===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter Calendar Year 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's call will be focused on question and answers following brief opening remarks. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Daniel Gittsovich, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Daniel Gittsovich: Thank you, Ina. Good morning, and welcome. Joining me this morning are Christopher E. Kubasik and Kenneth L. Bedingfield. Earlier today, we published our first quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and updated 2025 guidance. We also filed our 10-Q and provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Today's discussion will include certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Thank you, Dan, and good morning, everyone. During our January call, I discussed how this administration is planning to drive transformative change like never before, and we are seeing it unfold daily. L3Harris Technologies, Inc. isn't only embracing these changes but is helping shape the future and advocating for more commercial-like business practices within the DOD. Our trusted disruptor culture and mindset continue to deliver results. It enables us to stay agile and rapidly adapt to the changing environment, whether from the administration, allied partners, or world events. The external environment remains dynamic, and since we live it every day, I thought I'd give you the latest update on how we assess its impact on L3Harris Technologies, Inc. We're pleased that President Trump signed a full-year continuing resolution. Unlike a traditional CR, this bill allows for new program starts, greater budget flexibility, and affirms the budget in line with the expected 1% increase over 2024 levels. Congress is now focused on a reconciliation package which could include over $150 billion in additional defense funding. We view the continued emphasis by key congressional leaders to bolster national defense as a positive sign for us. There are many initiatives within the DOD and Congress focusing on existing program capabilities, cost and schedule performance, and investments in emerging technologies. To highlight a few, each service has been asked to reduce 8% of their budget to allow for reallocation of funding to administration priorities. We don't have any insight into these deliberations at this time. Secondly, as part of this process, the 74 MDAP, which is the major defense acquisition programs, are being evaluated to identify those that are either 15% over budget or 15% late to schedule. For the programs where we are prime, our performance is solid, and for those where we are a subcontractor, we are highly dependent on the Prime's performance. The DOD issued their 17 priorities, which we are well aligned with. Our two most recent acquisitions are clearly in the sweet spot capabilities needed for the future fight. The classified interim national defense strategy was released focusing on deterring China and defending the homeland. All these initiatives may be hard to follow from the outside, but clearly show a fresh look at aligning dollars to programs that are performing well while reallocating budget to the administration's identified priorities. You saw that President Trump and Secretary Hagseff suggested that the 2026 presidential budget request could be as high as $1 trillion. This represents strong top-line growth and highlights a sense of urgency and is another positive development. Over 30 executive orders have been issued in the first days, and I wanted to highlight a few starting with Golden Dome. We're well positioned to support this initiative and ready to respond directly to requests and contribute to emerging industry teams given our world-class capabilities in missile warning, tracking, and discrimination. We've made substantial investments in new space factories in Fort Wayne, Indiana, and Palm Bay, Florida. We're the only company to secure awards across all three tranches of the Space Force's tracking layer and are prepared to respond to the recently released RFP for the next tranche expected to be awarded later this year. Our hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor satellite known as HPTSS, launched in February 2024, is the only proven on-orbit system capable of tracking the NewRain hypersonic missiles. This is expected to be a core component of the Golden Dome architecture. If we were to get an award in the next few months, we could launch enough satellites into orbit while President Trump is still in office, thereby having complete coverage of the US. We broadly participate across offensive and defensive missile programs, providing propulsion and attitude control for all interceptors both in production and development. This supports our long-term growth and underscores our leadership in this area. One of my favorite executive orders is entitled "Restore Common Sense to Federal Procurement." This focus is on simplifying the acquisition process across the federal government. We've been the only major A&D company publicly advocating for reform and supportive of DOD efforts. I continue to think significant change is in the best interest of the defense ecosystem, and the long-term benefits will be significant for the country and our company. Those efforts in prioritizing budget for high-priority capabilities, advancing innovation, promoting efficiency in acquisition, and implementing risk reduction policies all align with our strategy and keep us at the forefront of innovation and customer alignment. As the DOD considers procuring more through a commercial model, we are very comfortable with this approach with over twenty years of experience about 20% of our products already being sold in this way. At its core, our LHX NEXT initiative embodies DOD's principles, tailored to accelerate internal transformation through greater speed, efficiency, and agility. Turning to international, we're seeing a significant increase in defense spending since our NATO allies modernize their technologies. We continue to see strong demand for our mission-critical solutions across key regions. So far, we've seen the need for the most advanced battlefield-proven equipment taking priority over politics, and we are staying closely connected with our customers through our NATO offices in countries, including Poland, Germany, The Netherlands, and The UK. As the global defense landscape shifts, we're exploring new models for collaboration, including partnerships with European domiciled companies. We secured a key international award just after the quarter closed with the Dutch Ministry of Defense for network modernization and software-defined radios valued at over $1.1 billion. The Netherlands selected our radios for their battlefield based on our proven hardware and software which deliver industry-leading resiliency, low probability detection, and intercept while ensuring secure and interoperable communications with US and allied forces. Looking ahead to 2026, we remain confident in achieving our financial framework of $23 billion in revenue, low 16% margins, and $2.8 billion in free cash flow. With the priorities of the new administration, we're well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth while meeting our customers' evolving mission-critical needs and delivering on our commitments. For example, as a result of our ability to rapidly respond to customer requirements, early in the second quarter, we secured a classified award in our ISR business valued at over $350 million along with a $200 million international award. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ken.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris. Our focus on profitable growth is delivering results. We had a strong first quarter with performance reflecting continued momentum and improvement across our diverse portfolio of products and programs. While we're not without challenges, our ability to proactively manage the portfolio addressing headwinds in some areas while driving performance in others, continues to give us confidence in our approach and execution. This is also the first quarter we're reporting under our new non-GAAP EPS methodology. This change marks another step in our efforts to improve the quality of earnings and narrow the spread between GAAP and non-GAAP results, enhancing transparency, and alignment with how we manage the business. Now let's talk about consolidated results for the quarter. Revenue was $5.1 billion and reflected flat organic growth as we operated through a dynamic external environment and were impacted by a short twelve-week quarter. Segment operating margin was 15.6%, marking the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year margin expansion. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.41, up 7% year-over-year. Free cash was an outflow of about $70 million, as first-quarter cash flows are typically the lowest of the year. This represents less than half the outflow we saw in Q1 2024 and gives us confidence in our ability to deliver free cash of $2.4 to $2.5 billion for the year. This quarter, we returned nearly $800 million to shareholders, with about $570 million in share repurchases and $230 million in dividends, marking our twenty-fourth consecutive annual dividend increase. Returning excess cash to shareholders remains a top priority and we expect to repurchase more than $1 billion in shares this year as previously updated. Additionally, taking advantage of favorable market conditions, we transferred $1.2 billion of pension obligations to an insurance provider without any cash contributions or book losses, reducing future risk and volatility. Turning to our segment's first-quarter results. CES delivered revenue of $1.3 billion, up 4% driven by continued strong international demand and quick turn book-to-bill deliveries. Operating margin increased 50 bps to 25.5% reflecting favorable high-margin international mix for resilient communications as well as LHX NEXT cost savings across the segment. IMS revenue was $1.6 billion, down 2% and operating margin was 12.8%, up 40 bps. Revenue declined due to lower aircraft missionization volume and the anticipated ramp down of an ISR mission operations program. Operating margin increased due to strong program performance, increased volume of higher-margin airborne electro-optical sensors, and LHX NEXT cost savings. SAS revenue was $1.6 billion, down 6% organically primarily due to lower volumes associated with program timing and reduced F-35 volume as our TR3 mission computing hardware transitions from development to a more gradual production ramp. Operating margin was 10.9%, down 40 bps, due to continuing challenges on some legacy fixed-price development programs in space, that are in later stages of completion all of this partially offset by LHX NEXT cost savings. AR delivered strong results with 9% organic growth. Growth was driven by improved production volume across key missile programs and new program ramps. Operating margin declined 10 bps to 12.1% due to lower net favorable EAC adjustments partially offset by higher volume and LHX NEXT driven cost savings. Now let me turn it back to Chris.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Thanks. Advancing strategic collaborations remains a cornerstone of our trusted disruptor strategy. Most recently, we announced a new partnership with Kuiper Government Solutions, Amazon Government's subsidiary. This effort combines our trusted tactical communication systems with their global low earth orbit satellite network to deliver resilient, hybrid satcom solutions. This capability will offer high-speed, low connectivity with out-of-the-box interoperability providing greater flexibility and mission assurance across the military, public safety, and commercial domains. This collaboration formalizes our joint work and reflects our commitment to delivering secure, resilient communications in contested environments and creating partnerships with nontraditional participants. It's a differentiated solution that plays to our strengths and aligns with growing demand for hybrid multilayered networks. This arrangement also expands the use of our subscription-based and commercial business model revenue. Another new partnership is with Shield AI on the groundbreaking demonstration of AI-enabled unmanned systems for electronic warfare operations. Leveraging our software-defined electromagnetic battle management ecosystem with Shield AI's Hive Mind autonomy, we're enhancing decision-making in complex battlefield environments. This collaboration will provide scalable multi-domain solutions for AI-enabled control of swarming systems for the US and its allies. We are a minority shareholder in Shield AI. We're also making solid progress on our partnership with Palantir. Together, we're supporting the US Army's Titan program, where we are leading the communications systems integration for Palantir. Further, we're integrating Palantir's Foundry software platform with our software-defined tactical radio networks. This collaboration is driving new insights and advancements bringing artificial intelligence to the battlefield. By enhancing the data processing power of tactical networks, we're enabling faster, more effective mission execution for warfighters at the edge. Together, we're pursuing a new opportunity that emerged directly from this partnership to modernize and integrate AI and resilient C2 comms into a next-generation C5ISR architecture for international customers. Partnerships like these and many others allow us to accelerate innovation and rapidly field advanced capabilities. By taking a more thoughtful and open systems approach leveraging the strengths of our partnerships and existing capabilities and bandwidth, we're able to rapidly adapt, scale, and deliver differentiated solutions that meet evolving, mission-critical needs. Back to you, Ken.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: First, a few comments on LHX NEXT and our portfolio. Then I'll move into guidance updates. We remain focused on executing our LHX NEXT initiative and delivering $1.2 billion in gross run rate savings this year. We are nearing completion of the cost optimization phase of this initiative including driving supply chain savings, process improvements, and facility consolidation. As a result, you may have noticed the reduction in corporate unallocated costs as LHX NEXT implementation costs ramp down. We will, of course, maintain our continuous improvement framework and drive for year-over-year cost savings. The next phase of LHX NEXT is centered on enterprise transformation. Leveraging AI-enabled solutions, driving enterprise-wide digital transformation, and optimizing our supply chain to become leaner and more agile. We are developing our LHX operating system for all functions so that we have a common way of executing and managing our business. We continue to proactively reshape our business. This quarter, we further sharpened our national security-focused portfolio by completing the divestiture of our commercial aviation solutions business, the last remaining commercial aerospace business in our portfolio. Additionally, we transitioned our fusing and ordnance systems or FOS business from IMS to AR as part of our portfolio optimization effort. We expect this shift to drive additional synergies as we align across common customers and leverage internal expertise for key RocketMotor content. Turning to guidance updates for 2025. As Chris noted, there are several moving parts in the current environment. But the key takeaway is that we see as much if not more, opportunity than risk ahead. That said, our updated guidance reflects a balanced and disciplined approach. It incorporates our solid Q1 performance while taking a risk-aware posture as we await greater clarity on several fronts. Specifically, we are monitoring the FY 2026 defense budget, details around the implementation of the 17 priority areas outlined by the DOD. Until we have greater visibility, we believe this is the most prudent path forward and expect to provide further updates on the Q2 call. With that, we now expect revenue of $21.4 to $21.7 billion, representing organic growth of 4% at the midpoint and reflecting a slight increase relative to growth implied by prior guidance. This update reflects the elimination of about $525 million of revenue related to the CAS divestiture. We are maintaining our segment operating margin guidance of mid to high 15% despite the elimination of higher-margin CAS revenue supported by continued LHX NEXT cost savings and confidence in strong program execution. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $10.30 to $10.50. At the midpoint, this includes a 55¢ reduction related to CAS and a 25¢ increase from improved operational performance and capital deployment actions, including the pension buyout. Despite the elimination of three-quarters of CAS revenue, we are reaffirming our free cash flow guidance of $2.4 to $2.5 billion driven by growth, higher profitability, and disciplined working capital management. At the segment level, we are reaffirming our communication systems revenue outlook of $5.6 to $5.7 billion with an increase in profitability to 25% from high 24%. IMS revenue guidance is now approximately $6.3 billion, reflecting a $525 million impact from the CAS divestiture and $300 million from the FOS business transfer to AR. About an $800 million reduction from the midpoint of prior guidance. Operating margin is now expected in the high 11% range down from low 12% due to the divestiture with plans to offset dilution over time through improved program performance and LHX NEXT savings. We are maintaining our guidance for space and airborne systems, with revenue expected in the range of $6.9 to $7.1 billion reflecting government fiscal year 2025 budget constraints in the space sector that we expect to abate by 2026. Operating margin is expected to remain in the low 12% range. Aerojet Rocketdyne revenue guidance is now approximately $2.8 billion reflecting the addition of FOS and continued strong growth in missile solutions. We continue to expect margins in the mid 12% range. Although we are closely monitoring the changing trade landscape, have put various mitigation strategies in place, we do not anticipate tariffs to have a meaningful impact on our financial results. We're actively managing any impact within our current guidance assumptions. Most importantly, we are ensuring timely access to international components to mitigate potential disruptions. Though these risks are limited, we remain confident in our ability to navigate this dynamic environment while maintaining our focus on execution. With that, I'll turn it back to Chris.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Okay. Before we open it up to questions, I want to briefly summarize our value proposition and how we're differentiating ourselves in the industry. With strong support from the new administration for defense, and a potential for a $1 trillion budget in 2026, the backdrop is favorable. We're driving relentlessly for profitable growth and are committed to our 2026 financial framework which we continue to gain confidence in. From a top-line perspective, the new opportunities we have won in Q2, as mentioned previously, will contribute to our ability to get there. We have grown our top line organically in each quarter since Q3 of 2022 and except for this twelve-week quarter, this will continue for the rest of 2025. Turning to profitability. We effectively manage risk and performance across the diverse portfolio of products and programs increasing margins even in the face of occasional programmatic challenges. Our LHX NEXT transformation is unique and driving our success. We've now expanded margins year over year for six consecutive quarters and we're delivering double-digit free cash flow growth since 2023. With deleveraging largely behind us and share repurchases accelerating, we see a clear path to mid double-digit growth in free cash flow per share. And last quarter, we increased our dividend for the twenty-fourth consecutive year. With that, Ina, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. And should you wish to cancel a request, please press star followed by the two. I would like to advise everyone to have a limit of one question. And if anyone has an additional question, you can put yourself back in the queue by pressing star one. If you're using a speakerphone, please lift the handset before pressing any keys. Your first question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Chris, I wanted to drill in a little bit on something you said a little bit earlier when you talked about international sales, particularly in Europe. I think there's some concern over there given the state of relations between the US and some of the European allies. And, you know, a sense that in the comms business and radios in particular, there are some suppliers in Europe. And so it sounds like you still have a fair amount of confidence in L3Harris Technologies, Inc.'s prospects there. So I wonder if you could talk a little bit about that. What sort of gives you that confidence going forward?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. Seth, a great question, and I expect you know, that there would be some concern. The confidence we're having is the orders that we've been able to book and the discussions we're having with our customers. You know, I mentioned The Netherlands, a $1.1 billion opportunity here in April that we booked. Poland, Germany, and there's other Eastern European countries we can't disclose. At the end of the day, it comes down to the crypto, the interoperability, and the modernization programs that these countries have undertaken. Need new technology. There tend to be seven to ten-year programs. And, given the sense of urgency and the threats in the area, I believe they don't really have the time to go back and start over. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there's a lot going on in politics. But at the end of the day, they want the best technology available. And it's proven over and over that our tactical networks and software-defined radios are superior, and that's why they're being procured.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, Chris and Ken. Could you speak a little bit more about Golden Dome? You've mentioned that you're making some investment there already. Is that in anticipation of an award? Have you already gotten an award? I mean, how are you thinking about that? And then I have a follow-up, if I may.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. No. On Golden Dome, we've been seeing a lot of growth in our satellite business. We use that as an example of our trusted disruptor strategy going back several years. So when you look at the whole portfolio of satellites that we're manufacturing, we needed to develop these factories given the quantity that we have in backlog and those that we in the future. So no Golden Dome awards have been made. You know, TR3 for Space Force, the RFP came out. That will be part of the architecture but it's still early in the process. I did mention, you know, HPTSS. And if you look at that executive order, you know, it has about eight different focal points. The only one in there that says accelerate the deployment of HBTSS layer is critical because we have the only proven satellite in orbit that works. So that is an acceleration. That's why I said if we can get an order here quickly, we can have the US covered while the president is still in office. Every other part of that executive order uses the phrase develop. So you know, we feel really good about the HPTSS and I believe this administration is putting money where contractors are performing and you know, we're hopeful that we can move quickly, get this under contract, and start launching these capabilities. But the other part of it is with the Aerojet acquisition, there's a huge part, with Solid Rocket Motors and the different interceptors. Ken, do you want to take that?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Yeah. And, just high level, Ron, to the investment part of your question, I would say, you know, the Golden Dome opportunity aligns very well to investments that we have been making. In particular, in the area of missile warning, missile tracking, and that's both in our Fort Wayne operation as well as here in Palm Bay, Florida. So, you know, we just believe that, you know, smart investments and our alignment to the needs of the customer are being revealed in terms of the focus on Golden Dome. To Chris's point on Solid Rocket Motors, I think Aerojet is extremely well positioned, not just from a propulsion perspective, but we're on just about every interceptor program to include technologies around the divert and attitude control and how you precisely get an interceptor where it needs to be. So we're looking at a focus on advancing our capabilities and our production and development, on both production and developing interceptor opportunities like next-gen interceptor, glide phase interceptor. And, also, you know, we do have a business that does targets for the missile defense agency. I think that'll be an important part of Golden Dome. Being able to test the new system and capabilities. So we're looking at opportunities to work with the missile defense agency to try to accelerate that as an enabler for the system as well. So excited, and I think we're very well positioned.
Ronald Epstein: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Douglas Harned from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Douglas Harned: Good morning. Thank you. You know, on SAS, you've had a lot of success winning SDA contracts. And those are easy for us to see. But when you look at the challenges that you've gotten you recognized this quarter, with respect to classified programs. Can you help us understand sort of the scale of, you know, the split here between classified and other? I know it's hard, but to give us a sense of where the challenge programs are headed. You know, are we gonna see these negative impacts, I guess, on margins and see that dissipate, as we head into 2026-2027?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure, Doug. I could take that question. I would say that, you know, maybe addressing the last part of the question first on the challenges. You know, we're certainly managing the challenges on these programs. You know, we've seen it in, you know, kinda tens of millions of dollars of negative adjustments across a couple of programs. And as we've said, those programs are nearing completion. So we do expect that these challenges, while not necessarily behind us, are in a breadbasket and should be behind us in '25 or early '26. Importantly, these are important programs for our country and the warfighter, and we see it as a strong growth area in the future. And we expect as we've got the technological challenges behind us, it'll be a solid growth area for us with good profitability as we move forward. And then on the SDA business, you know, that is I would say, you know, it's been a great business model for us. You may remember that we moved from, you know, call it a highly capable weather sensing system to a capable missile warning missile tracking system through advancements in the sensor as well as algorithms and ground processing. We were able to, you know, get a position on prime in that dealt with some challenges on that back in '22 and '23. And as we've won successive awards from tranche zero to tranche one to tranche two, we've been able to drive down cost, give the customer confidence, and at the same time, increase our profitability tranche by tranche. So we're really pleased with the investments we've been making in the space business. It's not without its challenges. We do hard stuff. You know, I'll be clear on that. But it is important work for our country and for the warfighter. We're proud of the work we do. We're proud of the challenges we take on. And I think we've got a solid path to managing through it while meeting the guidance that we've put out for you.
Christopher E. Kubasik: And I'll just chime in there, Doug, that we call these legacy programs because they're several years old in some cases. Predate the merger. Which is why I've been pretty outspoken about the fixed-price development programs, which these are and how they can come back and have challenges as you're developing and doing hard stuff, as Ken said. I do want to emphasize this does pave the way for future work. None of those programs have been bid. We don't have fixed-priced options. So we will know the actual cost. We'll know the technological specs. And as additional work comes forward, or similar or identical constellations or satellites, I'm highly confident we will win, and we will make money on those.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris and Ken. Maybe just to stick to SAS, can we talk about the airborne side of the business? What do you see as prospects there? It seems like F-35 is only a near-term headwind. There's a turning point there and maybe new pursuits if you're on F-47. And how do you see L3Harris Technologies, Inc. playing in that market going forward?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. Good morning, Sheila. Yeah. The airborne market is solid. In these cases, you know, we are subs to the primes or the OEMs. You're right on F-35. 2025 is the low point for revenue. As the TR3 development comes down and the TR3 increases. So we'll see growth for our F-35 portfolio in 2026, and that involves all aspects from core processors to weapon release and some of the other capabilities that we have on that plane. I was thinking I'm not sure there's an airplane out there that L3Harris Technologies, Inc. doesn't have some content on. So, you know, we have some great capabilities, even things like the T-7 and other new development programs. Positioned well, and we can support whatever is needed for next-gen aircraft and future planes. So feel good about the portfolio, feel great about the capabilities, and this will be a growth area for us in years ahead.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Akers from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Matthew Akers: Hey, thanks very much. Good morning. I wanted to ask Ken. I guess, you know, now that you've been in the Rocketdyne seat here for a couple of months, just curious your initial impressions and kind of thoughts on any opportunities for that business. Here going forward?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the question. Yeah. Look. My initial impressions are, it's a great business. It's a fantastic team. And we're very well positioned as we look forward to address the critical needs of our country and our warfighter from a tactical and large solid rocket motor perspective. You know, we're very focused on capacity expansion. In particular, in the missile solutions business. And I think you're seeing that start to reveal itself in terms of 9% revenue growth at Aerojet and solid double-digit growth in the missiles business in particular. And, again, that's both climbing the ramp on the tactical side, as well as starting to see some new programs kick in in terms of primarily large solid rocket motors. As I mentioned in response to an earlier question, we're excited about the opportunities at Golden Dome at Aerojet. Again, acceleration of Interceptor both production and development programs, as well as targets for missile defense agency. And then we're certainly focused on the space propulsion side of the business as well. You know, protecting NASA, SLS, Artemis, and our RS-25 engine there. We believe that particular program aligns very well with national security purposes. In returning to the moon and making sure that we don't cede the moon to one of our country's adversaries. And then we're also focused on accelerating and driving production efficiencies on the RL10 largely in support of ULA which we believe is the world's most capable, second-stage engine. We've made some changes there, driving additive manufacturing, which should enable us to see some efficiencies and acceleration as we move forward. So great business, great team. I'm really excited to be leading it. And I've been spending a fair amount of time in some of the Aerojet facilities Camden, Arkansas, West Palm, Canoga Park, California. And as I've been engaging with the team, it's just fantastic. And we're really very well positioned.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. And in my discussions with the customers, they're very pleased that L3Harris Technologies, Inc. made this acquisition. And more importantly, they're impressed with the turnaround. So I believe we're absolutely in the right market at the right time. And the future is quite bright.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Just a few questions on the outlook. A few of the outlook items. Given that the divestiture coming out reiterating the $23 billion for 2026, I think, would require closer to 7% organic growth in '26 versus the four this year and the four in the CAGR you've talked about. You maybe just talk about you know, I know you've described an opportunity-rich environment here, but how much risk is there to you know, just getting things on contract quickly enough to achieve that? And then for 2025, can the pension income and interest expense change? I think look like about 20¢. And you called the 25¢ operational. I'm just wondering how much you're ahead of plan operationally versus that being below the line.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Let me address the first question. And then I can get to the second part there. So, look, in terms of the growth drivers, the 2026, you know, Chris mentioned in his prepared remarks that we are building confidence to the '26 framework and the $23 billion in sales. A number of moving parts, and let me just kinda walk through them. First of all, Chris mentioned, classified award that we booked early in the second quarter at IMS. And we see that contributing to revenues in '25 and into '26. There's also an IMS International booking that Chris mentioned, and we see that contributing in '26. We believe that space will return to growth. As we mentioned, there's some budgetary challenges in government fiscal year '25. But we know that there's a focus on that, and we see more budget in FY government's fiscal year '26 on space. Whether that's SDA T3, accelerating into the fourth quarter of '25 as an award, as well as the potential for upside on Golden Dome opportunities. And then Aerojet Rocketdyne will continue to contribute growth in terms of missiles capacity again, both at the tactical missile level as we climb the ramp as well as some of the development wins that we've seen in the interceptors and large solid rocket motors. That's across a number of interceptor programs, a classified Sentinel, and others. And then, as Chris mentioned, the F-35 headwind that we see in 2025 will abate. So we are, you know, we are building confidence. We understand it's a 7% growth rate in the twenty-six. But we feel like we've got a really solid path to get there. And feel better about that today than we did one quarter ago. In terms of the second question, you know, we look at our performance in Q1. We think it was solid performance. I'm not gonna parse out, you know, 5¢ here or there at the EPS level, but we think the operations certainly contributed. There clearly is some benefit of interest and capital deployment actions, whether it's pension, or, as we've updated, you know, we think share count with the repurchase that we've done in the first quarter. Will be somewhere between 188 to 189 million shares versus previous 190. So we're feeling good about what we're doing to drive upside to EPS, whether that's performance of the segment line, or capital deployment actions and you know, we'll continue to crank through that and try to drive upside at the segments through the remaining three quarters of the year.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. No. We haven't really seen an abnormal slowdown in getting orders. I think it's just the usual change of administration. Nothing beyond that. I think just about everybody's book-to-bills were below one. We kinda manage it and look at that at an LTM basis. So we're at 1.14 on a book-to-bill, which gives me confidence in the growth. And, again, we have this twelve-week quarter, and I think we booked almost a billion dollars of orders in the first week of Q2. So there's growth in cyber, which is all classified, great opportunities in the Mideast. And these partnerships and focus on AI, I think, are gonna be able to contribute more in '26 than maybe people appreciate. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Morning.
Robert Stallard: Chris, just wanted to follow-up on Sheila's question from earlier on. With regard to the F-35. Lockheed Martin said a couple of days ago that they're looking to substantially enhance the capability on the aircraft. Exactly what Jim Taiclet said. But I was wondering if there were any opportunities there for L3Harris Technologies, Inc. to be involved in this process?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. I would think so. You know, we are leading the hardware piece of TR3, and I think a lot of those TR3 capabilities when they're combat-ready and operational will give significantly improved capabilities for that aircraft. So I think we're well positioned. I think, in fact, we're in the midst of doing a lot of that work now. You know, we never really talked about the retrofit market. So to the extent there's continued upgrades in the core processor or the digital cockpit or the memory system, we always talk about the current deliveries, but there's also a retrofit perspective. So I think we're well positioned. I think we're one of the few that have the capabilities they need. So we'll work closely with Lockheed and see how we can help and support them.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Myles Walton from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks so much. Chris, I was wondering, some defense executives have had meetings with the president and sort of made direct appeals as it relates to their solutions. I'm curious to the extent that you've been able to do that. And then maybe more from a budget outlook perspective, what is the timeline you're currently thinking about in terms of gaining visibility into the fiscal 2026 budget, the Golden Dome, and the 17 priorities areas. Do you see that as being sort of a May, June, or later than that? Thanks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Myles. I'll take the second one first. Yeah. We're actually expecting the 2026 PBR in the month of May. I think it's gonna be referred to as a skinny PBR with the dollars allocated more at the mission level than at the program-specific level, a little different than in the past. And I think a lot of those are gonna probably be aligned with those priorities, whether it's homeland missile defense, munitions, autonomy, counter UAS. And then at that level, yeah, we're working hard to make sure that our programs are supported and the dollars will be allocated to them. It's a little different process, but we'll have that number. Everyone will have it, I think, within the next couple of weeks is what I've been told. And, relative to customers, I can assure you I spend a lot of time in DC or wherever I need to go to meet with the right people and not only myself but the segment president. So I feel we have access pretty much to anyone we need and want access to and I think our message is clear and concise and it's unique. And people appreciate the capabilities and the speed in which we're willing to do the work. So feel real good on that front.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky: Hey, Chris. You've been pretty forward-leaning on procurement reform and the need for it and have even given some prescriptions to the building. I'm just kind of curious to get a few more thoughts from you. These efforts obviously are geared towards speeding things up and saving money. And I'm kind of curious on the saving money part whether this is to put downward pressure on spending overall or if it's to increase the purchasing power of DOD so they're getting more for the money that they're spending. Love to get your thoughts on what the intent here is. And then maybe just talk a little bit about what you think would be some low-hanging fruits, some easy wins for them to go get. And then lastly, what do you think the overall impact of an exercise kind of like a rewrite of FAR is gonna have on the industrial base? Is this gonna favor one type of company versus another one type of technology versus another? Just kind of your overall thoughts on the longer-term implications for the industrial base as we go into what looks like is gonna be maybe a full rewrite of FAR. Thanks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: I'm passionate about it. Yeah. Thanks, Jason. No. I'm trying to drive reform, and there's a lot of initiatives out there driven by the warfighter, members of Congress, and I just want to make sure that the defense industrial base has seats at the table because we do have a perspective. So, you know, speed and agility save money, and the quicker we can make these acquisition decisions, and the sooner anyone can get under contract, the better off we are as a country because we can get those capabilities to the warfighter. So by saving money not only in reducing the time to get an acquisition but allowing companies to have multiyear contracts commercial terms. We have so many competitive bids. You know, let's put out the RFP. Let's get the proposals, and let's make a decision and go quick. And the goal would ultimately be to get more purchasing power. I mean, the defense industrial base in my opinion, has pretty much absorbed all the inflation and the impacts of COVID. Given all of our hundreds of billions of dollars of backlog. We have not been able, until recently, you know, to flow those costs through. So the quantities that our customer is getting are less than they probably want. So this will be a way maybe to increase back the quantity. You know? And I did write a letter, you know, reforming FAR, getting rid of the cost accounting standards. I think it's odd that, you know, we need three sets of books, a GAAP set of tax books, and then cost accounting. Drives an incredible amount of inefficiency, audits out to Wazoo, disclosure statements make it hard to run the business and do what you would think would be a logical thing. Relocating businesses, consolidations, all that take on us. A life of their own. The truth in negotiation, you know, to have those requirements for every contract over $2 million. You know, it's pretty much darn near everything they buy. If we want to keep Tina, which I'm in favor of, you know, we ought to raise that to half a billion or a billion dollars. And then it just comes down to commerciality. And, like I said, if we can get more DOD commercial-like practices, business practices, I think that's great. I think it's gonna favor the companies that can adjust and go quickly and adopt to new change. Think our culture mainly as a result of what we've done with LHX NEXT. I think our employees are used to change on a daily or weekly basis. So I think we can adapt rather quickly. There'll be IT costs and systems costs and all that kind of stuff, but hard to imagine there's anything negative coming out of this type of reform. And even Secretary Hagset put out guidance on buying software. So the future software resilience communications, change in the way they buy, these types of services whether it's subscription, commercial, or otherwise, I think is a game-changer for the industry and a game-changer for L3Harris Technologies, Inc. And can't wait to get to that point.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli from Truist Security. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Ken, just going back to, I think, Noah's question on that bridge to 2026 growth. I think I heard some of the wins, which I think were international. International revenue looks to be up about 10% this quarter. Do you have any assumptions for sort of the international growth trajectory? For the remainder of this year into '26. And then just the other one, is there any more portfolio shaping that you think materializes between now and call it the end of the year or you know, you think you're kinda set in the organization right now?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. From an international perspective, as I was answering Noah's question and talking about the particular drivers to '26, there was a particular international award at IMS within the ISR sector. That I was referencing there. To your question on international, yes. It is growing faster than the overall business. And we expect that to continue. Much of that is within the communication segment a bit at IMS as well. And, you know, we've got that factored into the guide. And certainly, as I said, it is a part of how we're confident in getting to the 2026 numbers. So, you know, feel good about that. And, you know, again, overall, I think that the cards are laying down real nicely for us in terms of the benefit. It's not, you know, one or two things that are gonna get us there. I think we got a solid path of, you know, five or six individual items that are all either booked and, you know, will be in Q2 backlog. Or, you know, we've got a solid path to getting there. So again, we feel really good about that. International absolutely will contribute, but solid domestic growth as well. And we see that enabling us to get to that 7% growth for twenty-six. Was there a second part of the question, Michael?
Michael Ciarmoli: Asking about portfolio shaping. Whether there's any more anything left to be done.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. I'll just take that one. Yeah. We're always looking at refining the portfolio and would say nothing significant. You know, we're not obviously trying to be the largest company. We're trying to be the most valuable and is a benefit of focusing on those core competencies that you're good at. Whether it's ISR, space, resilient comms, weapons, and munitions, we still have a lot of small one-off entities that, in all honesty, don't really move the needle and we get calls on a regular basis. So we can get a good price maybe we do a little bore pruning. But, you know, there's a lot of concern on the growth of 2026. But it comes down to the portfolio. And, if you look at our portfolio, I mean, I couldn't be happier with what we have. And then in just the five years or so since the merger, you know, we did divest and have divested over $3 billion of revenue. And we've acquired $3 billion of revenue. If you'd look at these priorities, whether it's nuclear modernization, defense, munitions, you look at these MDAP programs and our performance, you know, probably not having a huge platform is not a bad place to be at this particular point. So I think it's all about the portfolio. We've got the portfolio aligned with current administration's priorities. We can go fast. Our products aren't that expensive, which is why they're appealing internationally. And this partnership strategy is making a difference. I gave a couple of highlights whether it's Kuiper, Palantir, Shield AI. We have a couple of others in work. We are the go-to people that are willing to work with anyone as a prime, as a sub, as a merchant supplier, and that's gonna fuel the growth for the future.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Hey, Ina. So let's take the last question.
Operator: Thank you. And your last question comes from the line of Peter Arment from Baird.
Peter Arment: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Chris, Ken, Dan. Hey, you mentioned SDA programs in your opening remarks. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on how the contracts are performing there. I know there were some leadership reviews going on, and it doesn't seem like it's resulted in any delays in the program. It's been just in the context of Golden Dome, are there going to be overlaps? Or just how you're thinking about, you know, that overall effort here with your satellite? Thanks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Peter. Yeah. Tranche zero is in orbit performing well. One and two are moving along. Ken and I actually had a couple of hour reviews earlier this week to go through these. It is gonna be part of the Golden Dome architecture as we understand it. They put out the RFP. This was gonna be a 2026 award. They're now looking at accelerating it into 2025. You know? So I think we're well positioned. We're making money. We're delivering on time, and these are pretty reasonably priced in the big scheme of things. So we're excited about it. And, you know, all these constellations we keep talking about, you know, tend to have three, five, six-year lives. So once you get them up, whether it's, you know, 50, 100, or 200, there's gonna be a recycle or replenishment, as well. So I think we're real well positioned in the future of price. Especially in missile tracking and warning. And with the hypersonic threats out there. So let me wrap it up here as we close today's call. I express my gratitude to our dedicated team of employees and leaders for their hard work and resilience. The progress we've made over the past couple of years is a direct result of their efforts, and I'm proud of what we've accomplished. Before signing off, I'd like to take a moment to remember Rob Spingarn, a long-time A&D research analyst and friend who recently passed away. Rob is a valued member of the investment community, and we always appreciated his insights and professionalism that he brought to every interaction. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family during this difficult time, and he'll be greatly missed. Thank you for joining us.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 L3Harris Technologies Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Thursday, January 30, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Gittsovich. Please go ahead.
Daniel Gittsovich: Thank you, Joanna. Good morning and welcome. Joining me this morning are Chris and Ken. Earlier today, we published our fourth quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and 2025 guidance. We have also provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website. Today's discussion will include certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Dan. We delivered on our commitments for 2024 by executing our Trusted Disruptor strategy and making progress towards our 2026 framework. We ended the year with record backlog that positions us well for the future. 2024 was a pivotal year for L3Harris as we marked the five-year anniversary of the transformative merger between L3 and Harris. The combination formed a new company that now operates differently. We are agile, nimble and fast, while delivering solutions that are trusted by our customers across all domains. We span the gap between the traditional primes and the new entrants, forming partnerships around critical capabilities such as AI and autonomy, allowing us to rapidly meet the evolving needs of national security and modern warfare. Domestically, national and homeland defense remains a key priority for the new administration with strong support for our programs in areas such as space, missiles, advanced electronic systems, cyber and resilient comms. Internationally, we saw strong demand for our software-defined radios, night-vision goggles and munitions, reflecting our commitment to supporting allies around the world. Partnerships remain a cornerstone of our Trusted Disruptor strategy. In 2024, we advanced collaboration with Palantir and venture capital-backed start-ups focusing on AI-enabled solutions and emerging technologies. These partnerships are accelerating a culture of innovation and speed, enhancing our ability to meet customers' needs faster and more effectively. Let me highlight some of our key accomplishments this year. We won the Next-Gen Jammer competition, which establishes us as a long-term jamming franchise worth billions of dollars in production of airborne pods to support the F-18 fleet. Our wins on the Glide Phase Interceptor and next-generation interceptor programs will drive growth in our solid rocket motor business for decades to come. Along with the propulsion content on the previously won Sentinel and Zeus programs, we are solidifying our position as a global leader in large solid rocket motor design and manufacturing capability. We won a $1 billion IDIQ award for the U.S. Navy to provide resilient communications technology to U.S. and allied forces. Over the next five years, our broadband communications business will deliver software-defined Link 16 terminals that are critical to enabling secure and resilient collaboration across air, ground, maritime and space platforms. By integrating Link 16 into space-based assets, we are expanding its reach and utility, ensuring U.S. and allied forces have seamless connectivity and situational awareness across all domains. As a testament to our Trusted Disruptor strategy at work, a team led by L3Harris, partnering with venture-backed startups was selected by the Defense Innovation Unit to prototype a command-and-control system capable of operating hundreds or even thousands of swarming autonomous assets. This project advances the DoD's replicator initiative by integrating advanced commercial technologies to enable collaborative autonomy in all domains. Our open system architecture supports rapid integration of third-party algorithms, providing unmatched scalability and flexibility to meet mission demand. By combining these capabilities with our expertise, we are shaping the future of warfare, ensuring U.S. and allied forces maintain a competitive edge in contested environments. As you saw in the press last week, I recently took steps to strategically align our leadership team to drive sustained profitable growth. Ken has been appointed President of Aerojet Rocketdyne effective Monday, in addition to his responsibilities as CFO. With his extensive defense sector experience, Ken will drive operational excellence and continue our strong performance. Sam Mehta's role has been expanded to lead enterprise strategic collaboration agreements to further elevate our focus on partnerships while continuing to head the Communication Systems segment. We've also elevated the LHX NeXt organization, which has been led by Heidi Wood for the last year and achieved excellent results. She will report directly to me as we continue to drive cost savings while accelerating enterprise-wide transformation. Lastly, I want to thank Ross Niebergall for his contributions to L3Harris first as CTO and then as President of Aerojet Rocketdyne. His leadership has been instrumental in positioning Aerojet Rocketdyne for long-term success. After a distinguished career, Ross has chosen to step down to focus on his family's health and enjoy a well-deserved retirement. I'm also pleased to have been elected Chairman of the Board of Governors for the Aerospace Industries Association, the leading voice for the industry. As our country navigates an increasingly complex global threat landscape, maintaining our technological edge has never been more critical. I look forward to partnering with my industry colleagues, the incoming administration and Congress to leverage the ingenuity of our world-class U.S. talent and drive innovation that strengthens our competitive advantage. Looking ahead to 2025, our priorities remain clear; to drive profitable growth while meeting our customers' evolving mission-critical needs. I will now turn it to Ken to provide details on our financial results.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Let me recap full-year 2024 real quick. Revenue was $21.3 billion, up 10% and 4% organically. Segment operating margin was 15.4%, reflecting continued cost savings and strong execution. Non-GAAP EPS was $13.10. Free cash flow grew to $2.3 billion, representing an increase of 14% driven by earnings growth and effective working capital management. For the fourth quarter, revenue was $5.5 billion, up 4% organically with a segment operating margin of 15.3%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.47, and free cash flow came in over $1 billion. Turning to our segment fourth quarter results. SAS delivered revenue of $1.7 billion, down 4% year-over-year, largely reflecting the divestiture of the antenna business. Organically, revenue was down 1% primarily due to lower F-35 related volumes as our TR-3 mission computing hardware transitions from development to a more gradual production ramp. Operating margin was 10.8%, up 20 basis points primarily due to LHX NeXt cost savings and partially offset by challenges on some of our fixed price development programs in space that are in the later stages of completion. IMS delivered strong results with revenue of $1.8 billion, up 9% and margin of 13.4%, expanding by 150 basis points. This performance reflects strong program execution and a favorable mix. We are pleased with the momentum at IMS and feel confident in the strength and resilience of this business as it continues to perform. CS achieved revenue of $1.4 billion, up 5% driven by demand of software-defined resilient communications equipment. Operating margin was 24.4% driven by a heavier mix of deliveries to U.S. DoD customers. We are seeing particularly strong demand and international momentum, winning key programs with NATO allies and expanding into other international markets. But I'd remind you, international and domestic mix fluctuate based on quarterly delivery profiles. Aerojet Rocketdyne grew 5% with an operating margin of 11.5%, up 40 basis points, supported by progress on solid rocket motor production and offset by lower volume in space propulsion. Now let me turn it back to Chris to cover some operational achievements for 2024.
Christopher Kubasik: Let me start with our portfolio. We completed the integration of the Aerojet Rocketdyne and Tactical Data Links acquisitions, and we also divested our antenna products and Aerojet Ordnance Tennessee non-core businesses. We further strengthened our leadership position in space, delivering four satellites to orbit for the SDA and one for MDA. Our progress in satellite systems and space superiority continued to gain momentum in 2024, reaching a record backlog of 40 satellites in just five years, a noteworthy achievement considering we started with no satellites as a prime. A significant highlight in our SAS segment with successful completion of the customer's engineering design review for 18 space vehicles under the SDA's Tranche 2 tracking layer program. This milestone confirms our advanced space vehicles, equipped with infrared payloads to detect, track and target hypersonic threats, meets the rigorous requirements of the program. Completing this milestone in just 11 months reflects the speed, agility and expertise of our team. These satellites are part of the Space Forces LEO Constellation, providing global missile tracking and defense. With 38 satellites awarded across tranche zero, one and two, including those already on orbit, we continue to support the efforts to advance integrated deterrents. With the Tranche 3 opportunity on the horizon, we are well positioned to expand our role in building this critical layered missile defense system. Furthermore, this capability positions us well to support the evolving defense needs of the U.S. and aligns closely with the Trump administration's recent executive order directing the development of an Iron Dome missile defense shield for our homeland. We've also made significant progress on our LHX NeXt initiative. In 2024, we exceeded our gross cost savings target by 2x, reaching $800 million. This strong performance provides confidence in our ability to accelerate and exceed our overall cost savings target. We are now expecting to achieve $1.2 billion in cumulative cost savings by the end of 2025, exceeding our $1 billion commitment a year early. This initiative is driving margin expansion, operational efficiency, facility rationalization and enhanced supply chain management. At its core, LHX NeXt embodies the same principles as DOGE, tailored to drive greater speed and efficiency to allow data-driven decision making. We are driving improvements across our operations and supply chain, simplifying and streamlining internal policies to eliminate inefficiencies and monetizing end-of-life assets to sharpen our focus and unlock value. This program enables us to respond more effectively to evolving customer needs while creating value for our shareholders. Back to you, Ken.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Turning to guidance for 2025. We expect revenue of $21.8 billion to $22.2 billion, representing organic growth of 4% at the midpoint. Our guidance includes a full-year of our commercial aviation solutions business as we continue to work towards closing the transaction. Segment operating margin is anticipated to be mid to high 15%, supported by continued LHX NeXt cost savings, strong program execution and reflecting investments to drive continued transformation. Free cash flow is expected to be $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion driven by growth, higher profitability and disciplined working capital management. Our guidance reflects appropriate risk posture early in the year and the dynamics associated with the new administration. We assume a continuing resolution through March of 2025 and no other funding delays or impacts. The administration has issued several executive orders that are still being assessed, but are not expected to have a significant impact on our 2025 results. However, as U.S. government contracting officers assess the impact of these executive orders on existing and new contracts, we could see an effect on our Q1 2025 bookings and revenue particularly at CS, which can deliver product rapidly against order intake. Beginning in 2025, following comments from many of our investors, we are revising the reporting of non-GAAP EPS to exclude adjustments for amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. This change aligns our reporting with peers and has no impact on our underlying profitability or cash. If this change had been applied for 2024, non-GAAP diluted EPS would have been $9.70, reflecting an impact of $3.40 per share. Our 2025 non-GAAP EPS is projected to be in the range of $10.55 to $10.85, representing growth of 10% at the midpoint. At the segment level, SAS revenue is expected to grow to a range of $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion, reflecting budgetary constraints in the space sector that we expect to abate in 2026. Operating margin is expected to be in the low 12% range. IMS revenue is projected at $7 billion to $7.2 billion driven by increased demand in advanced electronics for space and munitions programs as well as maritime solutions with an operating margin in the low 12% range. CS revenue is anticipated to be $5.6 billion to $5.7 billion with margins in the high 24% range, supported by increasing demand for our software-defined resilient communications equipment. Aerojet Rocketdyne is expected to reach approximately $2.5 billion, fueled by double-digit growth in the missile solutions business. Margins are expected to be in the mid-12% range as we drive continued operational improvements. As we set our 2025 guidance, we want to highlight the varying number of weeks in certain quarters in 2025 that will result in some variability in revenue and EPS between quarters. In particular, Q1 is a short 12-week quarter and should be considered in your modeling. Our capital deployment strategy reflects our commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. We strengthened our balance sheet and ended 2024 with a net leverage of 2.9x, exceeding our target of 3.0. With that achievement, we will maintain a competitive dividend and are focused on repurchasing at least $1 billion of shares in 2025. Additionally, we had another solid year of performance in our pension plan with no significant contributions in 2024 and none expected in 2025. To further derisk our balance sheet, we are working to transfer approximately $1.2 billion in pension assets and liabilities to a third party with little gain or loss and no impact on cash flow, taking advantage of attractive funding levels and interest rate environment. We expect to complete this action by the end of first quarter 2025, resulting in a reduction in non-cash non-service FAS pension income, which is reflected in our guidance. Considering our strong performance in 2024 and our growing confidence in the cost savings that the LHX NeXt program will continue to deliver, we are also updating our 2026 financial framework announced at our Investor Day last year and increasing the segment operating margins we expect to achieve to low 16% in 2026. We are continuing to target $23 billion of sales in 2026, representing 5% organic CAGR and $2.8 billion in 2026 cash, representing a double-digit CAGR with further upside on a free cash flow per share basis. I'm proud of the tremendous progress our team made in 2024. This year has been one of transformation, growth and strong execution, underscoring the strength of our portfolio and the talent of our team. We have faced a dynamic and demanding environment, but our ability to be agile and execute with discipline has allowed us to deliver strong results. From achieving record backlog to advancing key strategic priorities, we have demonstrated resilience, the ability to deliver on our commitments even in the face of challenges and remain focused on delivering for our customers and our shareholders. As we continue to build on this momentum, I'm excited about what's ahead. The opportunity before us is meaningful. And our strategic focus on operational excellence and innovation positions us well for sustained profitable growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: As we look ahead, we remain steadfast in our commitment to driving innovation and delivering mission-critical solutions that align with our national security priorities. As we navigate an increasingly complex threat environment, L3Harris continues to stand at the forefront of innovation and national defense. Our vision for the nation's next arsenal democracy is rooted in the convergence of cutting-edge hardware, software and AI technologies that ensure mission success in every domain. This concept goes beyond traditional platforms. It's also providing adaptable, scalable, open and interoperable solutions that give our war fighters a decisive edge. Whether it's in resilient communications, advanced munitions or space-based capabilities, we are enabling the Department of Defense and our allies to stay ahead of evolving threats. In my recent letter to the DOGE, I outlined key recommendations to modernize the national defense ecosystem. These principles reflect our dedication to advancing efficiencies, strengthening collaboration and ensuring that the U.S. maintains a technological edge. We encourage others to come forth and submit ideas to the DOGE Committee. We are excited to work with the new administration to bring these and other ideas to life and continue playing a pivotal role in supporting the missions that protect our homeland and our allies around the world. The incoming administration's transparency and understanding of the defense industry sets the stage for disruptive change in 2025. We expect a period of unprecedented evolution in defense priorities and policies. With our agility, speed and commitment to innovation, we are well positioned to adapt. This new era presents a chance to redefine how we support the war fighter, and we are excited to play a pivotal role in driving this change forward and seize opportunities that align with our nation's strategic objectives. Our work is critical to empowering the war fighter, who protect democracy, ensuring that they have the tools to maintain global stability. With a deep commitment to innovation and collaboration, we are proud to play a central role in this effort. Joanna, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Peter Arment at Baird. Please go ahead.
Peter Arment: Hey, thanks. Good morning, Chris, Ken and Dan. Hey, Chris maybe just to start where you kind of finished, which is you wrote a letter to the DOGE leaders just before the inauguration, and you recommended for I think policy recommendations. Have you heard any feedback? Or have you had any active discussions? And how do you think this is all going to play out with kind of DOGE and the impacts on the DoD bureaucracy, which I think you've called out many times and just how you're thinking of that. Obviously, it's been an overhang on the group. We've seen a lot of valuations compressed. So I'd be curious your thoughts. Thanks.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Peter. I'm excited about the DOGE, and I tried to parallel the similarities with what we've been doing this past year. And as I think as to how we got as a nation, each and every policy and regulation is put in place to reduce risk, and they're well intended. When you step back after a few decades, I believe the cumulative effect of all these risk reduction policies and procedures have actually created more risk than they've actually resolved or mitigated. So to answer your question, received lots of positive feedback from members of Congress. I was in the Pentagon last week, a couple of other classified meetings. I think a lot of people have read the letter. I'm really just trying to start the dialogue. I think Congress plays a role. I think the DoD plays a role. The war fighter plays a role. And I think it's important for industry to be part of this ecosystem and give their perspective. I know several others have started to write letters. And I threw out four recommendations. There's probably better ones or different ones. It's really just trying to start the dialogue, get people to sit down and say, how can we go faster and get better capability to the war fighter quicker? And I'm excited about the future. And I think, as I said, there's going to be an unprecedented change in 2025. And some will be able to adapt and take advantage of it. We plan to be one of those companies, and maybe others won't. But let's see what the future brings.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Myles Walton at Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Hi, Myles.
Myles Walton: Ken, you've got about $150 million of growth in free cash flow in 2025 and then $350 million at the midpoint, placeholder for growth in 2026. Can you flesh out what specifically accelerating? And then also on the increase in LHX NeXt of $200 million, how much of that drops through to actual margin savings versus savings for the customer? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, I'll take that one. In terms of growth and free cash flow, I think it pretty well aligned with the growth profile that we've laid out. We're growing the topline 2024 to 2025, 2026, a bit accelerated in 2026. As we've mentioned on topline, there's a couple items that are resulting in some better opportunities for growth, 2026, F-35 with TR-3, our hardware development ramp down and then the production ramp being a bit more – still kind of climbing that ramp in 2025, but accelerating in 2026. There's a little bit of space budget challenges in 2025. We do see the potential to get some space awards pulled into 2025, that will drive 2026 revenue and then a little bit of international opportunities as well at IMS. So a little bit of a better growth profile in 2026 and 2025, continued margin expansion from where we are today to mid to high 15s in 2025 and then low 16s in 2026. And then I would say, effective working capital management, the team will continue to do that. And I think if you kind of run that through, it will support the growing free cash flow profile both in 2025 and in 2026. To the LHX NeXt question, we're still holding to our target of about at least 40% of the savings will result in margin opportunity for the company. And as we look at that, there's obviously some timing of how that works. You got to factor in the percent complete on the various contracts that we've got in place at any point in time. It was certainly a strong contributor in 2024 margin expansion. It will also be that in 2025 and then certainly supporting the 2026 margin expansion to low 16% margin rate as well. So we'll certainly work to try to see if we can drive some upside to that above the 40% cost savings in the margin opportunity. And I think the team is working hard on that every day. But as of now, that's kind of what we're seeing in terms of actual delivery of the opportunity to that target that we set.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Douglas Harned at Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Douglas Harned: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to see how you're looking at the Communications Systems business. There's a lot of things that sort of line in there that seem to allow some real margin upside, the software sales for new waveforms, more exports, commercial contracts with LHX NeXt that could flow right through. But your guidance for 2025 is still below 25% margin. Where is this going to – where is the potential in margin expansion here? Because it seems like you've got a lot of the ingredients in place to get above the 24% range.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Doug. Appreciate it. As I mentioned, I'll point out a couple of things. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, certainly, as we're looking at 2025, we've got to go and continue to perform in the business. It's early in the year, and we're certainly thinking about it from a risk-adjusted perspective. CS team has demonstrated the ability to produce product to generate margins. So just in terms of looking at margins for 2025 at CS, I would say a couple of things. One, we're certainly evaluating the mix between U.S. DoD as well as international deliveries. From a software perspective, I think we've talked about that kind of comes in chunks here and there. So we've got to go continue to drive strong deliveries in terms of waveforms that are both integrated into the products and driving high-margin product opportunity as well as waveform upgrades where we really see the opportunity for high-margin business. And then from an LHX NeXt perspective, the CS team certainly has been doing a great job of integrating the cost [indiscernible] for the margin compression that we saw in the fourth quarter really was related to the mix of U.S. DoD deliveries versus international. We're at a higher mix in the end of 2023. So I think the team is doing a great job. I do think we'll continue to work to meet, if not beat, our segment guidance. And I know the CS team will be off and working on that. So feel good about the opportunity, and we'll update you later in the year.
Christopher Kubasik: I'll just chime in. Doug, we're seeing finally more and more opportunities to bid and win C2 and C3 systems. So the market is going beyond just selling the software defined radios in the waveforms that you said. So we're finally getting to more of a network and systems approach, and I think that's going to give us some additional tailwind. I think of all the segments, this one probably has the highest inflation impact from the supply chain, given all the electronic components. So we have to absorb and offset that, not only with LHX NeXt, but our E3 savings. But the trend is positive, and we're optimistic.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu at Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris and Ken. Thank you. Maybe I'll follow-up, Ken, on the $1.2 billion of LHX NeXt or Chris. You raised it by $200 million and 40% drops through to the bottom line, it's about an extra 30 bps on top of your peer high margin. So where are you seeing that come through the most? What's really driving some of those opportunities? And if you could just talk about maybe like KPIs that you track there.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. I'll start and then let Ken – yes, we're seeing it from a variety of places. Supply chain, I think we're finally had a pretty good year in not only getting the savings, but building the resilience of our supply chain, not only the indirect materials which we probably did first and is a little easier now we're working on direct materials and subcontract management. So I think those are going to be big drivers. We're continuing to look at the facility rationalization and the org structure and roles and responsibilities. So I think there's some additional opportunities, similar buckets to what we had before. But in parallel, we're also, as I mentioned, transforming the business as well and making the investments necessary to digitize the company to allow the employees to get data quickly. And that had also factored into our guidance. So it's just not a $1.2 billion gross run rate cost savings. We're reinvesting in the business, make it an even better and more efficient place to work for the employees. So you net that down. And as you know, even at 40%, the 30 bps comes in over time, as Ken said, depending on the percent complete accounting and such. So I think it's been a huge success and amazing accomplishment. We will hit the 1.2 in two years. And given the size of the company, very proud of that. Tack that on to the $650 million we did right at the merger. We've almost taken out $2 billion of cost in six years, which is pretty impressive in my opinion. Anything else, Ken?
Kenneth Bedingfield: I would just add, Sheila, that we certainly delivered on the cost-savings in 2024. A chunk of that was some difficult decisions we had to make around labor, but we did realize some labor savings. That's probably the cost that results in the quickest turn into the savings turning into actual costs flowing through the EACs, working hard on some other opportunities. Chris mentioned supply chain facilities, and then transformation some of the systems and how we work. And those take a little bit more time to flow through the EACs and into the actual realization of the savings. So we're certainly tracking that. So in terms of your question on KPIs, certainly, the generation of the savings, but then also programmatically and through the businesses, how do we track those through to actually delivering on the savings, ordering against new agreements, things like that, long-term agreements and that sort of thing. So I think we've got the right approach. We've got the right metrics. The team is fully aligned and delivering. And I think it certainly continues to contribute to the margin profile 2025 and into 2026.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ronald Epstein: Hi. Good morning, guys. Chris, how are you thinking about the environment right now with regard to M&A? That's to say, with the new administration, maybe things change, and Boeing has got some assets for sale. Is there anything out there that you're thinking about that could be a bolt-on in new technology, maybe an investment in something like more venture-oriented given the push towards some of the start-ups? Broadly, how are you thinking about that?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Good morning, Ron. Great question. I do think this administration will probably be more favorable towards allowing acquisitions. As you know, we made two in 2023. It made perfect sense for us strategically. They did not eliminate competition. And even in the prior administration, we were able to get two acquisitions approved. Relative to the way I look at it there's – we've really tried to take more and more of this partnership approach. AI is a hot market, and I think we have some interesting partnerships and opportunities. I try to highlight what we're doing with Palantir specifically. We actually have a couple opportunities that we will be bidding on competitively as a team in the next several months that could actually be awarded in 2025 that deal with next-gen command and control and army network modernization. Of course, we have to go win those. But it's easier, in my opinion, to find partners and work with them when it comes to AI and even autonomy. I think we own small parts of up to 40 different venture-backed companies now. So we're pulling that technology through. And the next step, if we do anything, would be a bolt-on type acquisition to fill a niche or to expand the capability. But nothing has come our way yet. We continue to review and get lots of inbound calls, and not many of them get a whole lot of traction. I like the playbook we have. We're transforming the company. We're buying back our stock. We're growing margins. In fact, when we hit our 2026 goals, we will have grown our revenue, margins and free cash flow four consecutive years, just straight up operationally. No exceptions, no exclude this, exclude that. Just good old-fashioned organic growth, margin expansion and free cash flow four straight years. And hard to argue against that playbook, and we're executing on it and proud of what the team has done.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Strauss of Barclays. Please go ahead.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
David Strauss: A couple of clarifications, I guess. On CAS, and that divestiture, I think you mentioned it, Ken, but what – exactly how much revenue is assumed there? And I guess what is taking so much time for that deal to close? That's the first thing. And then EACs, what they were in the fourth quarter and what you're assuming for 2025? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, David. From a CAS perspective, there's – we're working through some regulatory and other processes in 2024. There are some different joint venture aspects to that and just getting all the parties in the same room and an agreement on that. We do anticipate that, that transaction will close in 2025. From a guidance perspective, 2024 kind of felt like we were hoping it would close, and it didn't. We have kept having to update. So we thought rather than having to update each quarter, we would just include it. And then we can obviously just back it out once when it closes. So we thought that was kind of the easiest way to reflect that business. In terms of the timing, I wouldn't predict it. We do think it's going to be in 2025. And the revenue of that business is somewhere north of $500 million, $600 million in terms of how that business looks. No major impact on trends at the company level from a growth perspective or other. EAC, to your question on that one, we did deliver positive EACs at the company level in the fourth quarter. As well, we delivered positive EAC, positive net EACs for the full year of 2024. So when we file the 10-K, I think you'll see somewhere $40-ish million of positive EACs for 2024. And I think even in the face of some program challenges, we've talked about a couple of classified programs in our space business that are seeing some issues as we work through integration and test-type activities. These are kind of legacy programs that have been around for a while. And as we've moved into prime positions, we're just working through some of the IMT aspects of those types of programs. But even with that, we were able to work hard, generate strong program performance and see positive EACs in 2024. As we look at 2025, we don't really project or predict positive EAC performance. So our guidance generally assumes that we would have flat EACs in 2025. And as we're able to perform on the programs and hopefully generate strong performance and net positive EACs in 2025, that will be upside to our guidance and our performance for the programs and across the segments. Chris, did you want to comment on that?
Christopher Kubasik: I just want to, David, emphasize what Ken said on these EACs. And we have literally thousands of programs, and what we do is complicated. And nothing is easy and nobody is perfect, but this team finds a way to deliver on its commitments. And occasionally, there's tens of million dollar challenger, couple of million here, and it just adds up, but we take our LHX NeXt savings. We take our other innovative and creative ideas, and we meet our commitments. We don't make excuses. We don't back stuff out. What you see is what you get. And these margins are inclusive of all the good news and all the bad news. And we're going to continue to run the business that way and find a way to deliver. And I think that's the culture we've built, and that's what the team wakes up every day focused on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Seth Seifman at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning. Maybe just to follow-up on that, on the space charges. Should we think about the magnitude there being kind of the difference between the guided margin and kind of where things landed? And then I think you mentioned in the materials that those program were nearing completion kind of how close are we to completing those programs? And how much risk remains?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, Seth, from a space program perspective, so I guess at a high level, I would say we've got a couple of classified programs we're working through. We are, as I mentioned, at a significant percent complete. We do expect those programs to – we'll continue to monitor them through 2025. We'll continue to manage risk through 2025. During 2024, we did realize probably about $100 million of negative adjustments or negative EACs across a couple of those space programs. And clearly, as to Chris' comment, as the team works hard, we were able to largely offset that. So that's kind of the way to think about it. I do expect we'll, for the most part, get that risk behind us in 2025 as we think about some customer milestones early in 2026. And given the nature of the programs, I probably can't comment any further than that. But we'll continue to work. I know the team's got a good approach, data is coming in and working through those things. And we're very comfortable with what we've guided for 2025, so.
Christopher Kubasik: And I think it's the same story you hear from everyone. A lot of these are fixed price – a couple are fixed price development programs, some going back seven, eight years pre-merger. And I think I've been pretty clear on my views on these high-risk fixed price development programs. So we have to run through these. And you shouldn't assume in all cases that we're the prime. So it even gets little more complicated when you have to integrate with the prime and such. So as Ken said, we're in the – we're kind of in the red zone, to use a football analogy, and we just got to get these things in the end zone and continue to grow the missile tracking business, which is sequentially profitable each and every order and focus on the SDA TR-3 win later this year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Gautam Khanna at TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Ken, I was wondering if you could elaborate on some of your objectives now with your increased role at AJRD?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question. I'm really excited about the opportunity. And as we look at Aerojet Rocketdyne, I think the priorities are clear. There is absolutely an incredible amount of demand in the market for solid rocket motors to support critical mission needs of not only our country, but also its allies in addressing the geopolitical threats and issues that are out there. So absolutely making sure that we are increasing our capacity, and we have been making investments to do that. We'll certainly be making sure that we're doing everything we can to drive capacity on the missile side of the business. On the space propulsion side, really looking at how we drive efficiency on that side of the business and really think about how we deliver that capability. We've got, I think, a solid business. It's got like an eight to 10-year backlog and really thinking about how we maximize our performance there, make some investments and position for continued opportunities on that side. And then I think there's some important business there, including the Artemis program, which really is important in terms of returning to the moon. And I think we've been clear that, that's a priority as a country. So very much focused on kind of continuing the leadership there, delivering on our commitments and really trying to get back to growth and increasing profitability and cash flow at Aerojet and certainly continue to make sure that we focus on delivering our commitments from a finance perspective. I would just say I think Chris' and the Board's confidence in allowing me to take on this additional role does highlight the strong team that we've got in place or have put in place, both in Aerojet as well as on the finance side of things. So I am proud of the team that we've built, and I look forward to working with them to deliver results, not just for Aerojet, but also across L3Harris.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Gavin Parsons of UBS Financial. Please go ahead.
Gavin Parsons: Great. Thanks. Good morning, Ken. Busy guy.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Hey.
Gavin Parsons: Could you size the drag on revenue growth from the LHX NeXt savings outperformance? And then just a clarification, do the 2026 targets also still have CAS fully incorporated? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: So in terms of the impact on revenue growth from LHX NeXt, as we are driving the cost savings through, it certainly does have an effect on our revenue. And I will remind everyone primarily on cost-plus programs, but it does also impact longer-term fixed price programs as well as those run through kind of the same EAC model. As we look at 2025 and our growth projections, I would think about it maybe as in terms of incremental cost savings, thinking of it as maybe half of that would be a headwind to revenue growth. And then in terms of – I think the second part of your question was 2026 revenue and Commercial Aviation Solutions business. And in case it wasn't clear, CAS is in 2025 from a guidance perspective. It is not in 2026 revenue from a framework perspective. And again, we wanted to include it in 2025 just so that we didn't have as much noise in the system as we did in 2024, expecting to close and then having to update guidance. So Commercial Aviation Solutions in 2025, not in the $23 billion framework for 2026 revenues. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli at Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey. Good morning. Thanks, guys. I guess I wanted to go in that same direction, Ken and Chris. So thinking about CAS and the 2026 framework, what do you guys see in the backlog that really drives the doubling of that growth rate from 2025 to 2026 when you strip out CAS?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Let me take that one, Michael. We've – well, first of all, the portfolio, I'll start with our current portfolio. And we look at the national defense strategy and what we think is going to happen. There's going to be a lot of focus in space, maritime, cyber, comms, ISR and munitions. We have a multibillion-dollar businesses in each of those areas. So I think the core portfolio is going to kind of fuel some growth. We talked about some of the challenges that the Space Force has had with their budget, which has been impacting the industry, but I think that's going to correct by 2026. And of course, the whole focus on Paycom or the specific region and the need for comms and network. So I like the portfolio, and I think we're going to get some tailwind there. The prior question about the drag, if you will, from LHX NeXt, yes, it is a drag a little bit in a cost-plus environment or maybe even where we have these truth and negotiation cost and pricing data scenarios, which is why in my DOGE letter, one of the things is if we have competition, let's just get an RFP out, submit a bid and let's go fast. Let's not have 18 months of auditing to do a relatively quick competitive bid. So I think we're going to win more business with a lower cost base, so how I think of it in that regard. I think international, we're still around 21%, 22% of our business is international. There's been a lot out on there from executive orders and such. But at the end of the day, from an FMS, foreign military sales perspective, that money comes from the local countries or is nationally funded by the ultimate customer. So I think that provides a tailwind to us. I think the administration has been pretty clear that they want each of these countries to pay their fair share and/or increase their budgets. That's happening. The other half of our business is direct commercial sale. So that does not even have to go through the FMS process. We're looking hard at the partnerships with AI. I gave a couple of examples with Palantir. I think by 2026, can we get an extra percent or plus of growth from what I call these disruptive partnerships and venture capital and going fast? I believe so, and the team does as well. So when I kind of look at those areas and just yesterday, something popped up on border security, again, a focus of the current administration. We provide all the comms for the customs and border control. We have the comms for the military. It seems that these two agencies are working collaboratively, at least on the southern border. And that provides us opportunity to have that capability synced and network. So I guess between international border and security, AI, our portfolio, our lower cost base, we see a path to the $23 billion.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. I would just add, Michael. I mean from my perspective, a couple of things, And we talked about this in a little bit on the prepared remarks, but F-35 hardware delivery ramping, space has a little pause in 2025, back to growth in 2026. International ISR, certainly, Aerojet starting to kick in from a solid rocket motor perspective. CS, both international demand as well as the Next-Gen Jammer win, really starting to kick in volume-wise in 2026 as well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Richard Safran at Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Richard Safran: Chris, Ken, Dan, good morning. So I'd like to ask you about I think the Pentagon and almost industry-wide is a recognition that the impact of fixed price development contracts, contract without inflation escalators, et cetera. Now assuming you agree, I want to know if you see major changes coming to the contracting environment? Do you think there are going to be more rewards with good execution? And how quickly do you think these changes get implemented? Thanks.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. I have to believe based on everything I've seen and read and the people I've met with, and as a reminder, I think it's only been 10 days since the inauguration. So things are going real, real quick. But there is a desire, an overall desire to go quicker. And I mentioned earlier, the DOGE organization, which is more than a person or two. It's a whole enterprise. I think the ideas and the suggestions are going to come pretty quickly. So maybe by the middle or end of this calendar year, there will be some changes that could affect by 2026. The things that I threw out, as I said, I'm sure there's better ideas out there. These are just policy and the elimination of bureaucracy and regulation. This is, in fact, people that work in the Pentagon, people work in the government, I know they're hardworking and dedicated and doing good work for the nation. They just are hampered by the tools and the regulations that have grown up over time. So I think the companies that are going to win are the ones that can go fast, that can get solutions, that aren't vertically integrated, that aren't closed systems. And I think we're leading the industry, as I said, with these partnerships and kind of straddling and working collaboratively with the traditional primes, working with the new entrants. Sometimes we'll prime, sometimes we'll sub, sometimes we'll be a merchant supplier. I think just having that culture of innovation, speed, creativity and being open-minded to serve the customer is going to play well for us. So I'm hopeful that change comes. And again, executive orders come out every other day. I know some are out. They're rescinded. There's a letter that says this, a letter comes out, says, forget – don't do what I just said. And Ken hit it well. The first quarter is just going to be lumpiness, right? We read these things every day. A lot of pressure on the contracting officers. Do we all have to modify contracts for DEI? Do we not have to modify them? We'll work through this stuff. I mean the key is we follow the law, we get the guidance, we adjust and we move forward. So I think it might be a couple of bumpy months here as things go back and forth. But again, we have record backlog. We have existing contracts. We have a path to our commitments for 2025. And hopefully, there'll be a change that makes us even more efficient as an ecosystem. Joanna let’s take the last question.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Ken Herbert at RBC. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Herbert: Yes. Hi. Thanks for squeezing this in. Chris or Ken, as you look at your exposure to Ukraine, can you level set us on sort of directly or indirectly, how you see that? And maybe then just to put a finer point on the international opportunity, where do you see international growing at for you within the portfolio in 2025? And maybe how much does that accelerate into 2026?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, I'll take the first one, and we'll kind of keep it short. I think we're talking tens of millions of dollars, as I see it. When we talk about Ukraine, we're really talking about U.S. government assistance, which is different than FMS, DCS or such. So we have tens of millions in backlog already. We believe that whether it's in the form of aids or loans or whatever, that will continue and execute and deliver. Termination costs probably equal the cost of delivering the product. And then going forward, we have to see what the policies are. But it's manageable, and it's in that dollar range for that one country, which has historically come through either in aid alone or what I would call broadly U.S. government assistance. I think that is coming to an end. It's a small percent of our international business. And relative to the growth rate on international, Ken, do you want to take that and we'll wrap it up?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Chris. And yes, Ken, I appreciate the question. From an international growth perspective, we certainly do see the opportunity to grow international faster than domestic. But I think we see both areas of the business growing. So Chris highlighted, we're a little north of 20% of our revenue from international. Could that grow a percent or two, I think it can. But obviously, the team that's working the domestic opportunities is hard at work trying to grow those revenues as well. So I think they both contribute, to your question on Ukraine. We're seeing significant demand across all international markets, whether it's our NATO allies, Asia Pacific, even Latin and South America. And we certainly saw opportunities to support our ally in Ukraine in 2023 and 2024. There will be beyond the U.S. aid programs that Chris referenced, I think, other countries that may have some opportunities to acquire some capability and provide it to their allies as well. So growing opportunity set. I think international can grow a little bit faster. It could grow a percent or two in percentage of total revenue. But we're growing both aspects of the business. So it's a good problem to have. All right. I'll turn it back to Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, why don't we wrap this up? As I reflect on 2024, I have to say I'm incredibly proud of my leadership team and all the employees for what we accomplished. So I want to thank the 47,000 employees with a focus on performance and execution throughout the year. If you work at L3Harris, you get accustomed to change. The last five years, we've had change on a regular basis. So I think that's going to help us adapt to the change even though we don't know what it is coming forward. So as I said earlier, our strategic priorities remain the same. We have a dedicated and talented workforce. I think we're going to continue to grow profitably. The 2026 framework is achievable. And our focus here is to grow and create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. So thank you all for joining the call. We'll see you in the months ahead, and we'll do this again in April. Have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Also, today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Now at this time, I'll turn things over to Mr. Dan Gittsovich, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Daniel Gittsovich: Thank you, Bob. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Chris and Ken. Yesterday, we published our third quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and guidance. We have also provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website. Today's discussion will include certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris for some opening remarks.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning, everyone, and thanks Dan. We had a very strong quarter, and our strategy is delivering results. We achieved record order volume, an impressive book-to-bill, robust segment operating margins and solid free cash flow. We're proud of the progress we've made so far this year, and are confident that we are on track to deliver on the commitments we made to our stakeholders. Our customers tell us that we're agile, fast and fully aligned with their priorities. This empowers us to deliver the right capabilities at the right time, meeting the evolving needs of our nation and its allies. Our business model enables us to operate, as either a prime, a sub or merchant supplier, offering commercial pricing or utilizing the traditional government acquisition approach. This flexibility in our platform agnostic approach, gives us a unique advantage in rapidly adapting to the changing threat environment, and addressing our customers mission critical needs. It also enables us to effectively partner with new entrants, and non-traditional contractors. We've made key acquisitions including Aerojet Rocketdyne and Tactical Data Links, while simultaneously divesting non-core assets. These moves have allowed us to further hone our portfolio, to reinforce our national security focus. Our capabilities in areas like resilient communications, munitions, space, ISR and passive sensing are innovative, allowing us to deliver solutions across all domains, and providing our customers with superiority across the entirety, of the electromagnetic spectrum. Our diversified portfolio limits our reliance on a single program, enabling steady growth with lower variability and a greater ability to manage risk over the long-term. Partnerships are a hallmark of our trusted disruptor strategy. On Wednesday, we announced a strategic partnership with Palantir, working together to deliver advanced solutions to our customers. In fact, yesterday the White House ordered the Pentagon and the Intel agencies to increase the use of AI. So, I feel we're well positioned in this evolving market. We continue to focus on profitable growth. This approach allows us to grow, while delivering sustained margin improvement, which will drive financial outperformance. Growth for growth's sake is not our strategy. We prioritize profitable growth that drives appropriate returns, and cash generation. Our strategy to act as a sub or merchant supplier, also enables us to participate in key strategic programs even when we choose not to Prime. I'm pleased to report that we've made considerable progress on our innovative LHX NeXt program, to transform L3Harris and how we operate. Ken, would you like to elaborate?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks Chris. We're on track to exceed our 2024 run rate cost savings target of $400 million, and now expect to achieve at least $600 million by the end of the year. We are also confident in our ability to reach our $1 billion cost savings target a year early, and our pipeline provides opportunity for additional cost savings, to exceed the $1 billion target. The accelerated savings give us confidence that, we will surpass the segment operating margin target of 16% that we set at our Investor Day, and we now expect to achieve at least 16% in 2026. This performance highlights, our ongoing commitment to transforming the way we work, improving operational efficiency and program management, as well as aggressively managing all costs delivering value to our shareholders. We are realizing the power of real-time data across all of our systems, ERP, manufacturing engineering, to name a few and even our products, for better decision making. Moving into the next phase of LHX NeXt, our primary focus has shifted from workforce optimization to strengthening supply-chain management, and modernizing our digital infrastructure. By leveraging the scale of our enterprise using modern AI-enabled tools from partners like Palantir, we are improving cost, quality and delivery times for our customers. At the same time, this creates demand stability for our suppliers, giving them the opportunity to grow alongside us. Supply-chain management is becoming a competitive differentiator. Back to you Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: We had several key wins during the quarter. In our Communications segment, we won a $600 million Next Generation Jammer contract. Following the cost plus development phase, it will enable L3Harris to establish a long-term jamming franchise, worth billions of dollars in high margin production of airborne pods. These types of wins are critical to driving sustained long-term profitable growth, and reinforce the strength and diversity of our technology portfolio. Another highlight this quarter, was securing one of two positions on a $1.2 billion IDIQ contract, with the U.S. Navy to provide support for the P-8A Poseidon fleet. This contract strengthens our relationship with the Navy within the ISR sector. On the international front, we were awarded three contracts for software defined tactical radios, by NATO allies totaling over $400 million. We began deliveries in the quarter again displaying the speed at, which we can provide capabilities to our customers. The international demand for these resilient software defined radios, with our proprietary waveforms highlights our leading capability in low probability of detect, and low probability of INTERCEPT communications. This is driving our allies to choose L3Harris solutions, over indigenous products with increased frequency. Over the last several years, we have strategically invested in a new mission set bringing important capabilities in space-based missile warning, and missile tracking leading to orders for 50 satellites, five of which are in orbit. Our advanced solid rocket motor technology, also plays a critical role in this mission set, demonstrating our leadership in advanced missile and missile defense technology including hypersonics, counter hypersonics and precise attitude control. This is illustrated by our recent win on the Glide Phase Interceptor contract, as part of an industry team where we will provide two critical propulsion systems, including a large solid rocket motor for the first stage, and an advanced motor to power the third stage of the interceptor missile. This interceptor will defense against hypersonic glide vehicles, a real threat in today's environment. The Glide Phase Interceptor Award establishes another long-term propulsion franchise, alongside our next generation interceptor win earlier this year, where we were part of a different industry team. With that, I'd like to turn it back to Ken.
Kenneth Bedingfield: As we look ahead to next year, we anticipate growth across key financial metrics including revenue, segment operating margin, EPS and free cash flow. We're on track to achieve our 2026 framework of $23 billion in revenue, at least 16% segment operating margin and $2.8 billion in free cash flow. We do expect the growth rate in '26 to exceed 2025, given budgetary and political dynamics over the next few months. We'll provide more detailed 2025 guidance in January, but these commitments are a testament to our ongoing focus on disciplined growth and profitability. Our financial framework anticipates mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, continued margin expansion and low-double-digit free cash flow growth, as we achieve our targets. As we reach our near term target debt leverage ratio of 3.0, and deploy excess capital to repurchase shares, our free cash flow per share growth, will accelerate into the mid-double-digits over a 2023 baseline. Let's dive into consolidated results for the third quarter, our fifth straight quarter of strong delivery of financial results versus expectations. We're continuing to see strong demand across the board, with new awards totaling over $7 billion this quarter. This allowed us to achieve an overall company book-to-bill of 1.4 with all four segments delivering book-to-bill of at least one. Our Aerojet Rocketdyne and Communication Systems segments had particularly strong bookings this past quarter, with both recording book-to-bill well above 1.5. Our total backlog has now reached a new record of $34 billion. Turning to the financials, consolidated revenue increased by 8% in the third quarter. Operating margins improved to 15.7%, an impressive 70 basis point increase driven by continuing program execution, and operational performance with strong contributions from LHX NeXt. Non-GAAP EPS grew by 5%, and on a pension adjusted basis our EPS increased by 8%. Our performance so far in '24 puts us on track to achieve the top end, of our full year guidance range of 9% to 11% pension adjusted EPS growth. We believe this is the best economic measure of our earnings per share, highlighting how our disciplined focus is delivering strong bottom line results. We recognize the need to take on risk to grow, and as you can see from this quarter's results, we are managing our portfolio to enable profitable growth and limit risk to digestible single-digit and low-double-digit millions. We generated over $700 million of free cash flow this quarter, with adjusted free cash flow of $728 million primarily driven by increased operating income, and effective working capital management. And we reduced overall debt by $325 million during the quarter, reducing our net leverage to 3.1 nearing our target. Turning to segment performance, we saw strong growth in CS with revenue up 10%, supported by increased domestic and international demand for resilient communications equipment, and related waveforms as well as higher volumes for night vision devices. At IMS, revenue is up 7% year-over-year. This was driven by increased volume of avionics products, higher aircraft integration volume for international and domestic customers, and increased volume for advanced electronics for space and munitions programs. SAS revenue was about flat, due to the divestiture of the antenna business in Q2, lower F-35 related volumes as TR-3 development ramps down and a few challenges on classified development programs in our space business. This was offset by classified program growth in Intel and cyber, and increased volume supporting FAA mission-critical safety of flight networks. On an organic basis, revenue growth for SAS was 2%. Aerojet Rocketdyne contributed approximately $600 million to our overall revenue this quarter. We are pleased with the segment's performance and have booked significant new business to support future profitable growth as Chris mentioned. All right, turning our attention to margins, CS delivered excellent margins of 26%, a 350 basis point improvement year-over-year, driven by strong performance from higher volumes, favorable high margin, international mix, proprietary waveform license sales and LHX NeXt cost savings. Waveform sales, a focused effort in the last few years are demonstrating our effective transition from hardware centric to software enabled products. IMS also performed well reporting margins of 12.2%, up 30 basis points from the previous year, primarily due to improved program execution driving net positive EAC adjustments in the quarter, as well as LHX NeXt contributions and favorable mix in our commercial aviation solutions business. SAS margins declined to 11.6, largely due to a one-time license sale in the prior year, and the previously mentioned challenges on classified development programs in our space business, partially offset by LHX NeXt savings. Aerojet Rocketdyne delivered margins of 12.6%, which included $11 million of benefit from amortization of off market purchase price adjustments. I'll remind you that these adjustments, were always considered in our guidance. As PPA amortizes off, we continue to expect economic profit of new programs to fill in the gap. Turning to guidance. Given our strong performance so far this year, we are increasing guidance again. We now expect total company revenue of $21.1 million to $21.3 billion, segment operating margin of approximately 15.5%, EPS in the range of $12.95 to $13.15 per share, and we're reiterating free cash flow guidance of $2.2 billion. You can find additional segment guidance details in the earnings release, and presentation on our website. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our strong performance so far this year. Reflecting on the progress the team has made, since I joined L3Harris nearly a year ago. I'm truly impressed, by how we've built on our strengths. Our agility and ability to make fast informed decisions, are clear differentiators and it's this culture of innovation, responsiveness, decisive leadership and being a platform agnostic, honest broker that enables this company to deliver on our customers most mission critical needs, while staying fully aligned with the commitments we've made, to our stakeholders. Looking ahead, I'm more and more confident about L3Harris trajectory. We've established ourselves as the trusted disruptor in the industry, continually pushing to disrupt through innovation, while maintaining a trusted and disciplined focus on operational excellence, and financial performance. The future of L3Harris is bright, and this team will continue to unlock new opportunities to drive sustained value. With that back to you, Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: I want to reinforce that our mission is clear. We are here to deliver for our customer's mission critical needs, in an increasingly complex global threat environment. We are proud to be at the forefront, helping to build our nation's next arsenal of democracy. Unlike World War II, it's more than just building platforms. It's the convergence of hardware, software and AI. And we're uniquely positioned for the future. Our team's work is vital to helping the warfighter, ensure the safety and security of our nation and its allies. And we remain fully committed, to delivering the technologies and solutions that will protect and defend democracy. Bob, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly, Mr. Kubasik. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this morning to Sheila Kahyaoglu at Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris and Ken. Thank you so much. Maybe, Chris, if we could start big picture. You reiterated the long-term target of $23 billion of revenue, which implies an acceleration of organic growth from '24 levels and '25 to '26. So can you maybe talk about the biggest drivers of the acceleration? What's left to capture? What are opportunities that you're looking at given the strong book-to-bill this quarter?
Christopher Kubasik: All right, good morning Sheila and thanks for the question. Yes, if you recall in 2023, we had a book-to-bill of 1.21. We're sitting at 1.14 after nine months. And as Ken said, we have a record backlog I believe when I look at our portfolio that we are aligned with the important areas of the U.S. budget, and that will allow us to grow and meet our $23 billion commitment. When I look at CS, we talked about the NATO software-defined radios. There are other opportunities in Europe that we're looking at right now. And just like we talked about last time, we still have a $10 billion international pipeline in CS alone. On the space side, I think there's some well-documented budget pressures here in the near term. But I think given the threat environment. And as the customer continues to move missions from air to space, by 2026, we should be able to see more growth in the out years. In Aerojet Rocketdyne, the operations are improving. We're testing in the supply-chain. We're investing in capacity. That expansion should hit us in 2026, which will enable us to accelerate growth. I mentioned the Glide Phase Interceptor and the next-gen interceptor as well. So, those are large solid rocket motor opportunities that are very, very significant. And then, of course, in IMS, we always have international ISR opportunities, which are a little lumpy. But given our good performance so far in that market, I think that can provide us upside as well.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Myles Walton with Wolfe Research.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could touch on the cost reduction effort coming in a year ahead of time. I think in the Investor Day, you talked about when that $1 billion cost reduction efforts was accomplished. You'd have $400 million benefit through the margins. Are you at or near that in '25? And if so, why aren't you knocking on the door of 16% margins in '25?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Let me start with that, Myles, good morning. Then I'll let can give a little more detail. But this is the top priority for me, and the entire leadership team. I've talked in the past as to how we did the easy part of integration shortly after the merger, and we were disrupted with the pandemic. And this is really a Phase 2 of the integration, which we've now talking about the transformation of L3Harris. We are looking at every single function, every line of business. We're down to policies, systems, and really just focused on eliminating non-value, or waste in the systems. So we've been very aggressive. We have a dedicated leader and team focused on this 24/7, and you're starting to see the results. I think there was a lot of skepticism. I'm proud of the team. I'm proud of the fact we're ahead of schedule, and it's quite exciting, and we're going to continue to push to achieve that $1 billion next year. And more thereafter, but I'll let Ken talk about the margin impact.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Chris, and thanks for the question, Myles. Good morning. In terms of the margin flow-through, I would say we are absolutely tracking to the target that we set. And I think the team is working aggressively, to try to realize additional margin opportunity out of the savings either through, or through a combination of over delivery of the ultimate target. As well as making sure that we can realize as much of the opportunity, in turning the savings into margins as possible. We'll give more detail on 2025 guidance in January. We mentioned in the remarks that 2026 margin target has moved, from approximately 16% to at least 16%. And as we think about that, it won't necessarily be a linear path, but we certainly see opportunity for margin improvement in '25 as well. Remember, these are run rate savings, so we expect them to recur and certainly have long-term benefit. We're certainly focused on the long-term, but we will see benefit in '25 flow-through. And just as we look at it, again, the program is really performing well. The team is firing on all cylinders, and really feel like it's delivering the results that we need.
Myles Walton: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Richard Safran at Seaport Research Partners.
Richard Safran: Chris, Ken, Dan, good morning. I'd like to ask you about Palantir, if I might, the partnership that you talked about. So two things here. First, what's - if you could tell us what's the investment, and profit sharing arrangement between the two of you. And second, could you go into a little bit about the strategic rationale for doing this? I mean you mentioned complementary capabilities. It seems to me maybe you're looking to avoid a huge technology R&D spend here. But that was my view. I thought we'd get your take on it?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No, Richard, thanks. There is no upfront investment, or capital for this. This relationship goes back about five years. And before we signed a strategic relationship with another company, we wanted to make sure that the cultures are aligned, our focus on mission was aligned, and there's just a lot of great team work, not only at the top of the two organizations, but throughout the organization. So based on that, we wanted to take it to the next level. This will be both teams looking for opportunities to bid. We have one program where Palantir is the prime Titan. It's a mobile vehicular mobile network, where we're a sub providing the resilient comms, the comms architecture, the comm hardware. There are other programs where we're going to prime, and then there's R&D projects we're working on together. So I would say it's businesses as usual, and it's really putting the two capabilities together. As far as the strategic rationale, I mean, could not have timed to the White House announcement any better that I referenced, if you hadn't had a chance to look at it. I mean they are really putting the pressure on the DoD and the Intel agencies, to use AI more. And I think what our secret sauce is, there's no one company that can do it all. They may think they can, but there really isn't. And our strategy of partnering and working with the best companies in a platform-agnostic manner, I think, is a key differentiator. And to have the AI skills and the algorithms, and the large language models that they have is literally billions of dollars. I don't have billions of dollars in five or 10 years to build it. So, we ought to team and work collaboratively, and could not be more excited about that. Maybe I'll let Ken - and I talked about the customer side, and we also received a few calls from customers as early as yesterday, shortly after the announcement. There's a lot of excitement about this, and couldn't be more proud of the team. But we're also using their products internally as part of LHX NeXt. I don't know, Ken, do you want to give just a couple of examples of how that's helping us.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks. Yes, we're using a Palantir product. We call it the unified data layer, as I mentioned in my remarks, and enables us to look across all of our systems, whether those are ERP systems, manufacturing systems, engineering, labor, other, even to the point Chris talked about in terms of some of the customer opportunities, looking across the data generated out of our products in order to do some of the advanced targeting, real-time targeting and things like that, that are subject to the strategic partnership. But again, back to some of the internals, we're using that data to make real-time, data-driven decisions to drive cost down. We've seen that as a contributor in identifying not only areas for labor efficiencies, factory efficiencies, process improvements, but it is contributing significantly to the supply-chain effort as well. So really excited about the partnership. I think it's one of these where there's certainly benefit on the customer side, and we are realizing that benefit upfront in our internal operations to really show how it will actually operationalize itself for our customers.
Christopher Kubasik: And I'll just chime in. We recently rolled out a - for our program managers and their financial analysts, the ability to get data even more timely, real-time. And at the end of the day, Rich, it's all about managing your programs. And the earlier you can get the data, the earlier you can identify opportunities and risks, the easier it is to either realize those opportunities, or mitigate the risks. And it's always been a struggle in this industry to get timely data and it's exciting. Our 800 financial analysts have real-time data, and I think it's going to make a difference in our operations in a positive way.
Richard Safran: Appreciate all the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next now to Doug Harned at Bernstein.
Douglas Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
Douglas Harned: In CS, you had good results with native demand for radios. When you look at the outlook here, and I would say first on the Army and Marines side in the U.S. and then on NATO, I guess since its World Series Day, what inning are we in, in outfitting the Army and Marines in the U.S. with next-gen radios? And then, how do you see that playing out with NATO countries as well?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Let me - we'll start with the U.S., where we can't agree whether we're in the bottom of the third or the top of the fourth, but somewhere between those two is where I think we're positioned here with the DoD. There's still a lot of strong demand. I'm proud of the team. We're now upselling our latest waveforms. In addition, to just the software-defined radios, sometimes thought of as hardware, although it's all about the waveforms. That gives us a great, great market opportunity. And every time there's an annual buy. We continue to win. So I'm pretty excited there. I'd say on NATO, it's probably even earlier, or maybe the second inning. And what we're really seeing, is the interoperability absolutely critical within the NATO countries, our resilience, our crypto mods. These are all reasons why NATO countries are selecting us, over their indigenous radio providers, it's a huge, huge opportunity. In fact, we recently won a program with the Netherlands for $1.4 billion over 10 years. That's going through the congressional U.S. Congressional notification process. I think one of the key lessons learned coming out of Ukraine, is the need for this interoperability and the need for resilient comms. And majority of the NATO countries are, in fact, not only signing up, but spending the 2% of GDP that they committed to. We have a couple of opportunities that we won here in Q4, already in Eastern Europe. The pipeline is healthy, and we're real, real excited about the software-defined tactical radio business. And as I said, $10 billion international pipeline. Ken?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes, Doug, just to put a couple of numbers on the U.S. side, to your question about Army and Marine Corps, in particular, the DoD has a modernization cycle. We think that's just shy of 500,000 radios in the current cycle. And almost 150,000 of those have been awarded. We have seen about three-quarters of those about 75% coming to L3Harris, that leaves somewhere shy of 300,000 radios to go. So just put a little bit of numbers behind Chris' comments on the U.S. market, I feel really good about that modernization cycle, and how we're doing against the competitive landscape there. You may remember, there's a competitor or two in the handhelds as well as a different set of Manpack and Vehicular.
Douglas Harned: And if I can, as a follow-on. In CS, on ENVG, this is something where it seems like we're on the edge of funding being stopped like every time we turn around, but then you get a next award. How do you see the outlook for the night vision goggles there?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. We're optimistic on the night vision goggles. I think they actually put money in the budget for a change. Usually, it's a zero. And then we go to D.C. and try to get the money put back in. This time, the money is actually in there. I think it's ultimately going to be how IVAS and the virtual reality, augmented reality plays out. I think it's pretty well documented that they're behind schedule, and they're struggling. And the ENVG is a superior product for war fighters. So, I think the two are ultimately going to be used, and there's going to be a convergence. But I think it's safe to say we feel a lot better about the night vision goggle business now, than maybe a year or two ago. And again, some of these DoD procurements are split buys, and we've been winning the majority by a fair amount. As we are meeting our commitments, we're delivering and our competitor is behind. So the Army is always going to award the business, to the company that's delivering and performing. That's what we're doing. And we'll watch it closely, but feel pretty good about it, Doug.
Douglas Harned: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Matt Akers with Wells Fargo.
Matthew Akers: Yes, hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Chris, I want to talk about the progress you guys are making on the cost savings. And obviously, that - a lot of that goes to L3, but a lot of it also goes to your customers, and sort of how they're responding to that? Are they taking notice and better competitiveness maybe helping you convert, on some of those orders you got this quarter?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Matt. As you would imagine, I and my team spend a lot of time in D.C. and with the customers, and it's always flattering when they ask you how things are going and how LHX NeXt is going, or looking at it not only is it cost savings. But a transformation, the use of digital engineering, the ability to make data-driven decisions more timely. I think it gives Ken and I and the team the flexibility as we roll up our new bids. We know what our labor costs are. We know what our materials, we know what our overhead are, and it allows us to either share some of that with the customer, or bid higher-margin programs. We try to split the two. And based on these book-to-bill rates and the win rates, is clearly giving us an advantage, and couldn't be more excited about it. But it's definitely front and center with everybody we meet with.
Matthew Akers: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next now to David Strauss at Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
David Strauss: Hi Chris, so far, the margin progress we've seen has been pretty ratable across the individual segments. As you progress from here up about 16%, how do you see that kind of playing out? Do you still see a kind of similar margin opportunity across the individual segments?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Yes. We do, David. We see it at the segment level. And of course, we see it at the sector level, we have 13 sectors. And the mantra has been everybody has to improve their margins. We have a toolbox on how to do that. As Ken mentioned, the next phase is on supply-chain, both indirect and direct costs. I'm really excited about that. We've had some early progress, and I think the opportunities are great. Again, the hard part is getting all the data. And once we know how much we spend with each supplier, we're able to sit down and negotiate kind of a win-win situation. So, I'm excited about that. 16 is an interesting number. If we look at our 13 sectors, I don't think there's anybody really close to 16, Ken. There's a bunch of people well above 16 and a bunch of people below 16. So the guys making 11 need to get to 11.2, 11.5, 11.8 [ph], and the people making 25 or 30 need to go to 26 and 32. So everybody is going forward, LHX NeXt, an enterprise-wide initiative, the benefits are spread across the company. And I'm excited about the progress. I don't know, Ken, anything you want to add?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. I was just going to say, in terms of the margin progress, LHX NeXt is certainly a big part of that. But I think at the end of the day, it's also the investments we've made in the team, and the tools are performance on our programs, I think one of the big contributors is just solid performance, getting some of the negative impacts out of the system. We talk about bidding discipline, and I don't want that message to come across, as that means we're not bidding new work. We are bidding. We think we have a more effective cost structure than our peers, and that gives us the ability to win and determine what the right amount of margin opportunity is for us, and what the right amount of lower cost is for the customers. So as I look at it, certainly, a piece of it is avoiding some of the lower margin negative program issues, we saw in the past. Certainly, working with the supply-chain, pricing and inflation. We sort of had to deal with some of the inflationary pressures as an industry back during the pandemic, but we're now new programs able to reflect that more appropriate cost. And again, really focusing on kind of bid to win and knowing what our cost is, and I think having a better view that we are more competitive than many of the peers. So it's kind of that combination of all those various pieces that, I think help us drive to the margin upside, and that's what gives us the confidence in saying, we're going to get to at least that 16% in 2026.
David Strauss: Great. That's helpful. And a quick follow-up for you, Ken. I think you talked about a low double-digit free cash flow per share growth out through '26. It would imply a pretty significant pivot back to share repo kind of soon here as you approach your target leverage, as I just wanted to kind of confirm that.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, David. That's confirmed. We talked about $500 million in share repurchases in 2025. We have now hit that target year-to-date - I'm sorry, 2024. We have now hit that target year-to-date. In terms of leverage, we're at 3.1, which is near that 3.0 target that we talked about. That should enable us to get back to more value-creating share repurchase levels in '25 and '26. '24, we mentioned we would be at least kind of offsetting dilution from our equity incentive plans, and that sort of thing. So absolutely, I think you're thinking about it right, and we're excited about this as really what we see as one of the contributors, to value creation for our shareholders, that growing free cash flow per share at solid mid-teen double-digit clip.
David Strauss: Sure. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Michael Ciarmoli at Truist.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Ken, just maybe one quick clarification on the margin performance. Any EACs in the quarter? And then, just on the competitive environment, I guess, specifically as it relates to solid rocket motors. There's been some new entrants. It looks like you've got a collaboration going on with GD and Lockheed and maybe that's targeting your GMLRS program. I mean, I guess I'm just trying to get an update on your sense of confidence in maintaining, or even growing some of your share in Aerojet where you've got seemingly, like I said, some new start entrants, some existing players. So just a general update there?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Great. Thanks, Michael. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Chris on some of the new entrant question as well. Look, from a margin perspective and the question about EAC adjustments, we are, as I mentioned, delivering on our programs talked about we did realize some program pressures, in particular, in the space area on a couple of classified programs that we bid a number of years ago. These are very important programs to our customers. I think they enable critical missions, and we're proud of the work that our team does in that area, certainly realizing some schedule pressure and working to accelerate, and that's been driving a little bit of cost on us. But I think it also represents the power of our portfolio, where we were able to work on some of our other programs, realize some upside to more than offset that pressure, and still generate 70 basis points of growth in margin rate year-over-year. In terms of the EACs, we were positive in three of the four segments. As I mentioned, IMS was positive this quarter. I take that as a real good sign about the performance on their programs and the stability that, that team is generating on their performance. SAS, as I mentioned, did realize some challenges and ended up in the red for the third quarter. But again, we're happy that the team is working together, all growing in the same direction to offset. Again, what are those manageable pressures that we see in a significant growth area for this company. In terms of the question on Aerojet and new entrants, I would say, look, we recognize what's going on. Chris has talked about the importance of partnering, with new entrants as a part of our trusted disruptor strategy. We certainly are doing that in Aerojet as well. And we've got a few partnerships that we're working to see if there's more upside than risk in terms of the new entrants. To the question on GMLRS specifically, we see that as a significant growth opportunity in terms of the customer need, and there's been discussion of significant increases in capacity needed there. We are working hard at Aerojet to increase our capacity, and as the customer there is looking at how they get there, they're looking at other opportunities. We're figuring out how we maximize our share of that opportunity. And that's a significant growing market for us, more than we ever anticipated at the time of acquisition, and certainly at the time of diligence. And the team is working hard, to make sure we get at least our fair share of that opportunity.
Christopher Kubasik: I'll just - Mike will give you a little more GMLRS specifically, which I think is with that joint venture teaming arrangement that you mentioned. The Army has recently been talking about a need for 32,000 solid rocket motors a year. We're currently producing based on our capacity, 8,000. We're making investments to ramp to 10,000 to 14,000 call it 12,000 in the midpoint. There's just more demand there, and there is supply. So we welcome the competition. We think we have the best technology. We have the infrastructure. We're building new buildings. We've already bought equipment to ramp up. And just to put it in perspective, just out of our Camden, Arkansas facility, we delivered 100,000 solid rocket motors a year, 100,000 solid rocket motors. So that's just a data point. It takes a long time to develop new rockets, to get them qualified, get them tested. We welcome the competition, but more pleased with the acquisition of Aerojet today, than I was a couple of years ago. The demand is strong and the team is performing, so awesome [ph].
Michael Ciarmoli: Great color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question now from Gautam Khanna TD Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: Hi, thanks and great results.
Christopher Kubasik: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: I wanted to ask just if you can give us an update on Tech Refresh 3 where that stands? And then, if you could also just opine on the margin progress you've made at IMS, and getting some of those challenges that were there last year under control? Thanks.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. On F-35, I know there's been a lot of discussion on TR-3 in the last several days. I just want to clarify that we're under contract with Lockheed Martin through Lot '19. So we are not experiencing any financial headwinds, or impact from their negotiations. But I will say it's a great team effort. We're all working together on this from the prime to the subs and ourselves, to make sure these aircraft get delivered. And field it as soon as possible. Overall, we're meeting our commitments on TR-3, whether you look at the core processor or the memory system or the cockpit display. So it's been a good effort, to get weekly updates on the progress from the team. And I think the customer's end user and the prime are happy, with what we're doing. So pretty good in that regard. Relative to IMS, you've seen the improvement. They are clearly performing well. We're getting new leadership in place a few years ago. We're investing in systems. The customer relationship is improving. And we're seeing pretty good progress. So pleased with the margins on IMS, and they're kind of getting back to where they were just a few years ago, which again, I don't think anyone thought was possible. But - to elaborate on what Ken was saying it's more than LHX NeXt, it's program execution, it's negotiation. It's identifying when the customer wants changes and getting change orders, they don't want it. We don't get paid for it, we don't do it. but that goes across the board. So good progress all the way around.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Pete Skibitski at Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Hi, good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thank you, Pete.
Peter Skibitski: Just wondering at CS, you guys, obviously, kind of broke the year out between first half heavy, domestic mix at tactical radios, second half heavy international and we're seeing that playing out with the margins. Can you give us a sense of how 2025 might play out just versus '24? Do you expect a similar mix, domestic international in '25 versus '24? Or will it shift one way or another? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Pete. In terms of CS and the margin, I would say a couple of things. One, in terms of '24, we did talk about a profile that was a bit more domestic in the first half, international in the second half, and that's planned out as we expected. Some of the first half domestic heavier mix was a catch-up from a number of international deliveries made in late '23. And then I think the team did a great job in responding quickly, to some of the international demand that we saw. And a number of the awards that CS received in the third quarter, were actually not just booked into opportunities, but they were able to ship products to international customers in the same quarter. I should make sure to highlight that waveform strategy is working. And we saw that play through as a driver of the 26% margins at CS, and over 300 basis point increase in margin year-over-year. To 2025, I would say, look, we'll give more guidance for '25 in January. But I don't necessarily expect to see as much of timing delta between domestic and international quarter-to-quarter, first half, second half. We've got growing demand, both domestically and internationally. And as the team has expanded capacity, expanded testing ability, one of the things that they've done that I think is great at CS is invested in some test capability, where they can test multiple radios on single stands, whether those are for domestic customers or international customers that's driving some efficiency. And because that I think we'll be able to see both growing domestic and international in 2025. Again, as we think about that profile, we'll give you more information in January, but it should be, I would think, a bit more stable in the mix as we look forward.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, I'll just chime in. Our confidence in '25, which we'll talk about in January is, is probably going to be better than it has the last couple of years on CS and in particular, the software-defined radio business. If you recall, in '21, '22, the supply chain was really a headwind as we talked about and kind of hard to deliver radio, if you don't have all the parts. But Ken and I were going through some things earlier this week, and I know you're going to find this hard to believe. But Pete, we actually are confident today that our supply-chain is in better shape today, than it was before the pandemic. So you talk about looking for a silver lining in the pandemic, we have a much more resilient supply-chain. We have alternate parts. We've entered long-term strategic agreements where it makes sense. And I think that's going to give us confidence in that particular sector that we didn't have, not only during the pandemic, but before the pandemic. So pretty exciting progress. We don't go back to the norm. It's the new norm, and it's much better in supply-chain than it ever was. So, I thought I'd share that insight.
Peter Skibitski: Yes. No, that's great. I appreciate it. A quick follow-up. So guys, waveforms - are waveforms now even higher margin than international at this point? I don't know if you want to answer that or not, but the way you're talking it almost seems like it is?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, they are.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Seth Seifman at JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Definitely appreciate all the investment that you guys made in Aerojet and the demand there. Just looking specifically at the cadence and in the fourth quarter and just kind of, again, to the low end of the range there, requires a pretty big step-up sequentially and year-over-year. I guess, what kind of gives you the confidence in that? And then, to what degree do we think of that as something that's maybe a seasonal impact, versus something that's kind of breaking free in terms of the pace of sales there?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Seth. I appreciate the question. At AR, we are making really good progress, as we mentioned, I think, in really operationalizing for the capacity and to realize the opportunities that we see. In terms of revenue growth, it does take time to get some of that capacity increase in place. We're starting to see some of the investments that we made pay off, and that should start to kick in from a revenue perspective. They have been working hard on integration and their own piece of cost management, whether that's integration or LHX NeXt and driving that cost down, has been a little bit of a headwind on revenue. As well as some of the - just the legacy contracts that were in place at the time of the acquisition, hanging around for a little longer than we expected that's also been a little bit of a headwind. But as we look forward to the fourth quarter, there's some timing of supply-chain cost flow-through and things like that, that we see giving us confidence to the full year AR revenue range, for the 2024 guide. So we're feeling pretty good about both. I think most importantly, the long-term trajectory and the investments that we're making, to drive our ability to realize that, as well as the full year guide on revenue and margin rate at AR.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Peter Arment at Baird.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, Chris and Ken. Really nice results. Hi Chris, maybe just get your latest thoughts on just any sort of updated thoughts on portfolio shaping. You've talked about some businesses that maybe you wanted to potentially divest, and just given LHX NeXt all the progress that you're doing there? Just your latest thoughts there. Appreciate it?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Peter. No, we continue to process. We have a couple of smaller properties that are in the market. So I don't know if we'll be able to get anything closed in Q4, we might announce something and we have a process that we're following. None of these would really I don't think be viewed materially $50 million here, $100 million there type thing. But no, we're really refining the portfolio and the amount of management oversight. The time and effort with these small entities and the strategic value to us sometimes doesn't align. But these are good businesses in the right hands. It's always who's the best owner, and we have a handful that we think others would be better owners of. And we'll keep you informed, but I think of it in a couple of hundred million here or there range. I hope that helps, Peter.
Peter Arment: Yes, I appreciate that. And just a quick follow-up, Ken. Just since you've been now at L3 for just about a year, just how you're thinking about the opportunities with working capital, and I know you touched upon the free cash flow growth and - just your latest thoughts there? Have you seen any opportunities without LHX NeXt, et cetera?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks. From a working capital perspective, we certainly want to be effective managers of the capital required to run the business. That being said, we are working on our plan for profitable growth, and that takes some investment. And at times, that means now kind of investing in the business, whether that's CapEx, or working capital to drive those growth opportunities. And we're willing to make those investments. We look at that and we see it as being a part of this free cash flow growth that we drive, probably with growth in operating income, driven by, again, that profitable growth at the top line flowing through, with increasing margins as the biggest contributor to the free cash flow growth, but then also effective working capital management being a part of that. But I want to be clear, we are not short termists in terms of working capital. We think about the health of this business for the long-term, and we make those important and hard decisions to invest. And that is enabled by LHX NeXt, managing every dollar of cost. And as we've made difficult decisions around our workforce, around our infrastructure, around the tools that we're investing in to drive benefits and supply chain. All of those things enable us to make the investments needed to drive profitable growth. So, we feel really good about it. The team certainly knows how to do effective working capital management. But really, the growth in the income profit is the biggest contributor to that growing working - I'm sorry, growing free cash flow that we see.
Peter Arment: Appreciate all the color. Thanks guys.
Christopher Kubasik: Bob, let's take the last question.
Operator: Certainly, we'll take that question now from Jason Gursky at Citi.
Jeremy Jason: Hi guys. This is Jeremy Jason for Jason Gursky today. Thanks for taking me in. I was just wondering if you could provide an update on the trends going on with TDL, Link 16 and your efforts with the proliferated water fighter space architecture programs. You guys have made some like good strides here, and have been investing in facilities to support them. So I was just kind of curious, if things have been tracking as planned? Or what do you think might be next for the company in this area? Thanks.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thanks for the question. We actually just reviewed the TDL business case with our Board of Directors. We're actually a little ahead of the business case that we presented. We successfully moved everything into our Salt Lake City facility. As part of that process, we streamlined the flow in the operations, hours are down, supply-chain leverage improving, and we've received significant orders. There's a product called BATS-D, it's a handheld Link 16 sold the first one in a long, long time or actually lots of them in a while. So we're really happy with the progress we've made there, Link 16 demos and space are going well. And I talked earlier about making acquisitions that align with national defense and security, and being aligned with the budget and the customer. And here's a perfect example, resilient communications. You've heard us say it for years. I'm telling you that's the future. We're in the sweet spot. We have the technology. We got the workforce, we've got the capability, and we're starting to see it pay off. So, I think with that, I'll just wrap up before concluding, and take a moment to acknowledge the efforts of the team, their dedication and innovation continue to drive our success, and transform not only our country, but the industry. This quarter, in particular, we faced significant challenges from tornadoes to hurricanes, yet our teams have consistently risen to the occasion. This resilience of overcoming obstacles is a testament to the strength and adaptability of the workforce, could not be prouder of what we've accomplished together. So despite these challenges, we've made tremendous progress. I'm confident that we're well positioned to build on this momentum in the years ahead. And I thank everybody for joining the call, and we'll talk to you again in January.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Kubasik. Ladies and gentlemen, again, that does conclude the L3Harris Technologies third quarter earnings call. Again, thanks so much for joining us, everyone, and we wish you all a great day. Goodbye.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Danny Gittsovich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you Dan, you may now begin.
Daniel Gittsovich: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me this morning are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Ken Bedingfield, our CFO. Yesterday we published our second quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and guidance. We have also provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website. Today's discussion will include certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. For those of you I haven’t met yet, I am new in this role and look forward to engaging with you in the near future. I'd now like to turn it over to Chris for some remarks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Thanks, Dan and welcome to the IR team and your first earnings call with us. Last month marked the five-year anniversary of the transformative merger between L3 and Harris, and the creation of the industry's trusted disruptor, a proven alternative to both traditional primes and new entrants, focused on relentless innovation to deliver capability with the speed, passion, and determination that our customers demand in executing their most challenging missions. Unlike traditional primes and new commercial entrants, we utilize both commercial and government business models with significant presence in each. We deliver commercial short cycle products, such as software-defined radios. We also execute on critical long-term programs that span the entire life cycle from development to production, including international exports, and ultimately sustainment and support. Our diverse and platform agnostic portfolio enables us to work across the ecosystem as a prime, a sub, or a merchant supplier to deliver the best solutions for our customers and the best returns for our shareholders. Further, as the trusted disruptor, we are actively looking for opportunities to partner with small and large companies where it makes business sense. It was one year ago that we announced the successful addition of Aerojet Rocketdyne to the L3Harris portfolio. This acquisition increases our content on missile platforms and positions us for growth in new markets. A recent example is our role on the missile defense agencies' next-generation interceptor program. This leverages our industry-leading propulsion technology and innovative attitude control systems to defend against long-range ballistic missile threats. We are also integrating legacy L3Harris electronics capabilities. Since closing the acquisition, and as we've discussed on our last two earnings calls, we've made substantial progress in improving the operational performance of the business, and we continue to make investments to increase capacity and drive efficiencies to meet our customers growing demand, including the expansion of key facilities in Arkansas, Alabama, and Virginia. As a result of these combined efforts, we have reduced overdue deliveries by nearly 40% in the past 12 months. Several of you had a chance to visit our inert center of excellence in Huntsville, Alabama, and we know you left with a better understanding of the business and the progress to date. Since the merger, we focused on integrating and shaping the portfolio to align with national security priorities and the future of warfare. We are in the right businesses spanning all domains while earning the highest margins in the industry with further upside potential. Looking forward, we remain committed to meeting the expectations of our customers and creating additional value for shareholders and our second quarter reflects progress towards achieving these commitments. We reported strong financial results for the second quarter, highlighted by segment operating margin of 15.6%, up 80 basis points versus the prior year, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.24 up 9%. These results underscore our focus on execution and driving profitable growth. On the demand side, our pipeline of domestic and international opportunities remains robust, and our total backlog stands at $32 billion. In our communication system segment, we ended the quarter with record backlog of over $6 billion from increasing demand for our resilient communication products. This is driven by DOD and international customers needs for seamless, resilient communications across multiple domains as they face increasingly sophisticated near peer threats. We continue to work with these customers to help them avoid the inherent vulnerability that comes from relying upon commercial communication and satellite network providers for their critical missions. Our tactical communications business continues to see growing international demand for European and NATO allies, totaling more than $1 billion in the near term opportunities, and a continued robust pipeline of greater than $10 billion. Overall, we are continuing to see plenty of opportunity for resilient communications, propulsion, and ISR to highlight a few of our capabilities. We continue to make strides in our operational performance, which is reflected in our expanded margins. Programmatically, we're beginning to realize that benefits of our maturing risk management processes and disciplined bid rigor, as well as the initial benefits of our LHX NeXt Program, and that is showing up in our program results. Our first half performance provides confidence for the remainder of the year, leading us to increase our guidance, which Ken will discuss in more detail. I'm pleased with the progress we're making on our LHX NeXt initiative. In the second quarter, our efforts focused on workforce and infrastructure optimization, including the strategic collaboration for managed services, designed to accelerate the modernization and automation of our IT infrastructure, while reducing cost and transforming how we operate as a business. We've made great progress, and we're ahead of schedule. The next phase of LHX NeXt is centered around the supply chain management and leveraging the scale of our enterprise. This will improve cost, quality, and delivery for our customers, while simultaneously offering our suppliers demand stability and an opportunity to grow along with us. And for us, it means supply chain management will be a competitive discriminator. Turning to capital deployment, as promised we are prioritizing debt pay down, continuing to maintain a competitive dividend, and returning excess capital to shareholders. In the quarter, we returned over $300 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and remain on track to meet our stated 2024 target of approximately $500 million in share repurchases, holding outstanding shares flat year-over-year. Aligned with our national security focus, we recently completed the sale of our antennas business, and expect to finalize the pending divestiture of our commercial aviation business later this year, as we satisfy the remaining conditions to close. And finally, I want to thank the four Board Members who served on our Ad Hoc business review committee. Their recommendations were presented to the Board last week, and we are implementing actions in accordance with those recommendations. The focus was on reviewing our strategy and portfolio, program management, disciplined bidding processes, and LHX NeXt plans. The Business Review Committee executed as per its charter, and as such is now dissolved. As recommendations are appreciated, and as I noted, are being executed in a rapid manner to continue to drive value for shareholders and customers. I'll now turn it over to Ken to provide insight on our second quarter results and 2024 guidance.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris. I'll start with consolidated results for the quarter. Demand remains high, and in the second quarter we were awarded over $5 billion in new awards, resulting in a book-to-bill of $1.0, and total backlog of $32 billion. We were awarded a nearly $900 million contract for the delivery of electronic time fuses, which play a crucial role in replenishing our nation's critical ammunitions inventory. We were also awarded a $1 billion IDIQ contract with an initial task order of $123 million to supply the next lot of multi-functional information distribution systems, jitters terminals to the U.S. Navy, leveraging the unique capabilities of the TDL product line that we acquired last year. Consolidated revenue grew 13% or 1% organically. Operating margins continued to be strong, expanding to 15.6%, up 80 basis points, reflecting improved operational and program performance across all segments with LHX NeXt cost savings contributing. Chris highlighted our EPS growth of 9% as a result of strong operational performance. I'd like to add that on a pension-adjusted basis, second quarter EPS was up 13% as profitable growth drops to the bottom line. Free cash flow was 714 million for the second quarter driven by increased operating income and improved working capital performance. In the quarter, we repaid a $350 million note which helped reduce our net leverage to 3.2 times down from 3.5 times in the previous quarter. By segment, organic growth within our communication system segment was over 4% from higher production rates and deliveries of resilient communication products. Space and airborne systems segment revenue was flat with growth in space systems and classified programs offset by lower volumes in our airborne combat systems business as we focus on negotiating appropriate business terms. Integrated Mission Systems revenue was also flat as higher volumes on maritime programs were offset by lower volume in our commercial aviation business. Aerojet Rocketdyne contributed almost 600 million of revenue for the second quarter. Turning to margins, CS reported margins of 24.4%, down slightly over year, reflecting the timing of software sales and higher DOD revenue mix, which is first half-weighted as we've previously discussed. This was partially offset by LHX NeXt cost savings and the favorable net one-time impact of legal settlements. We continue to expect higher international mix and margin opportunity in the second half. In SAS, margin expanded 280 basis points to 12.6% as we continue to see progress on development programs maturing to production and realize the benefits of our LHX NeXt initiatives. IMS continues to make progress on program performance and LHX NeXt resulting in a margin of 11.9%, a 260 basis point increase versus the prior year. Consistent with a plan to rationalize our footprint outlined at Investor Day, we completed the consolidation of three facilities in this segment in the second quarter. Aerojet Rocketdyne reported margins of 12.9%, which included $22 million of amortization of purchase accounting adjustments. With the acquisition now one year behind us, we are wrapping up the purchase accounting period. With respect to the purchase accounting fair value adjustments for loss provisions and off-market contracts, I'll point out these reflect adjustments to baseline contract performance as of the date of acquisition and are not impacted by our subsequent operational improvements, which we expect to see continuing improvement from in our future margin profile. Simply, the adjustments reflect a more informed assessment of the state of legacy contracts as of the date of acquisition close. Finally, turning to guidance. Given our strong first half performance, we are increasing guidance for revenue, margin rate, and EPS, which we've outlined in our earnings release and presentation. We now expect EPS in the range of $12.85 per share to $13.15 per share, and we are reiterating free cash flow guidance of $2.2 billion. The increased guide for revenue, margin, and EPS incorporates solid growth and operational performance in the first half of the year, and a few more months of additional revenue from our commercial aviation business with the pending divestiture now expected to close in the second half. We're pleased with our performance through the first half of the year, highlighted by a year-to-date book-to-bill of 1.03, organic revenue growth of 3%, and sequentially increasing segment operating margin and sequentially increasing segment operating margin and we remain confident in delivering on our commitments to customers and shareholders. Rob, lets open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning Chris, Ken and Dan, nice results. Ken, maybe just ask on Aerojet, the margin performance in the first half continues to be really strong, but then you compare it to where the guide is for high 11% kind of implies margin step down. Maybe if you could just walk through that or just the thinking there, is it just conservative, or are there other things that maybe you just mentioned that we should understand? Thanks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure, Peter. I appreciate the question. With respect to Aerojet, I would say, look, the business is performing well halfway through the year. We're happy about the margin performance. There's certainly some aspects of mix in terms of which programs are seeing the volumes at which point through the year as well as we performed in the first half, we were able to see some positive program performance that we've got to go do again in the second half of the year. So we feel good about how Aerojet Rocketdyne is performing. And it's been about a year since we've integrated this business, and we're continuing to learn more. I think you saw that the purchase accounting period ended as well. So we've got that kind of information behind us better informed with the improvements that we're making and how we're driving operational improvements in the business. And we'll work to continue to deliver on that in the second half and see if we can replicate what we did in the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much and good morning. Wanted to ask, I guess, Ken and maybe, Chris, as well, when you gave the outlook and the targets at Investor Day it was, I think, about 100 basis points of margin improvement in each business. Now that we've seen starting off pretty well here through the first half of 2024, as you look out, if there are any refinements you might make in terms of how you see getting to that 16% margin and the contributions from the various businesses given how they performed so far and what you've been able to get out of the Aerojet’s next program?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks, Seth. I appreciate it. I would say, as we look back at Investor Day and the midterm financial framework that we set out, growing to $23 billion in revenue in 2026, 16% margins and $2.8 billion of free cash flow in that period. I think where we are today gives us more confidence in delivering to that framework. And if you think about the businesses, they have been performing well. I think we've got the programs performing the work we're doing around, program excellence is paying off. I think that if you look at our guide across the segments where we've picked up SAS margin a bit, same with IMS and CS as well. So -- and then if you look at the business, first half of the year, we're at 15.3% growing from, I think it was 14.8% last year. We're making solid progress towards that 16%. I would say that we feel better about it. And we are trying to reflect that in the guidance updates that we're making again, pickups across three segments. And then picking up margin from where we were kicking off 2024 at about 15% to pick it up to a range of 15.2% to 15.4%. So really making good progress towards that framework. I think we're building confidence quarter-by-quarter. And as we progress through the year and then get into 2025, we'll try to provide better clarity around our progress on that. And again, building confidence and maybe it's something that we'll see some acceleration on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much, good morning.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Good morning Rob.
Robert Stallard: Chris, you highlighted that your margins are some of the best in the defense industry, but at least based on the second quarter numbers, your bookings and your revenue growth are a bit behind some of your peers. I was wondering if that reflects this discipline you've had with regard to bidding terms and contracts in that or is it just -- this is not a fair comparison just for this quarter?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Rob, it's tough to look at one quarter for a bookings or book-to-bill ratio for year-to-date. We're feeling pretty good as to what we've been able to book, had a great first quarter. So one quarter doesn't make a year. I think our portfolio is well positioned, and we're continuing to be disciplined in what we bid. And I think you're seeing that in the results, especially on the margin front. Some of the prior strategic decisions we made to invest and go after prime positions with SDA for satellites, maybe changing our waveform strategy, what we're doing with counter UAS with VAMPIRE winning billable [ph] watch. All those programs are starting to pay off. And as Ken mentioned, we've really upped our program management and execution with training new tools, hiring experienced hires externally where appropriate. And we talk about bidding discipline. Just making sure we have the right contract type. I think we were one of the first to come out and say, we are not going to bid fixed-price development programs with options at the proposal process. And we're doing a lot better, getting the cost basis and asking for a reasonable fee. So we're taking our time, and we're negotiating. And I would expect the third quarter, we'll see a bump relative to the book-to-bill.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning guys. Chris, maybe just a big picture question. We just had the NATO Summit and the Royal International Air Tattoo about a week ago, Farnborough, it really does seem like spending in Europe is on the rise. We've seen that reflected in some of the defense equities in Europe. What opportunity does that create for L3Harris and maybe new markets or things that the European industrial base just can't do themselves. Can you talk about that a bit?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Absolutely. I actually was in attendance at the defense summit as part of the NATO Summit in D.C. with the various Ministers of Defense and international customer leadership. And it was a different tone than in the past. And I think you're hitting on an excellent point. I think most U.S. companies don't view Europe as a growth market or even much of a market because of the indigenous capabilities that exist. But the theme at the NATO Summit was all about interoperability and the need for these countries to either bundle acquisitions or have their products work and with the conflict in Ukraine I think everybody sees the benefit of the interoperability, not only amongst the 32 member countries, which includes the U.S., but given the threat profile in Europe. So in our case, we look at our software-defined radios as a perfect example. I think we're uniquely positioned there and there was a lot of interest in that. And back at the envelope, we think this could be 100,000 radio opportunity in the years ahead. So Europe is one of our larger markets that we're now going after for all the reasons you mentioned, Ron. And I think that's a nice upside for 2024 and it should give us some tailwind in the years ahead.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning Chris, Ken and Dan. So maybe wrapping up on the Ad Hoc business review committee, you mentioned that it completed its review. So can you provide any color to the extended recommendations it made and some of the findings. What is now the implementation plan and how is this different from the multiyear outlook you've given at the Investor Day?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. Thanks for that question, Kristine. I'll just say I thought it was a good review. We all learned from the process, and I'd say all parties, both the members of the Ad Hoc business review committee and management benefited from the discussion and it has no change on our 2026 financial framework. And the ideas, suggestions, and discussions were beneficial, and we're already implementing some recommendations, and we'll continue to do so throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. I was hoping to maybe if you could, Chris, drill into the Communication Systems order trends and backlog as you see it sitting here today in the first six months and also from an international perspective, I think it was about flattish growth in the first half and DoD was more driving it and you're expecting, I think, that to shift in the second half. I'm just curious if the order trends are starting to accelerate on that front?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Myles. As I said, we have about $32 billion in backlog way up from when the company was formed five years ago. I guess I really see three major areas. The DoD modernization we've been talking about for quite some time. And if you go back, there was a basis of issue, what we call BOI to buy 480,000 radios from us and our competitors. To date, we've delivered 180,000. So there's still a 300,000 radio opportunity. And clearly, as these IDIQs have annual task orders we've been rather successful in winning our fair share or more than our fair share. And I expect that to continue. During the pandemic, we actually invested in capacity up in Rochester. We've come up with some new techniques. We have what we call our Smart cell, which is a different way of integrating radios. We've seen our yields improve. We're using a smaller footprint and it's really changing the way that we integrate our radios. We continue to invest in software. We have some new wave forms and I think it's important to remember, these are software-defined radios. So the hardware probably has a 10 to 15-year life. So there'll be a replenishment of that. But more importantly, there's a continuous demand for the software and the upgrade. So the DoD modernization as far as we can see, continues to look good, the budgets will come out and they'll adjust the quantities based on that, but there's clear demand here in the U.S. I mentioned the NATO in an earlier question, again, we see a huge opportunity for NATO with that focus on interoperability, and we continue to have success around the globe with our software-defined radios and the whole focus on resilient comms. I think that's one of the lessons learned. There was a big difference between just being able to communicate and communicate in a resilient, protected fashion in our networks are coming out as world-class in that regard. And I've alluded to our software and waveforms. We're continuing to see demand for our resilient wave forms. And this is one of two markets, it is either an upsell for a new software-defined radio or it's a licensing opportunity for the installed base. So just on CS, we have about a $16 billion pipeline looking out three years. As I mentioned, $10 billion international, the rest domestic. So we feel real good about the business and the growth potential and just to close off, we don't see any supply chain issues or constraints as we have in the prior years, which gives us even further confidence in the outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
David Strauss: Thanks, good morning everyone. I wanted to see Chris, Ken, if you could maybe dig in to IMS margins a little bit. We've seen nice improvement here in the first half, but it looks like you're forecasting kind of flat to maybe down a little bit sequentially off Q2 in the second half. From what I remember from the Investor Day, the commentary was around that you would move through some of these fixed-price development programs in the second half of the year and if anything we would start to see the margin improvement in the second half of the year, so if you could just maybe address IMS margins? Thanks.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, David. Appreciate it. From an IMS perspective, I would say a couple of things. One, we're really happy to see the performance that IMS has had in the first half of the year. I think the programs are performing well, and that's delivering solid margins for us and significant growth over the first half of 2023. In terms of the margin profile between first half and second half, a couple of things. One, we did have some favorable commercial mix in the first half in terms of electro optical, more kind of commercial type of business within IMS. And then we are starting to see the benefits of LHX NeXt cost savings, those should endure as well. But from a first half, second half perspective, I think it's two things. One, just the mix commercial. We are going to see growth in IMS in the second half. We talked a little bit about the first half within IMS, having a little bit of growth headwinds with respect to ISR and some aircraft procurements in the first half of 2023. As that abates we may see some mix that moves a little bit more towards ISR, some of the businesses that aren't as highly profitable as some of the commercial businesses in there. But the fact of the matter is we've got to perform in the second half. I think our guide is solid. At IMS, we picked it up to low to mid 11%. We're sitting at 11.7% year-to-date. So I think building confidence in our IMS team and their ability to perform and biggest impact would be the mix as we look at the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning Chris and Ken. So maybe if we could talk about SAS on the top line and bottom line, what trends are you seeing in terms of ongoing growth in Space and Intel with the offset in airborne combat systems? And how do you think about the timing of airborne stabilizing and any context you could give us on the return hurdles you're deploying to have this disciplined profit fall through?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Alright, Sheila, let me start and then maybe I'll have Ken chime in. Starting with space, again, I think that is the example. We keep holding up of what the benefit of the merger was in our trusted disruptor strategy. As I've said before, we're the only company to have been awarded Tranche 1 and 2 for the tracking layer and the RFI for Tranche 3 just came out. So the timing appears to be a little slower than we would have liked, but we're confident in our ability to continue with the SDA. On the transport layer, we've taken the strategy of being a merchant supplier. So we'll have content on the transport layer as well when that is awarded and the classified continues to be a strength. So space and intel and cyber are the growth markets, those are core competencies for us, and that's where the customer demand is. We also have in there our Mission Network FAA work, which is pretty stable, low single-digit growth. And then again, as you mentioned, the airborne continues to have headwinds as a lot of these missions are moving from air to space. And we continue to have great capabilities on mission systems. So to the extent [indiscernible] is awarded, we have opportunities there, CCA, we have opportunities there. And in the interim, we continue to support F-35, F-16, F-18 and the such. So I think it's a story of space and intel growing and airborne continuing to be flat to down based on our customers' strategies and acquisition approaches. Ken?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes, Sheila, from a margin perspective, I would say as we look at SAS, I think the biggest contributor to margin performance in the first half really has been the implementation of the LHX NeXt program. I think the team there has really embraced the program worked really hard to get their cost structure where it needs to be and think about kind of how we deliver capability as we look forward. Secondly, I would say we did take on, and Chris mentioned a great example of it, which is SDA where we took on some challenging development work. It was a near adjacency moving out of high-resolution weather imagery into missile defense with similar sensors. And as we work through those development programs in 2023 and now we are moving into the production phase, so off of Tranche 0 into Tranche 1, increasing quantities and then starting to see some volume as we move into Tranche 2, I think it's a business model that's really starting to pay off for SAS. So feel good about not just the margin profile but I think importantly, some of the bets that we made, really starting to pay dividends in terms of our ability to perform and I think identifying the right bets to make with our limited resources. So feel good about SAS and in particular, I think, very strategic areas of growth in particular space and the Intel and Cyber business, much of which is classified, but real solid opportunity there, and we see, I think, a solid growing and performing business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe Chris or Ken, just back to Peter's first question on Aerojet. It looks like second half of the year, the guidance implies, I think, maybe a 14% to 18% growth second half over first half. Ken, can you maybe talk about what the drivers are, is that more of the short-cycle volumes, I know you said you were really catching up on the past dues and then if you could just give us what the Aerojet book-to-bill was in the quarter?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. Let me Michael, give a little bit of an overview on Aerojet because it's been a year since we closed and 18 months since we announced the deal. So I like to look at this acquisition, as I said, 18 months ago, strategically, operationally and financially. So I'll give some highlights for the first two and then ask Ken to comment on your specific question. I will tell you, we're not going to disclose book-to-bill by segment at this time. So I appreciate the question, but you're not going to get an answer to that one. But strategically, I think as I've said before, and I'd say, again, I feel much better about this acquisition today than I did 12 months or 18 months ago. And it's clear that the demand is well in excess of the supply and you see that by lots of companies wanting to spend hundreds of millions or billions of dollars to enter this new market. So we are well, well positioned. And I think when I look at our portfolio, this is one of the faster-growing opportunities for L3Harris. Operationally, there were some serious challenges that we've talked about. We've upgraded the talent pretty much across the board. We've doubled our on-time deliveries in 12 months, and we literally have thousands of overdue deliveries that we've cut by 40% in 12 months, our project will be 60% reduced by the end of the year. So we have red yellow green programs. We're getting more and more green programs each quarter. The customer relation is great. The technology is a discriminator. I can go on that longer if someone wants to know, but we have two pulse solid rocket motors. We have liquid and solid divert attitude control systems, Hypersonics is a huge opportunity over the long term. And we're continuing to invest. We're breaking ground in Virginia next week on a new building. We've opened a couple in Camden. We have our hovens [ph] in arriving later this month. We have new mixers coming in by the end of the year. So everything is paying off. We're investing our own money. We're using DoD DPA money, we're using prime co-investment money and it's a great market, and we love working for our primes and supporting them in their ultimate missile deliveries. So I just thought I wanted to give that context as to how much progress we've made in 12 months. Ken, do you want to answer the financial questions?
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Sure. Yes. In terms of the profile, Michael, I would say we've very clearly been focused, and we talked about this on previous calls, I believe, really focused on integrating Aerojet into L3Harris. We've overdelivered, I think, on the integration savings and now the team is really focused on the long-term health of the business, the operational improvements that Chris talked about. And we're really not trying to drive the business for any particular quarter results. I will mention, Aerojet is primarily on the cost-to-cost percentage of completion, basis. And as we look at the second half, we've seen as we're working with the supply chain that we should start to see some deliveries from our suppliers accelerate, which will drive some of the growth in the second half. And as we continue to see that business grow, I think that profile will continue to build for us, not just in the second half of 2024, but into 2025. So I think the business is being positioned very well. And as that work has been done and a great job by the Aerojet team in doing that, I think it really enables us to start to focus on to Chris' point, delivering product, working with the supply base, working on the facilitization, the equipment, the improvements that we're making and using that kind of as a baseline to start to drive the growth and the opportunities that we see in Aerojet. So I feel really good about that. But I would say the biggest thing is just really working with the suppliers and getting the product in the door so that we can get the critical capabilities out to our customers.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Chris, I appreciate the earlier comment on not disclosing book-to-bill by segment, but I always found that disclosure to be pretty helpful when I'm trying to do analysis around what future growth would look like. So I guess is that disclosure something you contemplate bringing back at some point or do you just view it as not being relevant anymore? Thank you.
Kenneth L. Bedingfield: Yes, Scott, it's Ken here. I would say from a growth perspective we're providing guidance for the year by segment. I think we've -- in the Investor Day, given a solid midterm financial framework with our growth of $23 billion in sales. And in terms of kind of how we guide, what we guide, and when we provide information, we're comfortable with the process that we're working through and feel like we've given a good set of transparency with the guidance across each of the segments. And book-to-bill itself can be a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter. I think it's more relevant to think about on a long-term basis, and that's why we're really focused on providing that in annual disclosure. So we don't kind of get lost in the weeds on any particular quarter scenario. But in terms of the question around book-to-bill at Aerojet, I think we've seen an order or two sliding from the first half into the second half but we're still planning to see a real solid book-to-bill for Aerojet for full year 2024.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Jason Gursky: Great, thanks. One quick clarification question for you, Chris, and then I've got one for Ken. On the clarification, Chris, you mentioned that an RFI or maybe you said RFP, I'm not here on Tranche 3 just hit. Just kind of curious what the volume is going to look like on that compared to Tranche 2, whether it's flat, growing or shrinking? And then, Ken, for you, I was just curious to know whether the success that you're having with the cost take outs end up being a little bit temporal on the margin side of things, meaning that over time, you give some of that back. And I was wondering if you can just kind of help us kind of think through whether these margins expansion that you've seen here is just structurally higher or if we're sticking to the longer-term guidance because you're going to end up giving some of this back, the cost savings that is and I suspect this has an impact on revenue as well, particularly on your cost plus contracts, if there's any way you can kind of quantify the impacts of NeXt on margins temporarily and then what it does to your revenue growth, if anything? Thanks.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure. So two-part question. Let me address the what I think was SDA Tranche 3 question first. And there, I think, is an RFI that hit the street, and we certainly don't want to get ahead of our customer in terms of what that looks like. But we are excited to be the only company that's been successful on Tranches is 0, 1 and 2. We will be analyzing that RFI and providing responses and certainly bidding as that RFP comes out. And it looks like maybe what was potentially a late 2024 might not be a 2025 acquisition from the government for that particular one. And from a quantity perspective, I don't have that precise number in front of me, but I think it's either similar to Tranche 2 or I believe the overall quantity is similar to Tranche 2, I guess the ultimate question is, do they continue with 3 providers or move to 2 type of things. So we'll continue to work through that, but feeling really good about it, and I think we're making good progress on that program. In terms of the second part of the question on LHX margin profile, yes, absolutely we are driving the LHX NeXt program for a couple of reasons, one of which is to enable us to deliver margin opportunity, but also to drive value for our customers as well. And that's not just from a cost perspective but also includes schedule as the trusted disruptor, the ability to listen to our customers, and respond quickly and provide capability at pace. But in terms of the specifics with respect to the cost savings, we have estimated roughly that about 40% of the savings will accrue to the company in terms of additional margin opportunities. So against the $1 billion of savings, we talked about essentially $400 million of opportunity from a margin perspective. And we'll certainly work hard to continue to drive up both the amount of the savings, as I think we're executing well on LHX NeXt and moving towards and gaining confidence towards our $1 billion target. So we'll work to make sure we get at least that amount. And then obviously, working to see if we can maintain as much of that as opportunity for margin improvement benefit at the company as well. You may remember at the time of the merger, we did realize I think, something between 50% and 60% of the integration savings. LHX NeXt is a little bit more of an enduring kind of three-year program versus the quicker integration. And because of that, we're projecting that a little bit more of it will accrue back to the government, which is a good thing. It enables us to be more competitive, win more new business as we look forward. But we'll certainly be working to see if we can find ways to realize margin improvements. And it may not be direct improvements out of the program, but as we return cost savings to the programs, and they can think about how they perform better and are able to turn that into future profitability that we can bank down the road for future program performance, we'll certainly think about that as well. So I think the -- at the end of the day, the story is LHX NeXt, we are performing very well. I think we're ahead of schedule. I think we're building confidence, got more confidence today than we did just a quarter ago, and we will certainly work to drive as much of that into margin opportunity as we can. So thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Safran, Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your questions.
Richard Safran: Chris, Ken, Dan, good morning. I dropped off for some reason so if you've answered this, I'll ask something else to ask you. I thought you had some pretty solid free cash flow in 2Q beating expectations. You took up your operational guide but you maintained your $2.2 billion free cash flow guide for the year. Just wondering if you're expecting some working capital headwinds in the second half or maybe baking in some conservatism due to some risk with collections in the second half, so I thought maybe you'd elaborate on that a little more?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Sure, Rich and I appreciate the question and it hasn't been asked previously so we're good on that front. In terms of free cash flow guide, we're at $2.2 billion for the year. And as I think about halfway through the year, we're roughly 25% to our full year guidance. It's certainly not a profile that we are uncomfortable with. It's kind of about where we are normally this far through the year. We've got a fair amount of cash to generate in the second half, but we're comfortable, absolutely reiterating the guidance at $2.2 billion. And I don't think we're expecting any working capital build necessarily in the second half, but we've got to work with our customers, get the payments coming in the door, work with our suppliers, making sure we're paying the term on those fronts. And the way I would characterize it, similar to Jason's question on LHX NeXt is we're building confidence to our guide and maybe as importantly, we're sticking with our guidance in the 2026 financial framework of $2.2 billion in 2024, $2.4 billion in 2025, and $2.8 billion in 2026. And that's kind of the bigger picture that we're thinking about is how we continue to build confidence into that increasing free cash flow as we grow the business. And quite frankly, as we get the net leverage targets where we need to be, hopefully, by the end of 2024, and we start to deploy capital with more -- a little more of a tilt towards share repurchase, really driving our ability to see some free cash flow per share growth as we look out into 2025 and 2026. So feeling really good about it. I think it's a great profile, and I think it's a really solid part of our story with that midterm financial framework. And again, I think we're just building confidence towards that, and I feel really good about it. So thanks for the question, Rich.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Skibitski: Yeah thanks, good morning guys. Hey Chris, going back years to L3, you guys had done a number of niche acquisitions in the unmanned space, especially unmanned maritime. And I believe all those units came over to L3Harris, but we haven't really heard about the focus on unmanned at L3. I'm just wondering, is that still an interesting area for you, I know that DoD is kind of still experimenting, trying to figure things out but is there anything chunky out there contract-wise that you're looking towards or still early days, just want to get your updated thoughts on that whole area?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Peter, great question. The whole undersea and autonomy markets are growth markets for us. I would say on the undersea, what we're seeing more is on the sea beds, the sensors, a lot of classified work, which are not the autonomous ones. We refer to those as grotto and there's a big opportunity coming up almost $1 billion where we're competing. This would be the third opportunity, we won two already. So that could be a real growth engine for maritime. Relative to the autonomy, we still are doing well on the autonomous surface vehicles. I think the Navy is still developing its autonomous strategy and relative to the unmanned undersea, these are relatively inexpensive products. So we continue to invest. We've had great success with our Torpedo launch and recovery using an unmanned undersea vehicle, which is kind of a game changer. But we can highlight it more, but these are literally -- you sell 20, 30, 40 of these. It just doesn't add up to a lot of money, but it's critical to the mission and we should be able to start seeing some export opportunities here in the years ahead. So still part of the portfolio, it is still doing well. Just the price of the products are relatively inexpensive and probably don't roll up to the materiality to talk about them, but we'll try to do more in the future.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Kenneth Herbert: Hey, good morning Chris and Ken. Maybe I wanted to ask Chris on the CS segment, it sounds like there's going to be a nice mix shift for international in the second half. And you called out some pretty substantial opportunities as we think about tactical radios and other aspects of that market. But maybe can you just talk about the competitive landscape and to what extent you're seeing incremental price pressure there on the tactical communications side, in particular, and how you might be thinking about the opportunity to maybe take share, especially in international markets?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes, Ken. Good to hear from you. Domestically, they tend to split the buys, as we've talked about before, 60-40, 70-30 and such, and we're usually the winner of the majority share. But internationally, it is a winner-take-all environment. And generally, we've had great success. And again, these are relatively inexpensive compared to other weapon systems or products out there. So the price is not really that much of a differentiator and pricing strategy, we have a price target. We have -- we know what the costs are and as you know, we get reasonably good margins in this business. So we don't plan on lowering the prices and the customers see the benefit of our technology and again, the interoperability. So we try to cut a fair business deal. But I feel real good about what we're doing. And we've been able to take cost out through our LHX NeXt initiatives. We're getting dual source suppliers. So we don't have single points of failures across the company, but especially in CF and feel real good about this portfolio and the market opportunities. So I think we're going to be in good shape. I'm not going to mention any specific countries, but there's a lot of big opportunities here in Europe that are going through the FMS process and we should have a good second half of the year.
Daniel Gittsovich: Rob, let’s take our last question.
Operator: So the last question will be from Gavin Parsons with UBS.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks, good morning.
Christopher E. Kubasik: Good morning.
Gavin Parsons: Guys, I just wanted to go back to the supplemental if you could give a little additional color. I think you'd said maybe there was going to be some additional radio revenue in there. Is that upside potential through the end of the year or into next year, is that more of a derisking factor for the guide?
Christopher E. Kubasik: Yes. It's built into the guide. And again, it's always hard to predict the actual quantity and timing and the congressional approval process. But a lot of that money for a variety of countries flows our way, either directly in the radios, a little bit on night vision goggles, and then indirectly through the solid rocket motors supporting the primes for the ammunitions. So I think that gives us confidence and stability in our guide. And as you suggest, some of this should roll into 2025 as we make the deliveries in the next 12 to 18 months. So with that, before we sign off, I always like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication. We believe we're truly changing the industry, and I'm proud of what they've accomplished and we've accomplished in the last five years. We're very optimistic about the future, and we look forward to talking to everybody in the months ahead. So thanks for joining the call today. Have a good weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Kratz, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin, Mr. Kratz. 
Mark Kratz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me this morning are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Ken Bedingfield, our CFO. Yesterday, we published our first quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and guidance. We also provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website. 
 As a reminder, today's discussion will include certain constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and our SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. 
 I'd now like to turn it over to Chris. 
Christopher Kubasik: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Since the merger of L3 and Harris 5 years ago and after strategic acquisitions and targeted divestitures, we have built a company with a national security focus. We have critical technologies in all domains that align to national security priorities and the global threat environment. Responsive space, resilient communications and rocket motors are critical for the future fight. The trusted disruptor strategy and our portfolio are setting the stage for L3Harris to differentiate ourselves with top line growth while simultaneously increasing our industry-leading margins. 
 The global security environment continues to be one with heightened tensions and regional conflict. Domestically, Congress recently passed the 2024 Appropriations Bill, which included $844 billion for defense. Our programs are well funded, and we are positioned for profitable growth across much of the enterprise. Demand remains strong for our products and solutions as we started off the year with a 1.06x book-to-bill ratio.
 Internationally, we continue to see a strong and geographically diverse pipeline of opportunities. As an example, we were recently awarded a $150 million program to provide secure networking to Taiwan, displacing a long-time incumbent. This win is an integral part of our interoperability and supports the CJADC2 mission. 
 Turning to tactical radios. We maintain a robust international pipeline of over $10 billion, including several FMS cases, primarily for Europe, totaling more than $1 billion. These opportunities, along with the continued strong backlog, give us confidence in an international tactical radio ramp in the second half of the year. Other international opportunities are supported by the DoD's supplemental funding, particularly in Ukraine. 
 Earlier this week, the President signed a foreign aid package for Ukraine, Israel and Taiwan that includes $67 billion in funding for key defense programs. L3Harris has been a key supplier in Ukraine since the start of the conflict, and the need for this equipment remains strong. 
 Our products are being used in theater and exceeding expectations. The supplemental bill will provide our allies access to needed capabilities while at the same time support the U.S. defense industrial base, including small and midsized businesses. With the bill just recently passed, we will give you more information during the next earnings call on the incremental opportunities that it provides. Our workforce is proud to support our country and its allies around the globe. 
 Turning to 2024. Our strong first quarter results reflect improvement across our diverse set of programs and products. We're executing on our contracts and improving cost and schedule performance, which helped drive net positive EACs for the second consecutive quarter. In our product businesses, we are improving quality and driving higher on-time deliveries. 
 Turning to programs. I see development risk abating. This is not to say that we're out of the woods on all of our development programs, but the business is performing well and the disciplined bidding focus and programmatic rigor is starting to pay off. LHX NeXt cost savings are also starting to contribute, and we see that benefit accelerating in 2024 and 2025. 
 Ken will cover the financials in more detail, but I wanted to highlight that revenue was up double-digit year-over-year and operating income was up $150 million, resulting in margins expanding 80 basis points to 15.1%. Given the strong start to the year, we are raising our 2024 margin EPS and revenue guidance while reaffirming our free cash flow commitments. 
 At our Investor Day, we committed to $1 billion in LHX NeXt gross cost savings by 2026, focused on optimizing our workforce infrastructure and supply chain. The initiative will enable us to maintain our industry-leading margins while investing in technologies, tools and systems to support our customers and employees. We are accelerating our LHX NeXt activity in 2024. And earlier this month, we implemented a workforce reduction that will result in about 5% fewer people than when we began the year. With these reductions, we are focused on eliminating noncore processes, streamlining our organizational structure to maximize efficiency and rightsizing our physical footprint. 
 To summarize. Our actions to date have put us ahead of our gross run rate savings target of $400 million by the end of the year. There's more work to do, and I am confident in our LHX NeXt leadership team and know that our collective efforts will yield the $1 billion savings target, as previously committed. 
 Operationally, we continue to make progress within our Aerojet Rocketdyne segment. Since closing the acquisition, we've implemented processes and tools, which have helped reduce late deliveries by 20%. We've returned multiple programs back to green, and we continue to work with our customers and the DoD to accelerate and improve deliveries of these critical products and to support future growth. 
 Aligned with that growth, it was recently announced that we were selected to be the primary propulsion provider for the Missile Defense Agency's next-generation interceptor. We anticipate this to be a multibillion-dollar opportunity over the life of the program. 
 Outside of operations, our finance team saw an opportunity to refinance some variable rate debt and replace it with fixed rate notes, saving 150 basis points. On capital deployment. We increased our dividend for the 23rd consecutive year, and we were able to get back into the share repurchase market in Q1, executing about half of the 2024 share repurchase target. We expect about $1 billion in gross proceeds from the previously announced divestitures, which will largely be used to reduce our leverage below our 3.0 target ratio. 
 We remain focused on achieving the financial framework we laid out at Investor Day, and our first quarter results are a solid step forward towards delivering on our commitments. 
 I'll now turn it over to Ken to provide additional perspective. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris. Let's start with consolidated results for the quarter. We reported solid gains of $5.5 billion, including over $900 million for SDA tracking Tranche 2, nearly $150 million for U.S. Marine Corps and SOCOM handheld tactical radios, and an international award for a NATO country for missionized business jets that leverages our domestic ISR capabilities. 
 Backlog remains at over $32 billion and supports margin expansion opportunity as we move forward given operational improvements and recent bidding discipline. Revenue grew 17% and 5% organically with growth in 3 of our 4 segments. Revenue at IMS reflects aircraft procurements in Q1 '23, resulting in lower sales in Q1 2024. As Chris mentioned, operating margins expanded to 15.1%, up 80 basis points from improved operational and program performance while also starting to see the benefits of LHX NeXt. 
 EPS grew 7% to $3.06 per share primarily from segment operating margin performance, partially offset by higher interest expense and lower pension income. On a pension-adjusted basis, first quarter EPS was up over 10%. Free cash was an outflow of $156 million as first quarter cash flows are typically the lowest of the year. As you will recall, we derisked 2024 cash taxes at the end of '23, and we remain confident in delivering free cash flow growth this year to $2.2 billion. 
 I'd now like to turn to some segment details for the quarter. I highlighted earlier that revenue grew 17% from the acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne and organic growth in our SAS and CS segments as we continue to see strong demand for Space Systems and Tactical Communications businesses. 
 On margins. We drove operational improvements throughout each of our 4 segments. In SAS, we are making progress on development programs, including the recent launch of 5 L3Harris missile-tracking satellites as part of the SDA tracking Tranche 0 and HBTSS programs. With these space investments and risk largely behind us, we are beginning to realize the benefits of the new growth areas and maturing processes as we move forward. These efficiencies were a contributing factor in expanding SAS margins by 100 basis points in the quarter. 
 We made progress on program performance, resulting in a $75 million improvement in net EACs versus the first quarter of 2023. These were driven by improvements in all segments as our focus on operational rigor continues to pay dividends. This was most prominent in our CS segment, where the Integrated Vision System sector saw stronger results. The Tactical Data Link business continues to perform well as we realize synergy benefits of a consolidated business within our broadband communications sector. And in Tactical Communications, which drove solid results with an increased level of lower-margin DoD deliveries, we anticipate it will continue through the first half of the year. 
 On capital allocation. Our plan remains the same. We will continue to focus on deleveraging the balance sheet before we look at opportunities to accelerate share repurchase beyond offsetting dilution. During the first quarter, we returned over $450 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 Moving on to 2024 guidance. We are tightening our revenue range of $20.8 billion to $21.3 billion, while we reaffirm our free cash flow commitment of $2.2 billion. We are increasing total company margin guidance for the year to greater than 15% versus prior guidance of approximately 15%. This increase is most notable in SAS, where we now expect margins of approximately 12%, up from prior guidance of mid- to high 11%. Outside of operations, we are also updating our guidance for pension income. At the end of last year, we combined the acquired Aerojet Rocketdyne pension assets with our own. Our actuarial update is more positive than our new outlook, so we have updated those figures accordingly. 
 Lastly on guidance. We are increasing our earnings guidance to a range of $12.70 to $13.05 per share, up from prior guidance of $12.40 to $12.80. From a modeling perspective, I would continue to point out that our CS segment will have a heavier DoD tactical mix in the first half that has less margin opportunity than international programs. Interest expense will also remain elevated in the second quarter. Both trends should reverse as we make our way into the second half of the year, along with a second half-weighted free cash flow profile. Overall, a good start to 2024, and we remain focused on executing to deliver on commitments to our customers and our shareholders. 
 With that, let's open the line for questions. Rob? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Chris, I wanted to ask, you have the trusted disruptor strategy, and you've talked about you've been trying to prime more and kind of growing the profile and the size in the sector and that's been working to a degree. Now that we're seeing, I think, some new entrants in the space, try the same thing and maybe have a little more success than they've had in the past, how do you think about that? I mean does that crowd that effort for you? Or is the pie big enough for multiple companies to do that? And then, Ken, just one clarification on the LHX NeXt. Will you -- will all of that be adjusted out of earnings? And is all of that cash or some of that noncash? 
Christopher Kubasik: All right. Noah, thanks for the question. Yes, I think our strategy is working, as I said, and the portfolio is well aligned. Relative to the pie between the supplemental and the fiscal year '24 budget, we're well over $900 billion. So I think there's plenty of DoD funding. 
 Relative to the new entrants, which sometimes I like to think of us as one since we're 5 years old, but I know where you're going with your question. We've taken the approach to team and work collaboratively with these new entrants at the highest level. So a lot of the new entrants tend to be a little more software-focused. I think the traditional, including ourselves, are a little more hardware-focused. So we're working collaboratively. 
 There's been some recent awards in Q1 where we are actually a subcontractor to a new entrant that want a significant program. And sometimes, they work under us. So I would say we're embracing them and working collaboratively with them. And of course, I've talked about our Shield investments in the past and working with those venture capital companies who are much smaller but also have great technology. So I think it's working, and that's been our approach. Ken? 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. No, from an LHX NeXt perspective, we are adjusting out the implementation costs of the program and certainly then trying to leverage the benefits of LHX NeXt in the businesses. We talked about what that target looked like for 2024, and the businesses are off working hard to operationalize that and reflect that benefit in their performance. And I think you're starting to see that here in the first quarter. And then from a cash perspective, we're primarily just adjusting out the cash severance costs related to the program. And you'll see all that reflected in the schedules to the earnings release. 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Look, we've gotten the feedback relative to our disclosures. So under Ken's leadership, we're trying to cut back on these onetime non-GAAP adjustments and be much more transparent. So I think it will be all laid out clear for you to analyze. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. 
Peter Skibitski: Chris, how does the win on NGI with your partner, how does that impact your outlook for Aerojet? And also considering as you mentioned, the fiscal '24 supplementals, do you get more bullish about your ability to hit that $26 billion target -- $23 billion, I should say? 
Christopher Kubasik: $23 billion and $26 billion? Yes, absolutely. No, NGI, which is designed to protect the U.S. against evolving long-range ballistic missile threats, is a huge win for the OEM. We were a merchant supplier, as I've talked about before, on both teams. So this definitely gives us a tailwind.
 When we looked -- I went back and looked at our deal model, this really was not factored in when we made the acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne. So from that perspective, it's going to be accretive, at least, to our own internal goals. Aerojet Rocketdyne is a great technology, especially with the large solid rocket motors. But the quantities are still to be determined. It's going to start as a development program.
 We're in discussions, obviously, with the Prime. We haven't actually been awarded and signed a contract yet. But as you saw in the media, we were selected as a propulsion provider. So it's very exciting. And again, I think it will be a slower ramp as you would imagine. But '25-'26 time frame, I think we'll start to see the revenue hit our financials. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. 
Kristine Liwag: Since you formed a new Business Review Committee back in December, can you give us any color on how progress has been? What are the key areas that have come under focus? And how this compares to your LHX NeXt pipe initiatives as well?  Do they overlap? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, Kristine, it's Chris. We did set up the ad hoc Business Review Committee of the Board comprised of 4 Board members, as you saw. We've been meeting a couple of times a month for a few hours each. And we brought through a variety of topics that have been laid out in the charter that we filed in the 8-K.
 I would say from anything from operations, we've looked at the programs, they've reviewed the program review process, the bidding process, the LHX NeXt strategy and goals. They've reviewed the portfolio, our capital deployment strategy. And we're just kind of checking through the items in the charter. Some topics are one meeting, some topics are 2 meetings. I feel like we're about halfway through the process, maybe a little more.
 And then probably middle of the year or so, the BRC will report out to our Board of Directors with observations and recommendations and findings. So I'd say it's been a very collaborative process. I think it's been good for the company, and it's a good way to orient some new Board members quickly about the company and what we're trying to accomplish. So I'd say all is going well to this point. So more to come. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Gavin Parsons with UBS. 
Gavin Parsons: Wanted to ask on the nearly 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. If there's a way to parse that out between the drivers? I know a lot of them go hand in hand, but how much of that is NeXt versus EACs, repricing for inflation, mix and so on? Just if there's a way to think about what the drivers were in buckets. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Gavin, it's Ken. I would say that we're seeing improvement in the kind of the high-level buckets across the board. I would say we're seeing some mix benefits in terms of, as Chris mentioned, kind of moving out of some of the development phase of contracts and into some of the more mature phase.
 From a mix perspective, we are seeing some of the areas of the business that are a higher mix of cost-plus growing. So as an example, space within SAS was a strong grower and has a bit of a higher cost-plus mix. So that kind of works the other way a little bit.
 But we are seeing some of the disciplined bidding start to come through in terms of confidence in our ability to perform as well as price discipline and then just performing on our programs and certainly LHX NeXt contributing. And I wouldn't want to put numbers on each of the individual buckets. But largely, as we think about kind of how you bridge from last year to this year for the most part, each of those major buckets are contributing. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. 
Peter Arment: Chris and Ken, you've made a lot of progress already on -- starting on LHX NeXt. And I think about 1/3 of it is tied to your gross saving targets, is tied to labor reductions. You recently made an announcement there. If you could just give us a little more color on how you think things will evolve on what's optimal for LHX and then in related to all the actions that you've been taking. Also on portfolio shaping, just in terms of any future kind of thoughts that you've had on further shaping the portfolio. 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No. Thanks, Peter. So yes, the workforce is probably the quick hitter for what we need to do for LHX NeXt. And as you said, that got us about 1/3 of the way there. The next part is going to be a little more timely and a little more complicated. And the facilities, I think, are going to be a key part of it.
 Looking at the infrastructure. We have a goal of getting from 275 facilities down to 200. We have about 7 or 8 that we've identified that we'll start the process here in the second quarter. So that will have a little bit of cost to move and relocate and consolidate, but these would be smaller entities that the business case is better to consolidate into a larger facility.
 We're continuing to reduce our ERP systems. We've invested in some technology called the unified data layer to get us access by laying on top of all of our systems to be able to get data more quickly. And then, of course, we talked about the initiatives in IT. Ultimately getting, believe it or not, from 98 data centers -- I'm sorry, 85 data centers down to 2. So that's the infrastructure. That's going to take some time, and that's why it's going to lead into 2025 and 2026.
 We've already kicked off with the indirect procurement. We've effectively outsourced that, taking advantage of the buying power of that enterprise. So that's both a combination of price and quantity. So we're tracking to that. And then ultimately, we called it the supply chain, but it's really beyond the supply chain. It's the integration of all the functions that are critical to our products with the overall goal of reducing the cost of our products. So there's an engineering component, there's clearly a supply chain component, contracting and such. So that process is ongoing, but that's where we're going to get the next $600 million or so of savings.
 To your question on portfolio shaping. As you know, we have 2 that are in process. I'll just give you an update there. The antenna business, which we announced, a couple of hundred million dollars that's tracking to close the middle of this year, second quarter to be specific. And then our commercial aviation is going to be more in the second half of the year. That'll give us the $1 billion of proceeds.
 Relative to the rest of the portfolio, we're just taking a hard look at that. We're going to be able to hit our leverage ratio based on these 2. And to the extent we can get a good price for what we've identified as noncore, we'll do it. But too many of the offers are coming in low, and people think we're desperate to sell, and I can assure you, we're not. So we need to get better valuations before we proceed on other transactions. Otherwise, we'll keep and run the business and go forward from there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citigroup. 
Jason Gursky: Chris, would you spend a few minutes kind of walking around the Communications business? And maybe give us some updated thoughts since you last reported out on the funding environment. We've had fiscal '24 that got passed; '25, they got introduced. We've had some supplementals as well. And just kind of give us your take on how this plays out over the next couple of years and maybe offer up some comments on Link 16 and the expected refresh of all that hardware and when that kind of hits. Just what have we learned here over the last couple of 3 months on the Communications business? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Jason. So let me start with Link 16. Again, we have a footprint on 20,000 platforms, and then there's variations of Link 16 and other data links that we've developed that are going to be able to go into those platforms or footprint. So I think we're starting to see that. Our ultimate goal was to get Link 16 into space.
 I can tell you for the SDA transport opportunities that are coming up, our team is going to be a merchant supplier. And as of now, it looks like we're going to be on all the teams providing Link 16-type capability and space. So we're excited about that.
 Relative to the Communication Systems, I want to reiterate the opportunity that we won in Taiwan, $150 million for networking, which was a cross-company win led by our Communications segment. So that's a big deal for us. And as I mentioned, it really supports the CJADC2 initiative that our country has been talking about for quite some time.
 Relative to the radios, I mean, this is just absolute good news. I know we've been talking about modernization, not only here in the U.S. but globally. And as I mentioned, we have 6 FMS cases that are currently going through the process, through the system in Europe. The backlog is going to be record backlog. Even in Q1, we were able to get the marine and the SOCOM radio orders booked.
 And there's a certain capacity and ability to deliver out of our Rochester facility, And it really comes, to be honest, how quickly we can get these supplemental funds under contract and approved and delivered. And with our trusted disruptor strategy, our business model actually allows us to potentially deliver radios within a week of getting the contract, depending on the configuration in the country.
 So the way I look at it, we have high confidence in the guidance we've given. We clearly have the second half ramp up. But which countries will get which radios will really be a factor of when the funding turns into a contract. And those that don't get signed and delivered in 2024 will clearly be 2025. So just feel better about the business in a huge way. And again, the products, our in-theater being tested daily, and they're working and exceeding expectation. And the whole focus on resilient communications is paying off. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Herbert: Chris and Ken, maybe just a 2-part question. First, on the Communications segment. You, obviously, did 24% margins in the first quarter. The guidance implies some slight ramp in the second half, but it clearly sounds like with international mix and maybe a little bit of a depressed second quarter, there could be some upside to that. Can you just talk about if there's anything onetime in the segment in the first quarter? And any puts and takes there we should think about as we think about the second quarter? 
 And then just -- or the second half of the year. And then just at a higher level, obviously, international seems to be a growing business, maybe faster than the U.S. Can you just talk about longer term, the margin impact of the international opportunity within the CS segment but then more broadly? 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. I'll take that one. So the first part of the question on CS margins. We delivered 24% margin in the first quarter, which I think was great performance by the CS team. And that does reflect a higher domestic mix than we saw late in '23 as well as a higher domestic mix than we expect to see in the second half of '24.
 We did guide low to mid 24% margin for CS for '24. And I think what we're trying to communicate is that we expect the domestic mix to be kind of consistent in the second quarter with the first quarter. Solid performance could yield similar results. But in driving that margin up to the low to mid 24% for the full year, we are looking at some international opportunities to realize some additional margin benefit as we think about that kind of full year impact. And I think -- so that's what we're trying to communicate on CS margins from a Q1 and full year '24 perspective.
 And then from the international side. Clearly, as Chris talked about in his prepared remarks and in response to Jason's question, a lot of international opportunity at certainly the CS segment. But as we look beyond that as well, we see international opportunity, in particular at IMS and certainly, the other segments have international components to their business. We don't necessarily track some of the ultimate end customer quite as closely in some of those. But the international margins tend to be stronger across the board.
 In my remarks, I talked about an ISR program by a NATO country. We would expect that would have strong margins as we, again, think about how we make those deliveries to our international allies and our country's partners, and recognizing the different risks and channels that come with those programs that should you perform, and we expect to be able to perform, will generate higher margins for the business. So we do see that continuing to move into the business.
 I will comment, CS clearly is the kind of the quickest-turn segment, the shorter-cycle segment in terms of ability to take international orders and turn it into sales. So just an example, that ISR program we talked about will be a multiyear program, and we'll see that kind of move into the revenue over a bit more time. But with that, I'll turn it to Chris for a few more comments. 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, Ken. Just as a reminder, we're in the low 20% of our revenue comes from international customers, and part of our margin improvement strategy is to grow our international business. And just as a reminder, about half of that is foreign military sales, which has margins consistent with the DoD work for the most part, and the other half is direct commercial sale. And that's where we tend to have the higher margins. But as Ken said, more international is synonymous with higher margins, and that's where our focus is. These supplementals are a big step in the right direction. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. 
Gautam Khanna: Can you hear me, guys? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, we can. 
Gautam Khanna: Terrific. I just had 2 quick questions. First, I was wondering if you could give us more granularity on the RF tactical backlog book-to-build trends. You mentioned something on SOCOM. And if you could just talk a little bit about overall mix this year and perhaps next in that business? And then I had a question on IMS EACs and if those have turned positive? And if not, what sort of still holding that segment back with respect to kind of the profit accruals? 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. From a tactical radio perspective, I would say we're -- had a solid bookings order in the quarter. We've got a very solid backlog for that business at this point in time, looking at a multibillion dollar backlog in that business. And for a pretty quick turn, our shortest-cycle business, that is a very robust backlog at this point in time. So we're excited about the opportunities.
 I would say the Marine Corps and SOCOM opportunity is a great one as we continue to expand that partnership with that very important customer for the business. We were also down-selected for the Air Force Next Gen Survival Radio, which is a great opportunity for that business to expand into a new market as well.
 And then clearly, the supplemental as Chris mentioned, and the international opportunities, so I think a huge opportunity in terms of really strong backlog at the Tactical Communications business. And as Chris mentioned, a great business model that enables them to kind of turn that factory pretty quick to deliver the radios to appropriate customers as needed based on critical demand and critical needs on the battlefield.
 At IMS, in terms of -- I think the question was about EACs. And I would say that as we talked about in the prepared remarks, every segment performed better from a net EAC perspective. IMS was a part of that, significantly better performance than Q1 '23. IMS is our longest-cycle business, and it takes a while to kind of turn those programs and the operations and get everything working through the system. I think IMS had great performance in the first quarter at 11.4%, working towards the guidance that we put out there for IMS for full year '24.
 And strong performance on their programs, I think really starting to stabilize both the operations in terms of rates, realizing some of the benefits of LHX NeXt as well as all the hard work that the sectors within IMS segment are doing to deliver on their programs. So we're really excited about kind of the stabilization and the continued strong performance as we look out into the remaining quarters of '24. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Research Partners. 
Richard Safran: Chris, Ken, Mark, I wanted to ask 2 things about Stand-in Attack. It was an opportunity for to be prime. And correct me if I'm wrong, I think you decided to no bid. We're hearing a lot more about too much risk being pushed to industry. One of your competitors just talked about adjusting for that in their bids. So I was curious about what your thinking is about bidding going forward. And what's the next opportunity for you to be prime? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Richard. I think I've been pretty consistent on the -- on our bidding strategy. We talked about the bidding discipline. It's been referenced a few times. There's 2 things going on there. A lot of people in this industry sending an inordinate amount of time and money trying to focus on a price-to-win strategy and hiring outside consultants. And we kind of find that interesting but irrelevant, so we've taken a different approach. 
 What is our labor? What is our supply chain? What is overhead? And what's a reasonable fee? We add that up, and that's the bid we put in. And if it's deemed too high, we move on. And if it's appropriate based on our past performance and capabilities, we book the order. So that's a little bit of a change here over the last year or so.
 But more importantly is bidding the right types of contracts. And I think in Stand-in Attack weapon, it was a fixed-price contract for development, again, with fixed priced options. And we will not bid any programs where we are asked to give a fixed price on an option for a product that's yet to be developed. It's just plain and simple common sense. I think there are some people in the department that agree with me, and maybe there are others that don't. But you see what happens. In most of these negative EACs across the industry, when you do a root cause corrective action, more times than not, it's a bad contracting vehicle. Nobody is perfect, and there are performance issues, but you cannot perform of a bad contract. And that's what we're trying to do, I guess, on next opportunities to prime.
 I mean we have -- and again, we take an approach where is the best approach, either be a merchant supplier or a subcontractor or a prime based on our capabilities and what the customer needs.
 There was an Armed Overwatch. We've been successful there. We just got the delivery order 3. So we're up to 25 aircraft already. HADES, which is a big opportunity for the Army. It's the High Accuracy Detection and Exploitation System. It's basically up to 14 aircraft. We're bidding a global 6,500. This aligns clearly with our ISR and other capabilities. So that would be a big win for us. We have some maritime, undersea ranges where we've primed, and there's some follow-on opportunities, a bunch in classified space. I usually get a space question for now, but I'll just plug that we had no satellites in orbit at the date of merger. 
 We launched 6 in the quarter, and we've been awarded 60 SATS as prime, and there's more in the pipeline. So those come to mind just off the top of my head. And of course, we have a lot of opportunities at Aerojet Rocketdyne. And those are follow-on, but those are not prime programs. So I guess, SDA. I was thinking SDA Tranche 3 for tracking. As you know, we're the only company to have been awarded Tranche 0, 1 and 2 for a total of 38 satellites. We should get an RFP in the fourth quarter for Tranche 3, and that could be another 18 satellites. So hope that helps, Richard. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. 
David Strauss: I wanted to ask about the performance in the quarter. I think well above your full year guidance. So how are you thinking about that? And then if you could just touch on 2 programs out there in the press a lot where you're a supplier, F-35 Tier 3. And then how you're [indiscernible] those. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. Appreciate it. I think you were breaking up a little bit, but I believe the question was about SAS performance in the quarter. And solid performance by the SAS team in the first quarter, 12.3% margin rate. And they are performing well on their programs. We talked a little bit about some of the drivers there, including maturing some of the development programs. And we also talked a little bit about the mix. And as space continues to grow, that's a little more cost-plus mix. That could temper a little bit of the margins in the last 3 quarters of the year.
 But we did update guidance for SAS to approximately 12% on the margin rate. They were 12.3% in the first quarter, some upside from EAC adjustments. And as we saw strong program performance, you've got to kind of book that in the quarter.
 You do -- it does result in a higher booking rate as you move forward, but you do pick up some cume catch adjustment that flows through in that 90-day period versus the full year impact where that gets tempered a little bit. But we're very confident in the team at SAS, and we're confident in the guide that we put out there for approximately 12%. And I know the SAS team is out there working hard as we speak to try to figure out how to drive that up from there. 
Christopher Kubasik: And I think second part of your question was F-35. Our production deliveries are tracking. We have a ramp coming up in production here starting next month. So we continue to have good relations with Lockheed. In fact, I was just talking to them yesterday. They'll be starting to deliver aircraft, as you know. They'll comment on that themselves. But as they start delivering aircraft, we're going to have to ramp up even further and quicker. And that's our plan. We've made the investments in most of the infrastructure we need. So continued improvement month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter. And it's all about the core processor, and that's where the focus of the team is. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo. 
Matthew Akers: Chris, I wonder if you could comment on the international pipeline at IMS in particular. You mentioned the award in the quarter, but just curious if orders are kind of starting to move there. 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I mean at IMS, we did get the NATO Electronic Attack Aircraft. And this -- we were thinking back on this not that long ago. I mean this is something about 8 years ago, 9 years ago. We talked about disrupting the market, and I always give the space example. But it feels like we pretty much invented and created this biz jet ISR market. We have over 50 biz jet orders in the last 8 or 9 years on 5 different platforms.
 So we have this one opportunity that I mentioned in Europe, NATO country. There's some longer-term opportunities kind of in the Mid East. These things take a year or 2 to get booked. So the biz jet market for electronic attack, ISR, whatever capabilities, are still out there. There's a huge opportunity in the Far East that we're on our third bid relative to being down-selected. So that could be a couple of billion dollars in 2025. So very excited about that.
 Armed Overwatch, we're starting to get interest from international customers. Once we start making deliveries later this year or early next year, I think that market is going to pick up from the aircraft side. And we still have some C130 capabilities that I believe have some international opportunities.
 Maritime, we're doing a lot of work with Australia. So we continue to see opportunities there as well. Viper Shield is actually out of SAS, but great capability on F-16 EW. So I see that growing as well. And then, of course, WESCAM with the turrets, that's just a high-growth market with opportunities pretty much all over the globe. 
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yes. Chris, maybe I'll just add real quick on to that in terms of Armed Overwatch, so beyond biz jets at IMS. We did get a delivery order 3 on that program for 9 aircraft, I think, bringing the total order to 25. And to your comments, I think as that program matures, gives us greater confidence in the international opportunities for that aircraft. So looking to the building confidence on that one. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. 
Sheila  Kahyaoglu: In the past, you guys have talked about revenue synergies with a lot of discussion today focused on LHX NeXt, which is clearly great because your profit was up over 20%. So Chris, you mentioned Taiwan, and you won a bid over a 20-year incumbent. Maybe is there any way to think about potential share gains and investment? What it means for the revenue top line outlook over the next few years? I know you laid out mid-single-digit targets, but how do we think about your revenue growth and market share gains? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Sheila. We're being selective in where we invest and bid. And if I look at the different domains, I think space is a perfect example where we are absolutely taking a market share. And as I said earlier, we've been awarded 60 satellites as a prime just since the merger, including 38 for SDA tracking alone.
 And there's -- it's a hot market. But every couple of weeks or months, you can pick up a paper and see there's one less company in this market, a lot of [ SPACs ]. A lot of companies are withdrawing from that market. And we take that as a sign of our success. We're making money and we've disrupted the market. So I feel really good about what we've done in space.
 The airborne domain, I think it's really going to be more with -- what I referenced with the business jets. Maybe Armed Overwatch, to a lesser degree, where again, we're filling in gaps and replacing long-term incumbents are giving them different platforms, with better capability for the missions that they want.
 Our maritime work on the undersea ranges is world-class. Again, you go back 6 years, we had no work in that regard, and we found an opportunity to unseat a long-term 40-year incumbent and came up with a different solution. And it's been well received around the globe, as an example.
 We've talked historically about our torpedo launch and recovery system using unmanned undersea vehicles. That market is a hot market, in my opinion. We just have to get out there and get a couple of customers, and I think that could be a real game changer for our undersea business.
 On the radios. We talk about the radios, a lot of good work there. An exciting one that we haven't really talked much about is for the Air Force, which is the Next Gen Survival Radio. So we're 1 of 2 companies competing on that. And in a couple of years, we could be down-selected a new market. And another example, dislodging a long-term incumbent.
 And then, of course, innovation in cyber. There's something going on there every day, and you kind of have to innovate daily to stay ahead of the threat. And we're doing that and seeing good growth and good performance in that domain as well. So I hope that answers your question. 
Operator: Our last question is from Doug Harned with Bernstein. 
Douglas Harned: Chris, when -- I mean, right now, you're looking at Aerojet Rocketdyne, and demand in that market is just getting better and better. And you talked a little bit about the NGI win earlier. But when you look at the demand there, and I think back to -- I remember a year ago talking with you about the situation at Aerojet Rocketdyne, Camden, for example, and how serious the bottlenecks were in trying to get production up?
 So when you look at the business now, can you see the potential to ramp up? Can you talk about what kind of growth you could potentially get from that business? And then where you stand in the process of being able to get those bottlenecks out and really move production higher? 
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Doug, great, great question. And yes, it was about 16 months ago when we announced this acquisition. And I think I agree with you. When I look at where we are now, the business case gets better and better. The demand, there was no conflict in Israel. People thought Ukraine would be done. Nobody anticipated a $900 billion of defense spending for 2024.
 So the tactical missiles, the nuclear deterrent, NGI, just tons of opportunities on SRMs. Over the long term, call it 5, 7 years, double-digit growth on the top line does not seem unreasonable to me. We have to, of course, invest in the capacity. The bottlenecks, some of them are based on low yields and performance and supply chain. I think we've made good progress in that regard, investing in our suppliers, getting additional suppliers.
 I continue to think the more money the government can give to the supply chain, the better off we are. I continue to believe we don't need an additional solid rocket motor prime. What we need is someone working on the igniters, the nozzles and the cases. And I think that would help unlock the potential.
 We've ordered equipment to continue to expand, whether it's mixers, ovens. They, unfortunately, tend to have a 50-, 60-week lead time, but we've placed those orders. And once we get that in, I think it's going to be -- help with the ramp. We have DPA money to build some buildings, take existing facilities and modify them. So the consolidation and [ piece ] dividend and Budget Control Act for a decade kind of stifle the ability for companies to invest and grow and inconsistent demand signals.
 But right now, I think everything is a potential tailwind. And we'll have the factories digitized by the end of this year, and we're making the investments and fixing the processes. So pretty excited about it. And 2024 is kind of catch up and continue to burn down the delinquent backlog and simultaneously invest and put in processes. But I think by the time we get to 2026, 2027, if all stays as is, it's going to really turn out to be a great acquisition.
 So I appreciate the question, Doug. And let me just wrap it up. And first of all, thank the workforce and the leadership team for a great first quarter. Obviously, thank you all for joining the call today. And Ken, Mark, myself and the team will be engaging with many of you in person in the months to come. 
 So thank you all, and have a great weekend. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies' Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the opening remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Kratz, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Mark Kratz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me this morning are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Ken Bedingfield, our CFO. We've updated our quarterly earnings approach based on feedback and yesterday evening, we published our fourth quarter earnings release detailing our financial results and guidance. We've also provided a supplemental earnings presentation on our website. As a reminder, today's discussion will include certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our earnings release and SEC filings. We also discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to GAAP measures in the earnings release. Specifically, I will note, segment operating income, which excludes items such as impairments to goodwill and other assets reported at the business segment level. I would now like to turn it over to Chris and Ken for some opening remarks.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and welcome, Ken, to your first L3Harris earnings call. We're excited to have you on the team.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Chris. I'm excited to be a part of the team.
Christopher Kubasik: All right. I want to start by thanking our investors and analysts for attending our Investor Day last month. We had a great turnout and appreciate the strong positive feedback from the event. 2023 marked the fourth full year since the merger and served as an inflection point in many respects. We met our financial commitments. We closed our integrating and seeing the benefits of two acquisitions that are focused on national security and aligned with defense spending priorities. We announced the sale of a non-core business further aligning our portfolio and we returned to growth following a few years of macroeconomic disruptions. This past year, we also strengthened our leadership team and Board of Directors adding key talent that will help drive future value for our investors, customers and employees. This year's progress gives us confidence that we have set the foundation to achieve the financial outlook that we laid out at our Investor Day and are reaffirming today with segment level detail. Globally, the threat environment remains elevated emphasizing the importance of our mission. With the national security-focused portfolio, we continue to support the US and its allies providing vital solutions for our customers' most critical missions. Domestically, we await Congress to pass all 12 appropriation bills by the end of April including the pending vote for an $842 billion topline defense budget which has solid support for our programs, most notably, in the areas of space, missiles, intelligence, and resilient communications. In 2023, demand remained strong. We reported a record $23 billion in orders, including key awards for the US Army's Manpack and Leader Radios, Compass Call missionized business jets, and rocket motors for the Army's Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System. The orders we received in 2023 contributed to a record backlog of $33 billion, more than doubled to $16 billion of backlog at the time of the merger. This positive momentum continued into early 2024, underscored by the recent award for 18 satellites from the Space Development Agency for more than $900 million. Internationally, orders were up 24% including tactical radios, VAMPIRE systems for Ukraine, and an international space award that leverages our 55-year trusted heritage to build and deliver advanced payloads for Japan's next-generation weather satellite. We are maintaining our international growth strategy and aim to improve that mix over the medium term. Operationally, our Performance First culture has been a driving factor in meeting our financial commitments, and we are gaining momentum as we focus on profitable growth. We're about six months into the Aerojet Rocketdyne integration and we have captured the $50 million in cost synergies that we were targeting. The team is using the savings to deploy resources from across L3Harris to help improve operational performance and ultimately increase capacity. In our short time owning this business, we are seeing improvements and we are progressing towards returning to contracted production levels. As highlighted at our Investor Day, we are executing on our LHX NeXt initiative aimed at delivering $1 billion in gross cost savings over the next three years. These efficiencies will optimize our infrastructure and leverage our scale, which enables us to achieve margin expansion moving forward. We executed a number of projects included in exiting facility leases to reduce cost and overall square footage. We continue with our ERP consolidation with 10 reporting units being consolidated into one reporting unit earlier this month. And at the program level, our continued focus on program excellence has helped drive better EAC performance. However, we have more work to do in this area. In 2024, we are prioritizing our focus on execution, margin expansions, and growing free cash flow. Additionally, we will continue to evaluate parts of our portfolio against strategic alternatives for non-core assets. It should be clear that we have made significant progress on the journey to transform the company. Our core businesses are aligned with our customers' priorities and provide many levers to enable us to create shareholder value. Ken will discuss our capital deployment strategy in more detail, but it is unchanged from what we discussed at Investor Day. We will invest to grow organically to delever the balance sheet and then to return excess cash to shareholders. Our strategy is backed by our diverse and talented team and we continue to invest in our workforce, both financially and professionally. This gives me confidence that we have the right leaders in place to execute our imperatives and drive long-term shareholder value. With that, let me turn it over to Ken for some financial details including our 2024 guidance.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks and good morning, everyone. It's great to be part of the L3Harris team and working alongside Chris. Over the last six weeks, I've been actively engaged with the team, reviewing the business and our financial plan. I'm all in on our approach and grow more confident with each day. We'll be on the road meeting with investors next week and attending a few conferences during the quarter, so I look forward to re-engaging with you all over the coming months. Let's start with consolidated results, which were all in line with our latest guidance. We reported full-year revenue of $19.4 billion at the high end of our guidance, up 14% year-over-year and 6% organically, which was primarily from growth in our Space and Airborne Systems and Communication Systems segments. We delivered segment operating margin of 14.8%, earnings of $12.36 a share and free cash flow was just over $2 billion. For the fourth quarter, revenue was $5.3 billion, up 17%, largely driven by the Aerojet Rocketdyne and Tactical Data Links acquisitions and continued strong growth in space systems and resilient communications. Fourth quarter segment margin was 15.1%, up 50 basis points from higher volume and favorable product mix, and better program performance, which all resulted in net positive EAC adjustments. The first net positive quarter since mid-2022. Fourth quarter earnings per share grew 2% to $3.35. Let me hit on segment results before turning to 2024 guidance. SAS reported revenue of $6.8 billion for the year, up 7% as we continue to see strong growth in Space, Mission Networks, and Intel & Cyber programs. I've been impressed with what we're doing in Space. To me, this demonstrates how we are thinking differently, responding quickly, making targeted investments, and seeing them pay off and growing in enduring markets. It's exciting to see how much progress we have made in responsive space where we are taking share. Segment operating margin was 11.4% for the year, down 30 basis points, driven by growth in those early phase Space programs. We are now beginning to move into the more mature production phase of these programs as we look to improve margin in 2024. In IMS, revenue was $6.6 billion for the year, which was roughly flat. Segment operating margin was 11.2%, down 180 basis points from program challenges and lower international mix. I've looked at the changes the team has implemented throughout the year to address these operational challenges and believe that the multipronged approach, including leadership changes, training, and maturing programmatic risk management processes will improve the business going forward. We've already seen sequential improvements within the business and expect greater financial stability in 2024. CS revenue was $5.1 billion, up 20% year-over-year, with 12% organic growth. Beyond the acquisition of TDL, revenue growth was driven by higher volume of Tactical Communication equipment. Segment operating margin was 24.2%, flat year-over-year as higher volumes were offset by lower international mix. I will note that CS had a great Q4 with record operating margin since the merger at 26.1%. Lastly, Aerojet Rocketdyne revenue was over $1 billion and operating margin was 11.6% for the post-acquisition period. The new leadership team Aerojet Rocketdyne is working to drive operational improvements to increase throughput of its critical products. Expanding on Chris' comments, early actions the team has taken include investing in critical suppliers, deploying resources to their sites, improving processes, and co-investing in supplier infrastructure. We look forward to sharing more data with you as we progress on these efforts in 2024. Turning now to 2024 guidance, which is consistent with the framework that we presented at Investor Day. We expect $20.7 billion to $21.3 billion in revenue with organic growth in all segments. As you fill out your models, I would note that with strong fourth quarter results at CS and some favorable SAS timing, we expect a slower top line growth rate to start the year. IMS and total company guidance also contemplates the sale of CAS in 2024 with any potential timing impact within the revenue and margin guidance ranges. Consolidated segment operating margin is anticipated to be approximately 15% from efficiencies gained with increased volume, operational improvements and LHX NeXt cost savings. This is partially offset by a full year of Aerojet Rocketdyne. Throughout the year, margins should gain momentum driven by program ramps, international product mix and accelerating LHX NeXt cost savings. We do have two nonoperational headwinds totaling more than $200 million. First is lower pension income, which we anticipate netting to about $300 million this year and second is an anticipated $650 million in interest expense. With taxes and share count, we anticipate non-GAAP EPS to grow to a range of $12.40 to $12.80. We should see it grow ratably across the quarters, ultimately reflecting a sequential build much like we saw in 2023. We closed out 2023 with solid working capital improvement coming down from elevated levels during the pandemic. The team and I are keenly focused on this as we aim to grow free cash flow over the next several years. For 2024, we expect free cash flow of approximately $2.2 billion, up 10%, driven by earnings growth and continued balance sheet efficiency. At a segment level, we expect SAS revenue of $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion, with operating margin in the mid to high 11% range. IMS revenue is anticipated to be $6.4 billion to $6.6 billion, with operating margin in the low to mid-11% range, driven by lower-than-historical international mix. We expect CS revenue of $5.3 billion to $5.4 billion, with operating margin in the low to mid 24% range. And for Aerojet Rocketdyne, we anticipate revenue of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion and operating margin in the high 11% range. As Chris mentioned, our capital allocation priority remains focused on first, paying down debt to achieve a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 and then a shift to returning all excess cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. On the dividend, we continue to target a payout ratio of 35% to 40% of free cash flow. For share repurchases, I will note that we returned over $0.5 billion in 2023, we are targeting a similar amount in 2024, and we look to accelerate buyback in '25 and 2026. To close out, one of the reasons I joined L3Harris was my belief that there is tremendous value potential. In my time here, I have gained more confidence that we can deliver on our 2024 and future commitments. With that, let's open the line for questions. Rob?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Hey, good morning, Scott.
Scott Deuschle: Chris, can you give us an update on attrition and program performance at IMS? And then for Ken, the IMS margin guide implies '24 segment margins. I think will be down relative to the second half of '23. So like to hear a bit more on the thinking there. And then also for Ken, just maybe you can comment on your philosophy on guidance. And where you sit on the spectrum in terms of viewing guidance as an aspiration and operational plan or closer to a promise? Thank you.
Christopher Kubasik: All right. Thanks, Scott. Yeah, talking about IMS, if we look at 2023, you'll see that we did improve margins in the second half compared to the first half. And as we've talked about, it is a little bit of a lumpy business based on the timing of aircraft purchases. We laid out at Investor Day that our strategy in the near term here was really to continue to have stability, especially with the program performance and focus on margin improvement. So to answer your question specifically, here in the short-term, we are seeing better program performance and I think that's what gives us confidence and opportunities not only for 2024 but the next several years. The attrition is definitely slowing down. We've been successful in hiring new people, training new employees, and I think that's starting to be reflected in our performance. And equally as important, the suppliers, and maybe more specifically in this case our subcontractors' performance is starting to improve as we got through those macroeconomic disruptions. The bidding rigor is improving, we've lowered the delegations of authority, so more bids are being reviewed. Not only at the segment level but the corporate level and we have at least one instance in the fourth quarter where we no bid a fixed price development program, and I've been talking about this for at least a year and we will continue to no bid programs where the contract type does not appropriate for the risks we're assuming and I said it in December and I'll say it again. I will sacrifice revenue for earnings and cash every day of the year and we will continue to do so until that changes. And of course, we're making structural changes to the business. In the midterm, I see upside to the margins as we're going to grow internationally at IMS. We're looking at about 25% international this year. I see that getting into the 30% range in a couple of years, driven by WESCAM and international business jets. In fact, this quarter already European customer has awarded $300 million award to us for aircraft missionization and that will be accretive to our margins. And then when we, sure, we will talk more about LHX NeXt in the time that remains but I think this segment is clearly ripe for opportunities. We laid out the fact despite all the good work we've done in the last four years, we still have 100 facilities. We still have eight different ERP vendors and we have 24 reporting units. I did mention that 10 of those in my comments were migrated into one. So we're making progress and the team has taken action, takes some investment on our part, but I like the momentum in the path that we're on. So maybe with that, Ken, you want to?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks for the question, Scott, and I think Chris hit it well. I'll just add a couple of points. One, the guidance for IMS does assume the CAS divestiture during 2024. CAS does have higher average margins than IMS as a segment. So that's a little bit of a headwind at a margin level for IMS. In terms of timing, we did have some large aircraft procurements in the first half of '23. Nothing in the second half of 2023. So that helped the margin pick up a little bit in the second half of '24, as well as solid program performance. We do see again it's stabilizing as we look forward and we look forward to the team delivering on that. And then thirdly, I guess what I would say is the EO product line tends to build throughout the year that, Scott, solid commercial-like margins. And so we'll see that more likely contributing in the second half as well. With respect to the second part of your question on guidance philosophy, I'll just say, look, again, I'm excited to be a part of the team. We've spent a lot of time thinking about kind of where we are and what this business can do. I think we've laid out a guidance that is something that we can meet and work to build to deliver confidence on during the year. And this is something we're putting out there and that's something that we intend to deliver on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Douglas Harned: Good morning and thank you.
Christopher Kubasik: Hi. Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Harned: At the investor conference, you talked about looking to 2026 and basically there was a 100 basis point upside guide to each of the segments. But when you look across them, the opportunity there, it can't be uniform. So perhaps you can help us think through when you look at each of the segments where there is opportunity for more? And maybe in some cases, it might be more difficult to get to that number.
Christopher Kubasik: Yeah, Doug. Let me take that one. Yeah, let me start with where we are on margins. I mean, we have well-documented that our margins have declined in the last couple of years. We acknowledge we have had some performance issues across the portfolio. But I also want to mention that we have consciously made investments in some high-growth programs and businesses, which impacted the margins in the short-term, but we believe create value in the long-term, and I think Space is probably the best example that we keep highlighting in that regard. Investor Day we did step up our cost savings goal to $1 billion gross run-rate savings by the end of '26 that goes across the entire enterprise. We're calling that program LHX NeXt, as you well know. And look, I agree with you that there's differences by segments for a variety of reasons, and we're setting out a framework, three years out. So we put the 100 -- the 100 basis points is kind of the floor. If I go through or maybe in the -- in some form of order relative to the ability to realize the 100 basis points either earlier or exceeded, I'd like to start with Communication Systems. I think we all know that that has a commercial business model and the potential for more international growth. I think those will be key drivers. We run that like a commercial factory where we make the radios. We look at the quality, the cost of poor quality, the real throughput yield. We're making investments in equipment and training that gives us potential upside. And in that regard, pretty much every dollar falls to the bottom line. We're also looking at the models and seeing if we can be more aggressive on increasing our software sales as an example in addition to the hardware. So, CS would probably be at the top of my list. Aerojet Rocketdyne, we've only had it for five months. We're starting to see some improvements. Big, big volume increase, big investment in capacity, and negotiating the new contracts. Maybe I'll just mention now since owning them, we've already turned in 200 proposals for over $13 billion. Of course, we have to win them and negotiate them, but clearly, the demand is outweighing the supply. So feel good about the potential there, and the ability to return to their historical margins or even better. Scott asked about IMS. I think I laid that out. I think there's upside there with the shift to international. Again, we have the WESCAM business that provides designs and builds and delivers turrets or cameras or gimbals, whatever you want to call them. Again, that's a commercial business model which has accretive margins to the business and end of the day, it comes down to stabilizing the volatility and the program performance, and I think with some leadership changes and better negotiations on new contracts, we should be in a better shape there. And then, of course, Space or SAS, it does have the highest mix of cost plus contracts, Doug, as you know. So most of those savings go back to the customer. But again, the investments that we've made to get into some of these new markets, such as Space, will be decreasing or have decreased. So I don't know if that gives you a little more granularity. I think as we get closer to 2026, we'll be able to be more specific, but the 100 basis points is the floor, and that's kind of my order of how I'd put them. I don't know, Ken, if you agree or have different thoughts there.
Kenneth Bedingfield: No, I think you hit it well.
Christopher Kubasik: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Epstein: Yeah. Good morning, guys. One of the big focuses at the Investor Day was the Space business. And maybe if you can give us a deeper dive into how that's going, work on the SDA transport and tracking layers, and maybe continued opportunities for growth in that business.
Christopher Kubasik: Yeah. Space, we keep talking about Space and highlighting. That is kind of the model for our trusted disruptor strategy. So we've one -- we're really just on the tracking for SDA. So we won tranche zero, we won tranche one. And as I mentioned just a couple of weeks ago, we were awarded tranche two. So I think we've gone from four satellites to eight satellites to 18, so and there will be a tranche three and beyond, I would expect. I can tell you that in each of those successive contracts, the margins that we bid and expect have increased, which was part of our strategy. So the team is performing well. We have satellites waiting to be launched. So we're looking at these annuity-long cycle constellations, and we've talked about the missions really migrating from the air domain to the space domain, and I think we're seeing it here. And these satellites will have single-digit useful lives, and they'll need to be repopulated over time. So I kind of look at this as an annuity where in several years, the tranche zero satellites will deorbit and they'll need additional satellites to be launched. So three for three. Quite proud of the team, and I think our customer is obviously pleased with our performance. I did mention we do have a pretty good business in weather satellite, so it was exciting to see us get some international opportunities. You don't necessarily see that all the time in the Space business. So that's some additional growth. And we still provide payloads for exquisite satellites where we're a sub to the primes. Most of those are classified. So pretty good backlog. We also mentioned it at Investor Day. We're investing in building a satellite factory here in Florida and that ground has been broken and we're excited about that. So we'll be able to turn satellites at a pretty quick pace here in the near term.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning, David .
David Strauss: So, Chris, I guess following up on Ron's question, SAS, I think in '23 you did something like 8% organic growth. It looks like your guidance for this year is only 2% organic growth. So if you could touch on the slowdown there that you're anticipating, I guess, broken out between Space and maybe the Avionics piece of the business. And then could you also touch on the forecast for Aerojet this year? It looks like if you just kind of annualize the run rate of sales, you're not really anticipating any growth at all out of Aerojet this year. Thanks.
Christopher Kubasik: All right, David. No, good questions. Yeah, so if I look at SAS, we have several sectors there, two of them, relatively large are flat. The air domain that we've talked about is a flat business. It's a good business with good margins. This is where we perform on mission systems for F-35, F-16, F-18, some classified platforms, but a relatively flat market. And as I just mentioned, those missions are migrating into Space in some cases. So that's how we see that playing out. Mission Networks, which does a lot of work for the FAA, is a very solid business. Good margins, but that's traditionally a pretty flat business for the foreseeable future, especially given some of the budget pressures at the FAA. So that's two of our segments or two of our sectors. Space is growing and Intel and Cyber are growing as well. Just as an aside, I mentioned a lot of this -- more of this business is cost plus than most. So as we continue to reduce cost, I think, David, sometimes -- not sometimes, it always does ultimately reduce your revenue a little bit as well. So the good news of taking out costs, you get higher margins. And as continue to say revenue is interesting, but I'll take margins and cash and EBIT every day, and that's a little bit of the headwind. So that's how I see SAS coming out where it does. And second question on Aerojet Rocketdyne, interesting that you say that, because nobody really knows what their 2023 revenue is. We will disclose that in the 10-K, they only reported the first quarter. There were four months that weren't reported, and then we reported the five months. Anyway, when you see those numbers, you will see that we're right around 5% top-line growth, 2024, compared to the pro-former 2023. Aerojet disclosed three months, we disclosed five. The four fell through the cracks just based on how the accounting works. So we'll put that all in there, and you'll see the 5% growth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe, Chris, just to stay on Aerojet, looks like, I think, you said you got all $50 million of cost synergies achieved. I mean, it sounds like that was a lot of low-hanging fruit, public company cost. Is there more there? I mean, is that layered into the next initiative? And then I guess just on NeXt, what flowed through in the quarter? I mean, we saw the $47 million in cost. What did you net out in savings? I think the goal was $175 million for the year. And does one segment maybe benefit disproportionately as you progress through NeXt?
Christopher Kubasik: Yeah, I'll take the first part. Ask Ken to chime in on the second part. Yeah, the $50 million, we did go quickly to realize it. It obviously was a little more lower-hanging fruit than not, but it still takes a lot of time and effort, and we execute it, and we absolutely expect to get a little more out relative to what I'd call the integration. I mean, there's more work to do on the IT systems and tools. We have already aligned them on policies and procedures. All the personnel are already on our payroll systems, our benefit plans, and that type of stuff. So, yeah, we think there's probably an additional $20 million or $30 million that we can get that I would call integration. That will just roll into LHX NeXt. But Ken?
Kenneth Bedingfield: Yeah. No, I agree on that front. I would say the team did a great job of working aggressively to get on top of the initial integration cost savings. We did hit that target. We're continuing to drive for more, but at this point, the primary focus is really around some of the operational efficiencies working to drive the throughput through the business and getting what were some bottlenecks to increased production out of the way so that we can deliver these critical capabilities to our customers at Aerojet. So, great work by the team, certainly continues. And as Chris mentioned, we'll continue to drive opportunity for further, not only integration, but I would say at this point, more importantly, operational efficiencies, again, to drive volume. In terms of LHX NeXt, what I would say is we are very consistent at this point with what we discussed at Investor Day, the gross run rate of a $1 billion savings. We talked about, to your question, $175 million of margin improvement exiting 2024. And I think we see that across the business. I don't necessarily see any individual sector that will benefit first from that. I think Chris talked about the margin opportunity at the sectors through 2026 in getting to our 16% margin framework, but in terms of LHX NeXt, a lot of confidence in the program, confidence in the team. We had set an initial target out there. As we started to work through it, we saw the ability to drive further savings out of that. I've got confidence that we're working to drive at least to that level of savings. And I think, again, all of the segments should see the benefit of that here in 2024.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, Chris and Ken. And welcome, Ken. Hey, Ken, maybe just on guidance, if there is, could you maybe level set us just on cadence if first half versus second half, anything to really call out? And then also it was highlighted at the Investor Day that working capital would certainly be positive contributor in cash over the kind of the guidance period. How are you thinking and seeing any opportunities from a working capital perspective, and maybe just working capital profile going forward? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Sure. Thanks, Peter. I appreciate the question. Yeah, in terms of cadence, I would say as we look at the -- as we look at 2024, we think the revenue growth itself should be relatively steady throughout the year, probably a relatively even split 50-50 between the first half and the second half in terms of the growth from 2023, quarter-by-quarter, probably a little more of an accelerated ramp on the revenue side starting in the second quarter. In terms of EPS, I would say we'll kind of follow the margin trend. Talked about the margins would be a little bit slower in the first half of the year as we saw a strong performance in the fourth quarter, kind of across the board at the segments. And so we expect that to kind of build momentum as we work through the year. That margin momentum should fall through to EPS. And again, we'll probably see that kind of build sequentially, quarter-over-quarter through the year over 2023. And then from a free cash flow perspective, and on the working capital question, I would say the free cash flow profile will continue to be weighted towards the second half of the year. And on working capital, I think the team did a great job in driving down our working capital at the end of '23, but the work is never done. We'll continue to try to improve that in 2024, but we've got a lot of confidence in our growing free cash flow. We talked about 10% free cash flow growth that will be driven by certainly the margin growth, the margin improvement on growing revenues as well as continued and disciplined balance sheet management.
Christopher Kubasik: And I'll just chime in, Peter, the continuing resolution. While we've had one every year since 2010, and I think we in the industry know how to deal with it, it does tend to slow things down, really, from a customer perspective. So as I mentioned, we are under a CR through March. Hopefully we'll get a defense budget and eleven other appropriation bills passed so we can get back to normal. But that causes a little bit of the slow start, unfortunately, like it does pretty much every year for the last 13.
Peter Arment: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much, and good morning, everyone.
Christopher Kubasik: Hey, Seth.
Seth Seifman: I wonder if you could talk in the Communications business where 2023 ended up on tactical radio sales and what you expect in 2024 for domestic and international and kind of the trajectory for each of those?
Christopher Kubasik: Yeah, let me take that. We actually had a pretty -- we had a great year in CS and especially tactical radios specifically. The interesting thing here, as we talk about the margins, is really the mix between the DoD and the International. So when I looked at the first two quarters, we were heavily weighted towards International versus domestic and then it flipped again in Q3, Q4. And we'll start 2024 with a little more domestic deliveries than commercial, and then it flips in the back half. So we had a record year when it came to revenue in TCOM. I think the business is really coming together quite nicely. We've overcome most of the supply chain challenges. I know when we talked in the past, we literally had hundreds of key suppliers that we were tracking. Now we're down to just a handful. So the results are getting better. We're getting dual sources. And in fact, we've recently had some wins in some new markets that we've been informed of. We're not authorized to disclose them quite yet, but there's a lot of good news coming out of TCOM.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Good morning, Chris. Welcome, Ken.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Rob.
Robert Spingarn: So Chris, Ken touched on this, but maybe a quick operational update on Aerojet, but more in the context of some of these supply chain bottlenecks that are still there. Now obviously, this started well before your acquisition and part of the value proposition there is getting it back on pace, but a couple of things. Does it make any sense to bring any of the problem suppliers in-house? And then Lockheed's talking about standing up a third supplier, Anduril is building a business. So I wanted to see how you think about the longer-term market share implications if others come in.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Let me start -- cover a couple of things and work in specifically your question. The demand, I mentioned earlier, there's more demand than there is supply, which is a great thing when we look back on the acquisition. And to repeat myself, 200 proposals for $13 billion is something we would have never expected in just a six-month period. The infrastructure, great progress. We've got the $50 million. We've got the policies. We've got the personnel. The IT systems are in work. And in fact on the talent front, the attrition at Aerojet Rocketdyne has dropped by 1/3 overall and 50% for the engineers. We do these regular surveys. There's just a lot of enthusiasm and excitement about the acquisition, the strategy. And I think it's a tribute to the team that shows how we successfully have integrated them and welcomed them into L3Harris. Going back to the demand, it's all about capacity. We've talked about the DPA investment for $216 million focused on GMLRS and Javelin and Stinger. In fact, we've already acquired a building in Huntsville, Alabama. Our capacity and footprint there is 4x and that will ultimately -- it is, but it will ultimately be our inert center of excellence, which is great. The challenges are really at the sub-tier suppliers, as you said. I don't think it makes a lot of sense to bring them in-house. We've actually invested in some of these, not as an ownership, but by helping them with tooling and capital. Our customers have also -- our end customer and our immediate prime customers have also invested. So as we've said, there's a little bit of a chokepoint here at the sub-tier. Personally, I think over time, a third solid rocket motor provider is fine. We don't shy away from competition. But that doesn't really solve the problem because at the end of the day, everybody's going to be going to the same sub-tiers, for the cases, for the igniters, for the nozzles and such. So we have to fix the sub-tier. We're doing our part by helping them out financially, getting the equipment, improving their -- the capacity. And we started to see it. There is a big well documented, I think, we call it backlog or undelivered motors, and we're chipping away at that, as I mentioned. And once we get these facilities and equipment up and running, I think it's going to look pretty good. And, yes, there's a lot of people trying to get into this market now, which is fine. It's a high-growth market, and in my mind, reaffirms the rationale and the value potential from this acquisition.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: Ken, I'm hoping you can provide a few of the cash details on the surface, the Section 174 impact for '23 and '24, maybe what the benefit would be if they retroactively reversed it, what you've paid and what you could get back. And then maybe just also as it relates to stripping out from the cash numbers, is it just the $220 million for LHX NeXt that you laid out at Investor Day? Or are there other adjustments we should consider? Thanks.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thanks, Myles. Let me -- I'll talk about 174 a little bit first and then get into the second part of the question. So let me just start by saying we've got a great tax team that works really hard every day to drive value for the business. And one of the things that I think they do well and we do well in supporting them is getting them really integrated with the businesses so that we get all the data, we get all the information needed to support our R&D deductions and credits. We work very closely with the IRS team to validate what we've got and what we're doing and how all that works. And I think we've done a great job. This is a business that invests heavily in R&D to drive future capability and future growth, and we'll continue to do that, and we'll continue to see that benefit. In terms of the cash profile, what I'll say is that, in '23, we're able to catch up a little bit on some tax payments from a timing perspective. In terms of the new amortization of Section 174, we're able to kind of catch back up to being current through the end of '23 on the impact -- the cash impact of that. And then in terms of the new legislation that's working through, I'll say we're tracking that carefully, keeping an eye on it. The impact of that, if it is passed into law, would be positive for us from a cash perspective. And I don't want to put a number on it, but as currently drafted, would have some retroactive impact for, I believe, it's '22 and '23. So positive on cash. And then I think there would ultimately be a little bit of a rate headwind as we look forward. But I would say we'd be very willing to trade that little bit of rate benefit for the cash benefit that we see. And then in terms of kind of free cash flow guide for 2024 and the adjustments. At this point in time, what we're looking at in terms of what that would be adjusted for would largely be the LHX NeXt onetime implementation cost. To your question, I think that should be the largest item there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Chris and Ken.
Christopher Kubasik: Hi, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Chris, One for you, please. You mentioned international mix within IMS. More broadly, what are you seeing in the international pipeline? And how are you thinking about the timing of that conversion? And just thinking about the overall 3% organic growth guidance for '24, how does internal track relative to domestic, and what are the broader margin implications?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Thanks for the question. I mean, obviously, the broader margin implication is we tend to have higher margins in international than domestic, just like we do with commercial. So I see an increase -- slight increase year-over-year. We're kind of hanging around the 22%, 23% of our revenue comes from international, maybe a little uptick in '24, '25 and '26. But every point helps. I think it comes down to this -- the one that's going to move the needle a little bit is going to be the supplementals. And we haven't talked a whole lot about DC in the budget. But there is a supplemental out there for Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel put out last year for $110 billion. I think about $58 billion is targeted for the DoD. It's all tied up in politics as it relates to border security. But I think at the end of the day, we need to get these things passed because it's really just backfilling the stockpile that we've already given into several of the countries I mentioned. So hopefully, we get that behind us, and that will solidify our growth opportunities in those regions specifically. So as I look at each of the segments. Aerojet, as you know, most of that goes through a couple of primes. So we actually don't have any international revenue the way we disclose it for Aerojet, notwithstanding that several of these products get deployed from -- but from our perspective, we just sell them to two or three primes and then they put them wherever they need to go. So we just call that domestic for what that's worth. IMS, I talked about WESCAM and bizjets, I see upside there. SAS, it's really given the classified nature of so many things they do. We have an occasional space satellite, like I mentioned, in Japan. Some of the avionics stuff goes international as well. And then CS has the highest percentage of international mainly coming out of the tactical radio business. And when I look at what we've done in Ukraine and what's needed in Europe and the Mid-East and the Far East, it's looking rather positive. So I hope that help, Sheila.
Mark Kratz: Rob, we're coming up on the hour, so maybe we'll take our last question this morning.
Operator: Sure. Our last question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Christopher Kubasik: Good morning.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Hey, Rob.
Robert Stallard: And welcome back, Ken.
Kenneth Bedingfield: Thank you.
Robert Stallard: Chris, probably a question for you. Your counterpart at Lockheed Martin, Jim Taiclet was kind of talking about structural problems in the defense industry with regard to pricing and contracting and whether that could change in the future. I was wondering if you have any issues lingering in the L3Harris portfolio that maybe fits that criteria. But on the flip side, do you see the opportunity to grow more sort of commercial terms contracts in the future?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Good question, Robert. Look, we've all been in this industry for decades, and it kind of goes in cycles where everybody thought fixed-price development programs was a good idea in the '70s and '80s, and then it migrates back to cost-plus and goes the other way. Just kind of have to understand where the customer is and figure out where they're going. There's lots of opportunities to interface with them. We're we've been successful with our commercial business models that I've mentioned. I think there's more that we can look at in that regard. I think more and more things are moving towards software, and I think it's a new area. I think the DoD has to figure out how to buy software and we have to figure out how to sell software. There have been some cases where it's done. But again, that's probably a different business model than your traditional cost-plus, truth in negotiation type regulations may not make sense. And I think that's what a lot of the new entrants are also struggling with, to figure out how to get into those markets. So look, we all get to draft RFPs. We review them, we push back and sometimes you just have to no-bid. And one of these days, the entire industry is not going to bid on a fixed-price development contract and the DoD will change. But when you get one or two bids, they're going to make the award, and we're doing our best to balance the risk with the financial upside that we have, so probably a little more disciplined. But this has been an ongoing debate probably for decades, and we continue to engage with the customer, and I think they appreciate and understand where the industry is coming from. So we'll see what happens in the months and years ahead.
Christopher Kubasik: So look, before I sign off, I really would like to take a moment and thank our 50,000 employees for their focus on performance and execution throughout the year. Clearly, this is impossible without them, and they're critical to our success in meeting not only our shareholders, but our customer commitments. So really appreciate everybody joining the call. Ken, again, welcome to the team. And we'll be talking to you all soon. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to L3Harris Technologies Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Kratz, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Mark Kratz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us to discuss third quarter results. Joining me are Chris Kubasik, our CEO, and Michelle Turner, our CFO. Yesterday, we published our investor letter detailing our results, guidance and key company updates. So this morning's call will be focused on answering questions. As always, we may discuss certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially. For more information, please reference our provision found in our investor letter and our SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the investor letter. I'd now like to turn it over to Chris for some brief remarks.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I know you've all had a busy week, and we appreciate you joining us this morning. The current events in the Middle East remind us that what we do at L3Harris matters. And the industry in which we operate is more critical than ever before. As a national security technology focused company, we remain committed to supporting the U.S. and its allies to deter aggression and foster stability around the world. As we embark on our fifth year since the merger of L3 and Harris, I'm proud of our achievements. We built a diverse and seasoned team that is integrating our company. L3Harris is viewed as a disruptive competitor that is reshaping the U.S. Defense industrial base. Meanwhile, underpinning our strategy is a focus on operational excellence, delivering quality products on time, driving costs out of our system, and focusing our portfolio as a national security company. This ultimately benefits our customers and creates long-term value for our shareholders. While the macro environment has been challenging, we are making considerable progress. The business is on solid footing, and we are building operational momentum. In the third quarter, we reported 16% top-line growth, the second consecutive quarter of sequential margin improvement and strong cash generation, resulting in more than 100% free cash flow conversion. This extends our trend of generating positive free cash flow in each of the quarters since the merger. The team and I look forward to providing more details on our strategy and our 2024 outlook at our Investor Day in December. And with that, Rob, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: You know Chris, Michelle, after owning Aerojet Rocketdyne now for a few months. Are there any surprises to the positive or negative that you've seen?
Chris Kubasik: Okay, well, I expected an Aerojet question. So let me take this one and try to answer your question and maybe give a little more insight on Aerojet Rocketdyne. But just to refresh everyone's memory, we signed and announced the deal back in December. And we're able to close it in seven and a half months, which I think is pretty impressive in this environment. So either there was support or probably no objections, obviously from industry and in the Department of Defense to allow the acquisition to go through. So probably closed a little quicker than we expected. I think when we announced that we said it could take up to 12 months, but we did hit the ground running on day one. Deployed the L3Harris leadership team to run the business which I thought was critical to the success that we're going to realize. I'll say from an integration perspective, all was going well, we're clearly on track to get the 40 million to 50 million of cost savings that we talked about previously. We've shut down the Aerojet Rocketdyne headquarters in California. We're ready for January 1 to transition all the employees to L3Harris payroll system benefits and such. The IT team is already connected all the network. So the communication and such is working well. And we obviously have a little longer term IT strategy to optimize the business from that perspective. I will say the workforce, we actually did a survey of the workforce about a month ago, and the results were actually off the charts. I was more than pleased to see the enthusiasm of the workforce, the confidence that they have in being part of L3Harris, the alignment of being a part of a larger company that's focused on defense and national security and space. So that's encouraging to get those types of results. So we've been clear, at least internally and hopefully, externally, that our number one priority is to increase the deliveries, specifically in the rocket motor sector. So everything we're doing is focused on increased deliveries, and we developed the plan. Myself and the leadership team has reviewed it and we're off executing on it, includes having Centers of Excellence for [indiscernible], separately, and I think that's going to help with production and flow and deliveries. We've supplemented the existing leadership teams at some of the key locations in Alabama, Arkansas and Virginia with resources and experience that I think is going to start showing immediate results. And then, we've deployed resources to our sub-tier suppliers. And that really is the challenge in the munitions and rocket motor business is a couple of levels down. And we only have, in some cases, 1 or 2 certified suppliers of cases and igniters and sometimes nozzles. So that is ultimately a choke point that we need to focus on as an industry and as a country. The DPA, you've heard us talk about the Defense Production Act, the over $200 million that was awarded earlier this year. That's focused on 3 main products. We have a plan, and we're starting to execute upon that. In fact, we just leased a building in Alabama, so that we can modify and order the equipment to increase capacity at that facility. So we'll use that as a framework. We're going to revitalize the business, and we'll use that for the other products that weren't necessarily covered by the DPA money. So all of this will contribute to 2024 starting to see a ramp-up in the output, and I would expect to have noticeable improvements by the end of 2024 and then continuing into 2025. We've had discussions, I've had discussions with our end customers. different military services, and they are very excited to have L3Harris own this asset. Obviously, they see us as the answer to the challenges and problems that they and the industry has had relative to rocket motors and we have their full support, which I expected, but is also encouraging. We don't talk too much, but we should about the space engine business. And that's maybe about 1/3 of Aerojet Rocketdyne, that business is operating well. The RL10 engine, which is the upper stage is performing flawlessly. I think the run of successes goes back decades without a failure. And it's not even sure, ever has failed. So that's great news. We're excited to be on the United Launch Alliance, ULA first Vulcan launch and subsequent launches. So there's 2 RL10s per launch. And as of today, we have over 150 in backlog. So that gives us pretty good visibility and stability into the space side. So that's kind of operationally where we are relative to Aerojet Rocketdyne, Kristine. But I also want to step back on the strategic rationale for the acquisition. It hasn't quite been a year, but I know people are still asking questions. But at L3Harris, we, as I said, are building a defense-focused, technology-focused company. We're taking a portfolio approach. We're looking to acquire businesses that are aligning with our nation's defense strategy and in growing markets. And then, we're divesting those businesses that don't necessarily align with our strategy but are still good businesses but not part of our focus. So Aerojet Rocketdyne is growing faster than the legacy L3Harris business. I think when we look at everything that has happened since we signed the deal in December, there should be no dispute to demand for these products as they flow through the primes in most cases, is up significantly in the U.S. and in the world, which is why we need to focus on the increase in output. And I already mentioned the DPA money of $200 million, which will help us on these 3 particular lines, increased capacity, move production lines and digitize the engineering. So the tailwinds are there as well. So feel better about the acquisition today than I did in December to be honest with you. And I think it's highlighting my last point, some of the challenges in the industry. Going back to the '80s and the peace time dividend, the industry contracted, our capacity contracted. We're on a kind of a peace time mindset for the last several decades, and I believe, as a country, we need to ramp up to more of a wartime footing. And like I said, I think money and focus needs to go to the sub-tier suppliers that feed into not only us, but other industry partners, generally through primes and then to the end users. So maybe a longer answer than you wanted, Kristine, but I tried to hit a lot of different topics as it surrounds Aerojet Rocketdyne. So I think I'll just end on that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: I actually wanted to switch subjects and ask about Tactical RF. Maybe, if you could talk about book-to-bill in the quarter where backlog stands and give us some pipeline color, both domestically and internationally? And also if you can answer the supply chain questions, how that's evolved in that business line? Thanks.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So thanks for the question. From an overall comps perspective, we continue to be on track to deliver to our guidance, which was double-digit growth across the business, which includes to your point, gotten about the [bidding] [ph] supply chain challenges. which we continue to see along with the acquisition of our tactical data links business. Specific to radios and comms from an overall DoD budgetary perspective, we continue to see support. We're about 40% of the way through that modernization program. And we continue to see strong demand internationally as well. And so overall, I'd say we're feeling like we're in a good place from a comps perspective. And then just from looking at supply chain specifically, we continue to see hiccups like you're hearing across the industry, but significant complements to our supply chain, our tactical communication business, Sam Mehta, Chris Abley. The efforts that they've put in over the last 18 to 24 months in truly building a resilient supply chain that allows us to pivot when we continue to experience these hiccups is enabling us to continue to deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. And the other thing I would note for this quarter is that our overall deliveries are actually up from Q2. And so we continue to see the results of the efforts and the diligence that the team has put in over the last 18 to 24 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Chris, so you've alluded to the competing inputs for national security spending. I guess when you think about what's evolving geopolitically versus what's evolving with the deficit battle in the U.S., maybe some of the short-term items as well. I guess, what do you -- how are you thinking about what your medium-term end market growth rate is? And your latest thinking on the L3Harris spread versus that growth rate?
Chris Kubasik: Yes. No, thanks. Noah, I appreciate the question. As I step back a moment, I think kind of implied in there is the budget and what's going to happen with the supplemental. So as we all know, we finally have the speaker of the house, so that's step 1. I do believe and I've been pretty outspoken on this. It feels like it's an even more dangerous world than it ever has been. You look at what's going on in the Mid East, Ukraine, South China seas, national security has to be a top priority. And I'm concerned that a government shutdown would clearly weaken our national security as does a continuing resolution. So I think I speak for the entire industry and probably our customers, we hope that we get a budget here in the next couple of weeks, so we can start having the money flow to the industrial base. There's been a lot of talk about the supplemental over $100 million, split between state and DoD and Ukraine and Israel and Taiwan and the south border. I think we feel confident there will be a supplemental, I don't know if it will be 1 or 2 or somehow be partitioned, but I look at the supplemental as kind of playing into the near term. And I think when I look at our portfolio of products, literally products, not necessarily systems or platforms, we've been well positioned, specifically in Ukraine with a quick turn on the radios, night vision goggle, sites, sensors, cameras. So I look at the supplemental to kind of help us in the near-term. The midterm, I think, is relying more on a continued budget growth, the need to invest in technologies, advanced technologies for a peer or near-peer threats. And we keep talking about that as part of our national defense strategy, but we keep getting distracted by these other conflicts. So I think that's probably where I feel good about how we've shaped our portfolio specifically in the space arena, a lot of the missions that were normally conducted in the air domain, not all of them, but some of them have been moving to space. And I know people get tired of me saying it. I think this is the best example of our trusted disruptor strategy working. And at the date of the merger, L3Harris had zero satellites in orbit as a Prime. And as I look at our manifest in our backlog, we could very likely have 50, 5-0, 50, L3Harris Prime satellites and orbit in the next 3 to 5 years. So I think we're well positioned there. They tend to be more LEO satellites, 3-to-4-year useful lives, large constellations. So you can kind of see that as a potential ongoing annuity. In fact, we're building state-of-the-art factory for the satellite integration. So clearly, I see upside there. Aerojet Rocketdyne, we talked about the munitions. We are in the rocket motor, solid rocket motor business supporting some great primes who ultimately integrate the missile. So I feel comfortable with our position there. Michelle talked about the radios. We made an acquisition earlier this year on tactical battle links from ViaSat. And we keep talking about the connectivity of this network, and it is happening, and it is going to happen. It's hard to find the budgetary numbers, but these different domains, space, air, land, sea, they have to be able to connect across services, multi-domain, all those buzzwords we hear, but it's critical and it's happening, and someone has asked me best to try to explain with waveforms and all these different things that we're doing with Link 16. And I think the simplest way I could come up with is just categorizing it as Stealth communications. I think that's kind of a simple way to look at it. And we have the footprint on these 20,000 platforms. So we're upgrading, if you will, an existing network of connectivity and I'll just say, making it stealth. So I think depending on the budget world events, you got to feel like mid-single-digit growth is not an unreasonable aspiration over the midterm. And that's what we're striving for. And as I mentioned to Kristine, I still think as a nation, we have to find a way to invest in the infrastructure to build the capacity of this industrial base given the surge of certain key products and areas. So that's how I see it, Noah.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Scott Deuschle with Deutsche Bank.
Scott Deuschle: I have two quick questions, both for Michelle. The first is on what's driving the difference between the $56 million of M&A expense add-backs on the P&L and the $215 million of add-backs for M&A on adjusted free cash flow. So that's my first question. And then my second question is what would drive CS margins to the 26% range in the fourth quarter, which is I think what's implied in the guide. Thanks.
Michelle Turner: Thanks for that Scott. I'm going to start with the margin question and kind of take a step back and address it starting with the enterprise margins because we really think about this as managing our portfolio. So we're encouraged with the overall margin results within the quarter. This is our second consecutive quarter of sequential improving margins at 15% and this includes 2 months of Aerojet as part of our portfolio. And so, we're most pleased because we're starting to see the efforts of our actions related to our Performance First initiative, which you may remember is really grounded in meeting the commitments of our customers and shareholders, and it's starting to pay dividends now in terms of margin improvement. So I'll walk through each of the segments because I think there's a lot of good work that's happening across the organization, plus it gives you a little bit of flavor as to how you should think about your models go forward. So I'll start with our Space and Airborne Systems business. It delivered a record op profit in Q3 and 12.5% margins. And [indiscernible] and the SAS team have really been early adopters on our LHX NeXt initiative in terms of really leaning into maniacally managing cost and spend, but also looking at organizational construct to ensure that we are most effectively running our business. The SAS business also benefited from a couple of accretive contract mods that they were successful and being able to deliver on within the quarter. And so when you look at Q4, there is a step-down as a result of those onetime accretive actions that occurred within Q3. From an Integrated Mission Systems business perspective, this business and along with John Rambo's leadership and the IMS leadership team, saw sequential margin improvement of 180 basis points from Q2. And so you may remember this is where we've had the most acute EAC programmatic challenges in the first half of the year. And a lot of the work that John and his team are doing are starting to pay dividends now where we sit here in Q3. Now this will continue to be a bit of a lumpy part of our portfolio. But we expect that the worst is behind us in terms of overall programmatic challenges within IMS. Within our CS business, I'm getting specifically to your question, Scott, CS delivered consistent with our expectations within the quarter, along with consistent with Q1. And so we anticipated Q3 to be lower margins aligned with a heavier DoD shipment mix from a tactical radio perspective. And as I noted earlier, we actually delivered more radios this quarter. So this really speaks to the efforts that we're really putting around driving a resilient supply chain. A lot of work has gone into this from the teams to make this happen. And then, finally, from an Aerojet perspective, 2 months, a little over 90 days as part of our portfolio, roughly 12% margins within the quarter. You will note though there is a step-down within Q4. Q3 did benefit from about $8 million of purchase price accounting adjustments within the quarter. So we expect in the year consistent with the guide that we have updated for. And then, Scott, to your question about the difference between the expense and the cash impact. This is really driven by the Aerojet acquisition cash that flowed out closure from what was originally booked on the books of Aerojet from an expense perspective, we actually paid that cash post-closing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky with Citi.
Jason Gursky: I just wanted to go back to the Space business for a minute, if you don't mind. Little contracting things going on here in the industry this quarter, you guys had a positive EAC in one of your customers, one of your competitors out there in the world at a very large start this quarter in the aerospace business. So I wonder if you could just help us or maybe walk around the space portfolio and tell us a little bit about what you have in that portfolio from a fixed price versus cost plus kind of mix and help us understand what the risks are and what the opportunities are as it relates to both revenue in the future. But I think most importantly, given what we're seeing across the industry, kind of what the risks might be on execution in EACs and just kind of help us better understand the overall health of that business.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, let me take that one, Jason. Great question. And yes, I mean to give the answer on the cost plus fixed price, it's about 50-50 between the 2. And that's a big change over the last decade or so. I mean, people generally would have thought of space being predominantly cost plus if you go back 10 or 20 years. And as you know, that trend has changed, bringing more risk to everyone. I think a lot of this goes back, I don't know specifically who you're referring to. But I think a lot of the challenges that the industry is having stems from the supply chain, which I'm sure is getting hold hearing that. But if you go back a few years, we were talking about our portfolio, having a combination of short-cycle, quick-turn products that were reliant on microelectronic parts. So I felt like L3Harris was kind of at the pointy end of the spear and leading the industry and the supply chain adverse impacts given the fact we couldn't get those parts to deliver our core products and recognize the revenue and profit. And then I think the longer cycle business is, which I would kind of throw space in there. It's also having supply chain issues. But the challenge there, I believe, is more on inflation and then workmanship that everybody is dealing with those quality challenges. So while there's still supply chain challenges, I think they've shifted. And I think they're hitting the longer-cycle businesses now. So what we've done is really double down on our bidding discipline, some of the longer-cycle things going back 5 years, probably are making less margin than I would like. But on the new bids, we're clearly factoring in the appropriate risks, taking the most current estimates, and we're not going to bid to lose money and do the best we can whether it's terms and conditions, contract reopenings, escalation clauses to protect ourselves. So I feel like we're doing a pretty good job on the bidding discipline. We have regular independent reviews of our key programs, and that helps, again, identify risk early to the extent we have any and then work on mitigation or workaround. So you see how we're doing relative to the others on margins in space, and we're pretty solid compared to our peers, and we haven't had, fortunately, any major write-offs. We continue to not bid fixed-price development programs that simultaneously ask for development and production, as I've said before. It's hard enough to estimate the development let alone commit to production for 1, 2 or 3 lots in '26, '27 and 2028. So we will continue to now bid those. And ultimately, the customer has to use the right vehicle -- contracting vehicle, I believe. And I think at some point in time, everyone in the industry will stop bidding and we'll get the right vehicle, and we'll fight it out for the best solution. We are more than happy to sacrifice top-line growth for profitability, cash and margin. And I've said before, the best way to get your margins up is stop writing off money on programs, and that moves the needle, and that's what we're trying to do. I think it's some real tangible evidence. We had some fixed price contracts for missile tracking, we have one for the Missile Defense Agency. We refer to as HBTSS, and we have 4 for the SDA, call it Space Force Now, Tranche 0 for tracking. And those satellites are done and waiting to be launched. So I can't wait to get those things in orbit. And I think that's pretty good evidence that we're able to meet our commitments relative to cost and schedule notwithstanding all the challenges from the supply chain inflation, attrition and such. So we feel pretty good about our Aerospace business, and we've been able to attract new talent, which helps as well. So hopefully, that answers your question there, Jason.
Michelle Turner: I would just add to complement that along with the SDA and NDA work that Chris just referred to. We also have a very steady, stable business that we've been in for decades from a civil weather perspective. And so that -- there's also a growth cycle that's happening there, and we booked about $1.5 billion associated with that business. So it's a good complement to the other work that's really growing from a DoD perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global Research.
Richard Safran: Chris, I heard your remarks about 2024 in the Investor Day, but I thought you might be willing to discuss and maybe give a qualitative assessment of which segments have the most room to grow in '24? Any color you could provide there, I thought would be helpful.
Chris Kubasik: Are you going to come visit us in December at our Investor Day, Rich?
Richard Safran: I'm already signed up.
Chris Kubasik: Well, there you go, there you go. I mean this is like the coming attraction here. This is after Taylor Swift, it's the second hottest ticket in Florida apparently. So we're in the process of going through our 2024 plan, actually next month. So I'm not going to actually give you an answer that will be satisfying. I will tell you, based on what I see right now, it looks like all 4 of our segments will be growing. So we'll reveal which ones are growing faster in December. But in all seriousness, we kind of want to get through the next month or two and see what's going to happen. We can't have a government shutdown for any period of time. We can't have a continuing resolution. We all know the impact that has on our business. We all say it really doesn't impact 2023 because the year is 3 quarters over. It's more or less true, but 2024, a 1-year CR, which I'm not at all suggesting will happen. But the one thing we can all agree on is we have no idea what's going to happen in D.C. And I kind of want to get through November and get some of those things behind us, including world events. But right now, it looks like we're going to experience top line growth in all segments. And on a consolidated basis, which we'll be talking about in December. I expect cash and OI and EPS notwithstanding pension headwinds and revenue to all grow. So that's encouraging, but details to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets.
Ken Herbert: Chris, maybe just following up for Michelle on that comment and some of the comments on AJRD in the opening remarks, beyond some of the Defense Production Act opportunities, can you just talk about how you're viewing CapEx across sort of legacy L3Harris and then more importantly, sort of AJRD as we think about 2024 and half of this year. And are you seeing a need to specifically sort of accelerate CapEx in AJRD to address some of the issues you outlined? And maybe how should we think about that as it relates to the growth in free cash next year?
Chris Kubasik: Yes. I'll start it off and then ask Michelle to fill in. I mean we're going to continue to prioritize our R&D and our CapEx based on business cases and based on needs. I think Aerojet Rocketdyne always had $50 million, $60 million of CapEx in their plan so that I don't see any scenario where that would change or come down significantly. But we'll look at it compared to all the other investments that we have. I think I've all been said, it's a pretty high-growth market. and we're trying to accelerate. So between the DPA money, which is over 200, the $50 million to $60 million annual CapEx, any other supplemental sources of funding we get sometimes from states and local municipalities. I think it all fits within our overall CapEx target and to the extent we need more, it will be at the expense of something else in the legacy portfolio that we don't view is having the near-term need or the ROI. So that's kind of how I see it. There could be new markets down the road once we kind of catch up on this acceleration. And those will be case by case, but there's a lot of exciting new technologies within Aerojet Rocketdyne, but the team is really focused on the backlog and the core business for now.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So I would just add in terms of your question, Ken, around free cash flow for next year. So to Chris' comments, we do expect income to grow. So we think that, that will be a tailwind from an overall cash perspective. We expect some kind of nominal improvement in working capital. And then offsetting that, just as a reminder for everybody, our initial deal model on Aerojet assumed free cash flow accretion in year 2. So we expect there'll be some kind of marginal impact just in totality of where they're at in the program cycle. And then, on overall CapEx, we typically run around 2%. We're not expecting any fundamental change in that level of investment as we go into next year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo.
Matt Akers: I wanted to ask if you could touch on LHX NeXt a little bit. And specifically, just curious of the $500 million benefit that you called out, how much do you get to keep? Does any of that flow back to your customer or any other offsets we should think about?
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for this question. I'm glad we're getting to talk about it a little bit more. And so this is the next phase of our L3 and Harris merger evolution, if you will. And so if you think about the initial integration savings that we did as a company, several hundred million along with some offsets. This is the next phase of this, kind of the harder parts, if you will. And it's really focused on leveraging our scale to drive efficiencies and also functional organization to ensure that we're optimized for value creation. And so to your point specifically around the overall bottom-line impact, we do anticipate that there's more investment that goes along with this phase of the journey, Matt. So you'll see in our investor letter, we laid out about $400 million of investment. And so you should think of this more as a nominal tailwind from a margin perspective and not flow it all to the bottom-line. But I do want to highlight a couple of tangible examples that the teams have already driven as we're in the early stages of this, just so you can start to characterize what are we talking about, when we're talking high level about LHX NeXt. And one of our recent wins, I'll complement our HR team in [indiscernible]. They've done a fantastic job in renegotiating our employee benefit package, again, leveraging the scale of the new L3Harris portfolio to not only increase our benefits and also save on costs, but we're also going to be holding our employee benefit cost flat to our employees. So this is really creating a win-win opportunity, both from a shareholder perspective, and our employees in terms of better benefits while maintaining the cost that they have to flow back to their families. And then, on the organizational side of the equation, our comms team led by Tania Hanna has redesigned how we serve the company from a comms perspective and really focusing on the things that matter, right? And so, when you think about comms and how we send out external communications or internal communications, what are the things that are really going to move the needle from a value creation perspective in terms of our shareholders. And so they focused on streamlining our overall workflows, and we've actually reduced double digits the number of communications that we're distributing as a result. So that gives you a little bit of color as to the things we're looking at. But the biggest buckets, I would highlight here are really around the material opportunities, both on the direct side and the indirect side of the equation. And so again, going back to -- we're in our fifth year as a company and truly leveraging the scale of L3Harris as a $35 billion market cap. And what we can bring to the table and negotiating with our suppliers has a real opportunity to drive value for our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: Michelle, maybe another question for you. If you could talk about the path to the delevering and just kind of how much cash you need to have on the balance sheet. I think there's probably some more debt coming up, then the company will have an ability to repay. So how do you think about what to term out versus what to repay now?
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for this question as we want every opportunity, we can to highlight that we are focused on debt repayment. And so what are we going to focus on first? We're going to focus on the commercial paper, the higher interest rates the variable rates, if you will. Where we sit today, post-acquisition, we're at $13.5 billion, and our target by the end of the year is to get to about $13 billion of debt. And so from a leverage ratio perspective, we're looking to be at 3.5 and our expectation is that we get below 3 over the next couple of years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Chris Kubasik: Rob, this will be our last question this morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just stepping back, big picture, your margins are 15% today. How do we think about expansion from here, is it possible? And then, to that extent maybe specifically on communication systems, can you talk about the puts and takes there? Can you shake off some of these supply chain issues? And how do you think about the improvement progress and just the core margin of that business and run away from here?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. I think I'll take this one since it's our last question, Sheila, and I guess you snuck in right under the wire here. So good morning. Yes, thanks for acknowledging the 15%, which I think are industry-leading margins, which we are quite, quite proud of. And even though they are industry leading, we are committed to find ways to continue to grow those margins. So on the CS side, we do have the commercial business model, which has played well for us. And that goes beyond just the tactical radios, we also have it at West Cam with our turrets and some of our sensors. So I think that's just an area that we need to leverage. We've been increasing our prices to cover the dilutive effect of the cost increase. And I think that's something that this industry doesn't naturally do. I think we all see in our day-to-day lives, prices are going up all over the place. So we tend to try to want to hold pricing flat. But the new reality is, it's cost you more to buy components and labor. And Michelle mentioned, holding the employee benefit costs flat for 2 years in a row. Those are going to be priced into our products, plain and simple, and that's going to help keep the profitability where it is, if not maybe even increase it. And again, we'll try to leverage the supply chain and power the enterprise. We recently had some successful negotiations by working across all the segments and sectors, getting all the buy together and negotiating at a corporate-wide basis for actually direct material, and everybody does that for indirect, but direct is a lot harder, and we were able to pull that off. So I think that's a key part of it. We haven't talked about E3. That is just in the DNA. It's something we do every day, and that will continue to offset some of the headwinds and contribute to our bottom-line. LHX NeXt, as Michelle gave a great description is, I think, is really a key differentiator for us. It's the continuation, like you said, of what we started with the merger. I think we did the easy stuff first and this is the harder piece and the ultimate goal is to simplify the business and change the way we do business. Everyone wants to just take an arbitrary cut to lower their G&A or overhead, but we are looking at everything and seeing if we can eliminate it, do it differently. And she gave some good early examples, but I think there's a heck of a lot more we can do and that will contribute to lowering our cost base, which will make us more competitive and/or contribute to the bottom-line. And I said it earlier, and I think it's the truth. If you just look at the programs, which you don't have all the visibility to, I appreciate. But if you don't debook profit and you don't have losses, the margins will just naturally grow. So that comes back to the discipline, and I will trade off revenue growth every day of the week for profitable programs. And it's easy to say and sometimes it's harder to do, but if we can get to the point where we're not writing off money on programs for whatever reason, there's only overhead material and labor sounds simple, but you have to get the right contracting vehicle, the right contracting terms, push back on the customer and negotiate a fair deal for all, and that's something we are absolutely going to do. Relative to the mix, I think what you're getting out there is, we do have a portfolio, and we're always going to have cost-plus jobs and fixed price and the cost-plus jobs, generally our development and on the front-end of a potential long-term franchise or annuity of programs. So we will bid, and we will win cost-plus programs. And we all know those margins are dilutive. But I look at it on an ROIC basis, it's effectively infinite. So if we can get 9%, 10%, 11%, 12% cost-plus jobs that lead to low-rate production that lead to full rate production that lead to exporting. That is the grand slam of new business. We will bid it each and every time. And as a portfolio, as Michelle said, we run the company as a portfolio, we look at our financial results as a portfolio. Some segments have a good quarter, some don't. We put it all together, I could not be more proud of the team and what we were able to accomplish in the third quarter, we exceeded expectations on revenue, EPS and cash and it's something we're quite proud of.
Chris Kubasik: So I think with that, I'll just thank everybody for joining the call this morning and another shout out to the employees who are really coming through and delivering a great third quarter. I know we're all working hard on Q4 and can't wait to see everybody in early December for our Investor Day down here in Florida. So with that, we will sign off, and thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Kratz, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Mark Kratz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Chris Kubasik, our CEO, and Michelle Turner, our CFO. During our discussion, we may reference the investor letter that we published to the website yesterday. As always, this call will primarily be focused on answering questions. As you can imagine, given the news, we have a busy day. So we're going to hold the call to 40 minutes this morning. I will be available throughout the day for follow-ups. During the call, we may discuss certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference the safe harbor provision found in the investor letter and our SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the investor letter. Lastly, we conducted an investor perception study in the second quarter and we recently reviewed the results with the Board. I want to thank those who participated and we are incorporating your feedback. Before moving to questions, I'd like to turn it over to Chris for some opening remarks.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday marked a significant milestone for L3Harris in our acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne. Our investor letter disclosed that the FTC will not block our acquisition. This is one of the final closing conditions for the transaction, and we are moving forward to close in the next day or so. I look forward to extending a warm welcome to Aerojet's team of over 5,000 employees who will soon become part of L3Harris. This acquisition represents a pivotal moment for both our company and the defense industry and is poised to generate shareholder value beyond initial expectations. Budgets are increasing for munitions, and the DoD has committed DPA, Defense Production Act, funding for the expansion and modernization of Aerojet Rocketdyne's operations. Upon closing, this acquisition will strengthen the defense industrial base, foster healthy competition and accelerate innovation in support of the war fighter. In conjunction with this exciting news, we continue to focus on execution across the enterprise and have delivered on our financial commitments again in second quarter. Our results reflect the momentum we have been building over the last year, as the team delivered the fourth consecutive quarter of top-line growth which accelerated to 13% with increases in each segment. We don't talk much about our sectors, but 13 of the 14 grew their top-line in Q2 and 13 of 14 had a book-to-bill greater than 1.0. This gives me confidence that we've been investing in the right technologies, and we are aligned with customer priorities. Operating income was up 7% and margins expanded 50 basis points sequentially as we had anticipated. In total, we delivered earnings of $2.95 -- $2.97 per share, ahead of consensus and free cash flow was positive, in line with prior commentary at over $300 million. Given our performance to-date, we are increasing revenue and EPS guidance for the year and reiterating our free cash flow commitment. With easing supply chain constraints, operational improvement initiatives, and accelerating sequential growth in product-centric businesses, we remain focused on delivering second half results for 2023. With that, let's open the line for questions, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yes, thanks. Good morning, Chris, Michelle and Mark. Chris, congratulations on the Aerojet deal. If it's okay, I wanted to kind of focus on that, just versus asking a question about the quarter. But maybe to start, maybe you could just give us high levels, walk us through kind of the go-forward plan on Aerojet and did you have to sign any consent agreements and any comments you would like talk about on integration would be helpful. Thanks again.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, thanks Peter. Just as a reminder, we announced -- signed and announced the deal back in December. We received our second request in mid-March. And here we are 7.5 months later, ready to close the transaction. So it really was a great team effort. I'm not sure everyone appreciates how much time and effort it takes to go through that process. So a special call-out to the L3Harris team, because all because this was in addition to their day jobs. The IT organization going back years, searching emails, text, legal, finance, contracts and a lot of our external partners. So very proud of the team to be where we are in a relatively pretty -- pretty short period of time. It was a very thorough review by the FTC as you can imagine and obviously the DoD, Department of Defense, would have had some input. So we responded to all inquiries and we are where we are today. So we put out that announcement as the -- as the waiting period has expired yesterday. Over the next day or so, we have to finalize the financing and then close the transaction. And I think we're going to be in a good shape to hit the ground running. Relative to your question about the consent agreement, we did not negotiate or sign a consent agreement. We gave assurances to the DoD that we would be a merchant supplier of rocket motors and rocket engines We have a long legacy of being a merchant supplier and we'll continue with that model once we close Aerojet Rocketdyne. I can assure you we are highly motivated to sell rocket engines and rocket motors to anyone who wants to buy them within the rules globally. So some of the theories that were bounced around never made a heck of a lot of sense to me to be honest to you. We bought this company to sell engines and motors and that's what we're going to do. We'll be ready to hit the ground running on day one. We did have integration office with representatives from both teams. So a lot of time and effort on planning and, again, given the L3Harris merger, we had a playbook that we will use. This is obviously an acquisition, but every function, every decision has been made. We're ready to go on day one. So, thanks, Peter. Appreciate the kind comments.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Hey, thanks very much. Good morning everyone and, yeah, congratulations, Chris and Michelle. Maybe I'll just continue along the Aerojet line here. I guess, Chris, it kind of seems to me that the defense department has had a problem sourcing solid rocket motors and L3Harris has kind of raised their hand and volunteered to help solve that problem. So now it's going to get solved. And so, as you think about Aerojet, and we've seen various complaints from their customers over the years on kind of a perceived lack of investment, if you could talk to us about how you plan to address those issues, both from an operational standpoint and then from an investment standpoint, I think, we've all seen the $215 million that they got. I think that's focused primarily on GMLRS, Javelin and Stinger, but there's also Standard Missile, PAC-3, THAAD? So thinking about those programs as well and what the investment requirements are.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. No, again, thanks, Seth. Yeah, we did raise our hands, but to help. We had a pretty active M&A process and there were several companies or a handful of companies that we thought made a lot of sense. And one of those, of course, was the TDL line of ViaSat and of course Aerojet Rocketdyne. And as I've said before, and I know there was feedback, it was kind of unusual that both properties came to market in the same quarter. So it fits in strategically in my opinion. So we're always available to help the DoD, but the strategic rationale for Aerojet Rocketdyne continues to be entry into new markets. These are growth markets as you well know, with -- especially on the weapons side and it's well aligned with the government priorities, I already mentioned. From when we announced it to where we are today, significant increases in in the budget. And as you mentioned, the DPA money was over and above maybe what we had planned. So I think that makes a lot of sense. We've been impressed as we've gone out to the sites, with the talent and the skill of the workforce at these sites and as you would expect, the majority of those key individuals, hopefully all of them will be staying with the merger. And again, as of last night, the top 100 or so individuals we identified, over 98% have agreed to stay with the company. So I was excited to see that. I think hypersonics is going to be a capability that is very exciting. It doesn't get a whole lot of press, but longer term, when I look at where things are headed, I think the -- or soon to be our capability in hypersonics, that actually sounds pretty good. Our hypersonic capability is going to be a differentiator and I think continue to disrupt the market. We used to answer lots of questions about the backlog and whether we're short cycled, long cycled, but this clearly brings some long cycle backlog to L3Harris, gives us more earnings visibility. And the business case that we laid out back in December with accretion of EPS and free cash flow in the first full year and first full second year continue to remain in place or maybe slightly better. So relative to your question on operations, we obviously comply with the rules. There's this concept known as gun jumping, which is something you don't want to do. So we did not gun jump, which means we really couldn't get too involved in their businesses. But through the diligence process, we were able to engage with their team. They have a plan to go forward that we've reviewed. It's a real focus on deliveries and quality of critical missile programs. You mentioned a fair amount of those. And most of that surrounds the modernization of the Camden, Arkansas production operations and expanding production across other sites. And as you mentioned, the DPA, the $215 million, we've looked at that plan. That money will go mainly to those facilities and the programs you mentioned, but there’s also money in there to digitize their engineering. So we're quite excited about that. So we've developed some tools since the merger to improve operations and processes. We utilize capability modeling, we have zero defect planning, just as a couple of examples. So we're going to take those processes and merge them into what Aerojet has and we'll be ready to hit the ground running on day one. We'll be at the key sites and we have a plan to execute. It's going to take some time you would imagine, but they're excited about the acquisition. We're excited about it. And in next 48 hours or so, we just want to close it and get ready to go from there. So, thanks, Seth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Michelle Turner: Hey, good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Sticking with the topic at hand, I wanted to ask a financial question. Given that you've just updated guidance, but yet you're going to close this in the next day or two, I was wondering, Chris, if either you or Michelle could talk about the guidance with Aerojet included for the rest of the year both from a P&L perspective and then just maybe to follow on to Seth's question on the CapEx or investment perspective for the rest of '23? And then in that CapEx vein, how you think about that long term?
Michelle Turner: Yeah. So I'll start, Rob. Good morning and thanks for joining. So as Chris pointed out, we're focused on closing the deal first and then welcoming all the new AeroJet employees for the day one celebratory event. So we certainly are going to get to the guide. We do plan to update the guidance in October for the five months remaining as part of our Q3 earnings call. And then of course for 2024, that'll part of our January update consistent with the rest of our portfolio. Once we have officially closed, we will be reviewing the forecasts and the assumptions, but high level, we do anticipate revenue to be around $1 billion for the remainder of the year, but we don't anticipate a material contribution to earnings as we anticipate the income contribution will offset the interest expense from the incremental debt. To Chris' point around the value creation, I do just want to remind everybody what we had shared previously which is consistent with where we stand today. EPS accretion within year one, along with free cash flow within year two.
Chris Kubasik: Again, I think we'll give more and more details at -- let’s hit the next -- at the next earnings call. We will have two months of actual results, and we can give guidance for the remainder of the year, which of course is only three more months. And I think it's all about January of '24 when we give guidance for ‘24 for L3Harris. And this will be a separate segment, as we've said before, so you'll have visibility to growth and the profitability for all four segments. And I was going to mention this at the end, but I know there's several calls going on. So I'll just do it now. We are going to have a Investor Day in December, something that we've wanted to do, but we didn't want to schedule until we had confidence that the deal was going to close. So we'll get something out here in the weeks ahead on a date and a location. But at that time, we're going to give you a deeper insight to Aerojet Rocketdyne update and refresh how our Trusted Disruptor strategy is performing and then some of the other organic growth drivers that we have in our portfolio. So more to come, but we look forward to seeing hopefully everybody in person in December.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned: Yeah, I want to switch gears a little bit here. When -- if you look at where a lot of things are going right now in DoD and elsewhere, with the TDL acquisition, in principle, having Link 16 combined with other assets you've got in comms, space, IMS, it should put you in a pretty interesting position to provide some really integrated system solutions. Now, I'm just interested in how you see the opportunity there, how large could that be if in fact you see that? And then trying to -- assuming you do, trying to make that work, how do you go after something when this is a company that historically you've operated in many small silos as businesses and this would involve really an integrated approach that I don't think we've seen so much in the past here?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, thanks, Doug. Yeah, a lot of questions there. Look, I think the bottom line here is the TDL acquisition is really looking better than maybe we had expected. It's probably too early to declare success, but we're off to a real strong start. I'll just pick up on the operations first and then get to your more strategic question. But part of the plan was to integrate and move the production to Salt Lake City, where we have our BCS, Broadband Communication Systems, sector headquartered, which will co-locate these properties. So as of today, we've actually moved more than half of the production lines successfully. We're slightly ahead of schedule, which is always good. And we've already built first articles with no issues related to the production lines that we've moved. So we kind of expected that to be the case, but it's never easy to move a production line or several production lines, but that's going better than planned and actually more employees have agreed to relocate than we had planned for, which I think is contributing to the success. Sam Mehta, our segment President, and I will be out there next week for a few days and topics you're talking about are clearly on the agenda. I think on an integrated approach, our company does this probably better than anyone. We've had some successes over the last year or so on some significant classified programs, on Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle, on SPEAR for the Navy and each and every one of these have in excess of seven or eight different L3Harris entities working collaboratively across multiple segments. So we think all the challenges the companies have working internally, whether it's the internal accounting, the cost transfer, who gets credit for the bonuses, all the reasons why people have a hard time working collaboratively, we've been able to fix. And I think that's really set us up well for exactly what you're talking about. I mean, the customer interest has been very, very strong. And most of the discussions have focused on how we integrate the BCS waveforms with the Link 16 capabilities. We talked about Link 16 having the footprint in over 20,000 platforms. So the boxes to put it crudely are already there and it's just a matter of taking those capabilities and integrating them and then also possibly enhancing the Link 16 capabilities. I think, while that sounds like a lot of words, what we were excited about and we put in the investor letter is that near the end of the quarter, we won, specifically TDL, a $150 million competitive Prime award for MIDS, and MIDS is the Multifunctional Information Distribution System as part of the Joint Tactical Radio program. This was the largest production order ever. It's about three times larger than anything we've ever received. And I think that's tangible example of the customer excitement and the capabilities. Obviously, we have strong backlog as a result of that order in that one business. And as I said, I couldn't be more pleased with this acquisition and still more to do, but everything is looking good so far. So hopefully that helps, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Sure. Good morning, Chris and Michelle. Thank you. I want to ask specifics on margins in the quarter and how we think about the second half. So I guess first up on Q2, CS performance was pretty good, tracking ahead of your full year. How do we think about mix benefits, the normalization of supply chain and the sustainability of 25% plus margins in CS? And then additionally, if you could dig into the operational items within IMS and what drives the sequential step-up in the second half? Thank you.
Michelle Turner: Good morning, Sheila, and thanks for the question. So I will start with our overall enterprise margins and then peel the onion a bit from a segment perspective because there's a lot of good work that's happening across the portfolio. So to your point, our Q2 margins did come in at 14.8%. This is a 50 basis point improvement from Q1. And I just want to note that this is also consistent with what we've previously communicated in terms of sequential margin improvement expected throughout the year. And this will land us in a place from our updated guidance of getting us to our 15% expectations, which again continues to be industry-leading in terms of margin performance. One thing I want to highlight from a overall portfolio perspective is, key to this result within Q1 and it's also going to drag over the last couple of years is our overall EAC performance. And this is important because 75% of our portfolio is driven by programs, right, which is driven by EACs. And so it impacts our bottom line So aligned with this, Q2 was the first quarter that we saw our EAC trend trajectory start to improve since the second half of 2021. So you may recall this is when the macro environment challenges started across all industries. It started to permeate within supply chain, then we saw the issues with labor and inflation that permeated throughout 2022. And so where we sit today, specifically within CS, and kudos to Sam Mehta and the CS team delivered really strong margins within the quarter, a 200 basis point improvement from Q1, really driven by all the resilient supply chain actions that we've taken. You've heard us talk about this over the last 12 to 18 months, but also the easing of the electronic component shortages and we also have the benefit of increased software mix within the quarter. So really strong delivery for Q2. As we look at full year, we expect second half for CS to be consistent with the first half with Q3 being a bit lighter in terms of domestic mix with that ramping within fourth quarter. From a IMS perspective, we did continue to see an impact from increased domestic ISR mix. This, along with some operational challenges on fixed price development programs at a couple of our remote sites permeated and had an impact within the quarter. Jon Rambeau and our IMS team are addressing these issues. They are predominantly related to talent and learning loss inefficiencies and we expect the results of these actions to have a positive impact as we progress towards the end of the year. In regards to the second half ramp, again, this is consistent in terms of the initial guidance that we laid out, but it's really driven by two things. One is around this continual improvement in terms of EAC performance. As I noted, we saw this start to trend upward within Q2. We expect that trend to continue as we are working through that fixed price backlog that has been impacted by these macro issues over the last 12 to 18 months. And the second is driven by our product deliveries. Consistent with what we've experienced in the past, we expect our product deliveries to be higher in the second half, high single digits, which is going to be able to deliver on the margin expectations. The other thing I would note is within Q4, we do have a higher mix of our international product sales and so you'll see this play out both within TCOM and Wescam. So from a modeling perspective, expect that fourth quarter margins are going to be better than Q3.
Chris Kubasik: I'll just chime in. I think we try to highlight within IMS, the challenges on these few select programs were within the ISR and the maritime sectors. I will say that there continues to be a lot of demand for those products and capabilities. We do a fair amount of undersea test ranges for the US Navy and we've been successful in winning work just recently for the similar capability in Australia. We've talked about Compass Call here for the US Air Force. There's similar capabilities for a European country that will be mainly focused on modernizing the aircraft, which will have higher margins since the aircraft have already been procured. We're continuing to pursue undersea test range and sensing capability here in the US Navy, kind of a follow-on to something that we started winning four or five years ago. We've talked about the business jets and the strategy years ago to start missionizing business jets. We have an opportunity to far east, we have another opportunity in Europe. And then here in the US, you saw that we won the ATHENA-R program, which we're very excited about. I think the other day we announced that we're teaming with another OEM on ATHENA-S. We'd kind of hope to win one of the two and now we're going to go two for two. And then the Army has a program known as HADES, which could be up to 10 aircraft. So there's a lot of opportunities and how I want to tie this back to the margins is IMS has the longer cycle backlog relative to the other businesses, say, CS in particular. They have a lot of fixed price contract, probably some fixed price development programs, which I think I've publicly said we're really going to be selective on bidding going forward, especially when the customer is asking for a fixed price production or low rate production, simultaneous with development, that's just bad business and makes no sense and we're going to continue to push back and not bid those because very hard to price something that you haven't developed. But I have discussions on that topic regularly with our customers and we will continue to no-bid those until the contracting vehicle is appropriate. So I throw that in that some of these challenges which Michelle laid out well is really the lagging effect of attrition and inflation because of the long cycle business. We've taken those lessons that we've learned or we've more bluntly or clearly updated these bids based on the latest performance, the latest cost. So every single program I mentioned is double digit and sometimes more than double digit margins or higher double digit. So we'll get those wins, we'll get those in backlog that gives me confidence that we'll be able to improve the margins in IMS with Jon and his team.
Michelle Turner: Yeah. The only other thing I would add to that is just as a reminder, when we set out our guidance this year, we were purposeful of not including any international buying or events, we still have a strong pipeline that we're chasing there, just the recognition that we know we've disappointed historically when we put those in and then not been able to get them over the goal line because of their timing constraints. And so we continue to have a strong backlog there with our pipeline as we look into 2024 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please proceed with your question.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Pete Skibitski: Chris, I was wondering if you could add more color on strong first half book-to-bill at space in particular. And I know you guys have obviously done well with some of the low earth orbit awards, but seems like there's a lot of other things going on for you in space as well. So wondering if you could talk more about what you're winning there and kind of your approach, how you're winning it and how big the opportunity set is there?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Pete. We talk about this Trusted Disruptor strategy at the L3Harris level. And as you would expect, it really flows down to each and every one of the sectors. And I mentioned we have 14 sectors When we close Aerojet Rocketdyne, we'll be up to 16 sectors as they'll have two sectors within that segment. But it's hard to think of a better example than maybe space where they've really been able to embrace this strategy and execute upon it. And at the highest level, we talk about doing more prime work with the end users, being more innovative, being more agile. I know it just sounds like buzzwords, but it's clearly working in space. And to back it up, at the time of the merger, we had five satellites, mainly experimental demo satellites under contract. And today, we have over 50 contracts for satellites. I mean, that's a 10x in four years, which I think reinforces to what's implied in your question that what we're doing is working. We actually have two classified operational constellations. Again, five years ago, we didn't have any. We might have had parts on other people's satellites on their constellation. So we really have disrupted this market and we're viewed as a prime and a legitimate competitor and we're winning and we're performing. We've invested a fair amount in R&D to get us in this position in capital. We're actually facilitating, we have two facilities, one in Fort Wayne, Indiana that we expanded and one here down in Palm Bay, Florida satellite manufacturing. So we're investing capital for growth, which will allow us to continue to perform. I mean, just since the merger, our revenue is up in space alone over 50%. We have record backlog, we have solid execution. We can always do better. We've had some challenges with certain suppliers. We don't call anybody out by name, but we just kind of work with those -- with those companies to bring them along. So in the space world, it all comes down to launches. We have a bunch of launches coming up in October and that's where the money hits the road. We're excited about a launch we have, the co-manifested payloads, both our SDA tranche 0 satellites will be going up with the MDA's HBTSS satellite. So I think that worked out real well. Upcoming opportunities, we do a lot of work going back decades for NOAA for their weather satellites, about $700 million opportunity coming up this year. We feel really good about that. It's called the sounder program. As always, a lot of classified opportunities, which I know is never satisfying for you and others to hear, Pete, but they are there. The SDA tranche 2 for tracking, the RFP is coming out. So we'll be prepared to respond there. And I think at the end of the day, you hear me talk a lot about prioritization and aligning with customers' needs. Secretary Kendall at the Air Force, their number one operating imperative is all about space. So we have the mission sets. We have the phenomenologies. We've adapted to the rapid acquisition process and we've been quite successful. So couldn't be more proud of the team. And it's just one example where the strategy has been laid out, it's been executed and it's working. So, more to come.
Michelle Turner: I would just add to that, because along with the top-line, this team is also fully embracing our performance-first initiative. They're also driving really strong cash performance as well. So nine day working capital improvement within -- from Q1 to Q2. And so kudos to Ed and Kelly in the space team because it's -- sometimes it's easier to grow the top-line without doing the cash along with it and they fully embraced all the financial metrics to really drive this business.
Mark Kratz: Rob, in the interest of time and to stop at 40 minutes, we'll go ahead and take the last question this morning.
Operator: Our final question is from Myles Walton with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Chris, I wanted to ask about TDL, at the sales and the margin side, I think the sales year-to-date since you've rounded it down [about 10%] (ph), did the MIDS contract you mentioned turn that around, get you back above a $400 million sort of run rate where you acquired it? And then on the margin side, if I strip out some of the market loss making contracts, the margins look a bit light. Is there a case for a significant margin expansion once those MIDS drop in? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Myles. Good questions. Yeah, we see a path to $400 million or more of revenue for TDL. It was a little bit of a slower start. But with the MIDS win I mentioned and some of the other opportunities we're pursuing, we definitely see a second half ramp coming with MIDS. I think this is lot number 11. So it's been a long production cycle as we've mentioned, a long legacy program. And I think same, similarly on the margins. As part of the move, we're going to have some efficiencies, not only in labor, but overhead and facilities. So we'll start to see the synergies, if you will, kick in and further upward margin potential. And again, this will all be mainly in our Salt Lake City. It's all about base and the ability to win new programs. I'll also throw in there that one of my programs, I've talked about for years Next Gen Jammer, that work would be done in Salt Lake City as well. And that's been a several year process as you know. There was an independent review team that finally came out with their report with no substantive changes. We've turned in our proposal and we're hoping to hear by the end of September. So I just throw that in Myles because it's in the same facility and gives us a larger base, if you will, to absorb the overhead, thereby creating other opportunities for margin expansion. So thank you very much.
Chris Kubasik: I guess with that, we'll just wrap up the call. Again, apologies to cut it a little bit short, but Mark and his team will be available all day. And, Michelle and I have to go work some acquisition related tasks as I hope you can appreciate. So thanks for dialing in. And again, we'll get you more information about the Investor Day in December and have a great rest of the week. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Kratz, Vice president, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Mark Kratz: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to today's call. Joining me are Chris Kubasik, our CEO, and Michelle Turner, our CFO. During our discussion, we may reference our Investor Letter that we published on our website yesterday. We're listening to investor feedback and have made some enhancements. Given the detail on this letter, this call will primarily be focused on answering questions. We may also discuss certain matters that constitute forward-looking statements. These statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please reference the Safe Harbor provision found in the Investor letter and our SEC filings. Lastly, we will frequently discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to comparable GAAP measures in the Investor Letter. Before moving to questions, I'd like to turn it over to Chris for some opening remarks.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Good morning and thanks, Mark, and welcome aboard. We've been focusing on execution under our Performance First imperative and I'm pleased with our results. The first quarter was strong in many respects as we continue to build momentum with our trusted disruptor strategy, resulting in record orders and record backlog, improving macro trends serve as a positive backdrop, including the President's 2024 budget request released to Congress in March. We are well aligned with the priorities in the National Defense Strategy, which is reflected in robust funding and major areas for us, including space and joint force capabilities as well as missiles and munitions given our pending acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne. Our goal for Q1 was to grow the top line, meet the EPS number and have positive cash flow. The team rallied and delivered on all counts. For a third consecutive quarter, we had top line growth, a 9% increase with each segment growing. Operating income was up in two of the three segments, despite the usual headwinds. However, we came in line with where we thought we would be to begin the year. This resulted in EPS of $2.86 and we anticipate building from there. Free cash flow came in at over 300 million, a significant improvement from a year ago and we also front loaded our share repurchase commitment for the year. We received a second request from the FTC in March, which was followed by the Aerojet Rocketdyne shareholder approval vote the following day. Both of these outcomes were expected and we are responding to the FTC. We still anticipate the deal will close later this year. First quarter results are differentiated winning strategy and the overall business environment led us to reaffirm our 2023 guidance with the recognition that record orders and strong revenue growth to date could support a bias towards the higher end of our revenue guidance range should these trends continue. We still have work to do on profitability, but with abating macro headwinds, operational improvement initiatives and accelerating sequential growth in product centric businesses, we remain committed to our full year EPS guidance. So we're off to a strong start and I'd like to recognize our employees for continuing to prioritize Performance First in everything they do. With that, let's open the lines for questions, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Matt Akers with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Akers: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to put maybe a finer point on the Rocketdyne timing. Have you I guess substantially complied with the FTC's second request you had, If not, sort of how much is left there? I think that's what starts the clock for that review.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Matt. Thanks for the question. We're gathering the data as you would anticipate. It's usually about a three to four month process. So we got the second request mid-March. So that would kind of suggest a June submission both for us and I know Aerojet Rocketdyne is doing the same thing. I have a feeling they'll probably submit a little earlier than us, given they've already done this, done this once. So, you know, the reason I'm confident in the 2023 close really comes down to the FTC's evaluation of this transaction. And, you know, when we look at it, we do not compete with Aerojet Rocketdyne. I mean, plain and simple, they make rocket motors and rocket engines and we do not. And that term is known as horizontal competitiveness. And there is none. We are not a customer of theirs. They are not a customer of ours, which is the term of art, the FTC and lawyers uses vertical competition. So I look at this and say, if there's no vertical competition and no horizontal competition, we'll submit the data, we'll certify the information, and we'll let the process run. You know, I think I'll just take a minute since I'm not sure I'll get any more Aerojet questions today. And I just think there's an incredible amount of confusion, mainly in DC, whether it's the DOD, the FTC or Members of Congress, and there are three terms that are used interchangeably that mean completely different things, and that is consolidation, merger and acquisition. And consolidation, in my opinion, is when two companies with similar capabilities combine and I think back 25 years to McDonnell Douglas and Boeing and they consolidated and nobody can dispute that after that transaction closed, there was one less commercial and military aircraft provider. And that's not what we're talking about today. A merger. I think a good example is obviously L3 and Harris. Two companies that are complementary, came together, which is now why we have capabilities and space, air, land, sea and cyber domains, significant revenue synergies, significant cost synergies over 650 million of cost savings that we shared with our shareholders and the DOD and resulted in a stronger company, in this case, providing more competition within the defense industrial base. And then Aerojet Rocketdyne is an acquisition. It's about 10% of our enterprise value. It's all cash. It's putting us into new markets that I mentioned already that we believe are growth markets as high? That I mentioned already that we believe are growth markets as highlighted in some of the recent budget decisions and fills in a gap in our portfolio. So I just felt I wanted to clarify that point and that is what gives me confidence that this deal will close in the second half of '23.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your quest0ion.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning, Chris and Michelle and Mark. Welcome to the call. Chris, good seeing you on CNBC last night. I know they let anyone on these days. So nice that they got an upgrade with you. But in all seriousness, good quarter. And you called out space in addition to Aerojet on that segment. Your space business, 1.5 billion of new prime space awards. What types of opportunities are you seeing in the market? And has there been a shift in the competitive backdrop given some of the moves to smaller space systems? And then where do you think LHX is gaining share? And tied to that, there were a number of international awards within Space. Is there a shift in the dynamics that you're seeing just given space has become more open to the US working with allies?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, thank you, Sheila. I was actually in Clifton, New Jersey all day with our electronic warfare team. So just a short drive to get on TV. So thank you. Thank you for that. You know, let me kind of kick this off and then I'll ask Michelle to give a little more detail. And I really want to step back and think of space and the space domain and how it aligns with the strategy that we've been talking about since the merger. So a few fun facts that the date of the merger there were actually zero L3Harris or legacy company satellites in orbit. Today, there are seven that we have built, obviously, as a prime and we have 33 in backlog as a prime that will be launched over the next couple of years. So when we look back, we saw this as a growth market several years ago, which it is. We invested R&D and capital and facilities and tooling to position ourselves for growth. And the discussion aligned with what we've been saying for several years was to move up the food chain and become a prime by providing disruptive technologies and alternatives to our customers. And I think as we sit here today, we can see that that strategy, that investment is starting to payoff. We're probably best known recently for the work we're doing with the Missile Defense Agency and the Space Development Agency launches that will be coming up in the next year or so. But we're also a market leader in weather and ISR and also space exploration. And I appreciate you highlighting the fact that we're growing internationally as well. You don't always think of space as an international growth opportunity, but the team has a global reputation of delivering on time and having quality products, and we're seeing that being recognized around the globe. So, Michelle, do you want to maybe give more detail?
Michelle Turner: Yeah. So I'll add some color in terms of our strategy and action and some of the numbers, Sheila. So thanks for highlighting this. So over the last six months we have submitted over 7 billion in space proposals, booking a billion and a half within Q1. So we're super excited about this book-to-bill over 2.0 within this sector. Kelly and her team are doing an amazing job in terms of recognizing the current environment within the US. But also to your point, Sheila, around expanding the aperture in terms of international exposure as well. Half of the -- billion and a half in bookings are international in nature. And so when we think about margins within this space, this is where Kelly and the team are thinking differently in terms of leveraging our domestic footprint to be able to drive shareholder value in a different way across the globe. So we're excited about this double-digit growth from a revenue perspective. We expect this to continue to be a tailwind for us within '23 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, Chris, Michelle and Mark. Chris, on the supply chain. It's encouraging to see that the market conditions for electronic components are improving. Your critical parts shortage is declining and alternate parts are increasing. So is this tracking better or worse or as you expected? And if we continue to see the supply chain improvement accelerate, could we see upside to your full year guide beyond the upper end?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Kristine. I believe the worst is behind us relative to all the macro headwinds we've talked about supply chain attrition and inflation. But to your question specifically on supply chain, you know, I'm proud of the team because these alternative parts just don't happen. We took a fair amount of talent and expense to redesign our products, if you will, design for availability. And the team has done an amazing job. And as we highlighted in our letter, we now have 1300 alternative parts that weren't originally designed into our products. So that's been able to allow us to grow. As you saw in the quarter and maybe position us for continued growth for the rest of the year. I think after the last few years, I hate to predict anything because it's hard to predict what's going to happen day to day or month to month. But I feel real good about the opportunities and the positioning. And we referenced, you know, we've signed a strategic agreement with a major microelectronic chip providing company. The benefit for us is it gives us assured availability and kind of moves us up and out of the allocation process, which is always an uncertainty kind of day by day. And in exchange for that, you know, we're sitting down and sharing with them our technology roadmap and working collaboratively as we design new products, taking advantage of some of their more advanced technologies. So long way of saying we're happy with the first quarter. We have good visibility for Q2 and beyond. And you know, if we continue with this momentum, it's possible we could see outperformance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Deuschle with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Michelle, can you lay out what drove the softer margins in IMS.
Michelle Turner: Yeah, absolutely, Scott. Good morning. How are you?
Scott Deuschle: IMS and CS this quarter and then walk through the factors that unlocked the implied margin improvement in the second half. And if you can touch on the dynamics with backlog repricing, that would also be very helpful. Thank you.
Michelle Turner: So we're getting a little bit of a garbled feedback, Scott, but I think what you're asking about is IMS margins and back half improvement for overall enterprise?
Scott Deuschle: Yeah, that's right. Backlog repricing. Thank you.
Michelle Turner: Yeah, absolutely. So before I jump into the margins, I just want to kind of set the stage in terms of how we set the expectations for our team within Q1. We really had three objectives. One was to grow top line. The second was to meet our EPS and the third was to improve on our cash position from last year. And we met all three of those. And so to your point. Q1 margins did come in light. They were aligned with expectations, however. And so I think it's important to go back to what we talked about in our last earnings call, where we talked about having a more balanced plan this year. And in terms of revenue and EBIT, the expectations was revenue would be balanced with our first half margins being lower and accelerating in the second half, really driven by two things. One is around our higher margin product deliveries. So as we see the supply chain constraints continue to ease, we expect that our product deliveries are going to continue to improve, which is going to drive margins in the second half of the year. The second is related to our fixed price backlog and we talked about this a little bit in Q4, but aligned with our -- the macro headwinds that have been experienced across the industry and the higher inflationary environment. We experienced this particularly acutely within three of our sectors, which we talked about within the letter EW, IVS and ISR. We expect that this is going to continue to dissipate as we start to see some of the actions that we take -- we took at the end of last year start to pay dividends in the second half of this year. So we have a path to getting to the margins in the second half. And one other thing I would note in terms of Q1 is our Q1 margins were a bit deflated by lumpy aircraft revenue recognition within our ISR business. When you look at this, it's about a 40 to 50 basis point impact within the quarter. So we expect as this normalizes, that's also going to help our EBIT in the second half, the EBIT margins in the second half of the year. And then to your question specifically, Scott, on IMS, there's two pieces there. One is the mix. And for those that have been on this journey with us, you're familiar with our lumpy aircraft revenue recognition. So as I talked about from an enterprise perspective. In Q1, this had this dynamic played out for us. We did recognize the C3D order from the Air Force and as a result that aircraft revenue had an impact in terms of lower margins within the quarter. So we expect that that's going to continue to improve throughout the year as we work on the missionization of those aircraft. The second piece is related to the fixed price backlog that I talked about. This was an acute impact within our ISR business. And so you may remember we talked about attrition concerns that we had in Q4 along with the macro headwinds where we sit today within Q1, we are seeing improvement and we have seen our attrition stabilize and this is good news in terms of seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. And so we expect that the attrition and the performance is going to stabilize and we'll see less of those negative VAC impacts as we make our way through the year.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, I think I'll just chime on Scott a little bit more. And look none of us are happy where we are in Q1 with the margins, but it's exactly what we had planned. And we clearly have a ramp to get to 15.5 by the end of the year, which we will. You know, we kind of teased out in the letter a little bit about our enterprise transformation. And I just wanted to talk briefly about that. You know, it's actually been less than four years ago that we had the merger. And what I call Phase One was our three year integration, which I highlighted is very, very successful with over 650 million of savings. But that was really just Phase One, right? That was harmonizing the benefits, closing down headquarters, consolidating segments, taking advantage, you know, of the enterprise relative to supply chain rebidding contracts. And, you know, it's water under the bridge, but still proud of what the team was able to accomplish, especially during COVID. So the natural evolution under our continuous improvement mindset is to move into Phase Two. And we've really looked at the success of our trusted disruptor strategy and how it's being embraced by our customers and suppliers, and we're applying it to ourselves. How do we disrupt ourselves and how do we get better and more efficient? So we just completed about a ten-week sprint to highlight and confirm that there are opportunities for us and we're trying to figure out how we're going to function differently and really rethink every function and everything we do. Easy example would be on real estate, especially as we've supported and embraced the remote and hybrid world. We don't need nearly as much office space as we used to, and there's a clear opportunity for savings. We're looking at functional cost. We're looking at what we do. We started using as everybody as I'm sure bots to remove some of the manual labor and actually provide some savings and also our indirect procurement strategy, just to name a few of the things. So now that the sprint is complete. We're in the design phase of the program. And on our next call, we plan to give you some actual tangible numbers and tangible timeframe to show how this is going to make L3Harris an even better company and contributed to our already industry leading margins. So the entire leadership team is excited about this project and I think we're off to a good start and more to come in, you know, 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning Chris, Michelle and Mark.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Chris, I wanted to ask on working capital and I'm sure Michelle want to weigh in. I know you've kind of focused on driving the metrics lower over the last few years. And last year you obviously built up some inventory. Maybe you could just update us I know working capital was less of a use this quarter, but maybe whether you think the 53 days that you kind of ended in 2021, is that still something you can target this year? And ultimately do you think you can get into the 40s? Thanks so much.
Michelle Turner: Yeah, Peter. The short answer is we expect to get back to the 53, 54 levels by the end of this year. And so what you saw in Q1 were really proud of the teams. We saw working capital improved by about 300 million year-on-year. That's about an eight day improvement from where we were at this point at the end of Q1 '22, really driven by receivables. And I just want to highlight this is a great example of our Performance First initiative in action. So many thanks to our finance program management and contracts teams for implementing what we affectionately call Money Mondays, which is really focused on truncating our billing and invoicing processes to drive a more efficient use of our working capital. As a result, we were able to improve our DSO by two days from the same period last year. And so to your point about getting to the 5, 54 by the end of this year, we have to drive about 300 million of improvement between Q1 and the end of the year. And this is predominantly going to come from inventory. Almost equally split between our product inventory, which is going to be driven by the easing of supply chain constraints being able to ramp our deliveries in the second half of the year, but also around our performance based milestones on some of the new program wins that we have. The space business is a great example of that, where we're negotiating and getting cash up front as a result of some of these new orders. But then also executing on those programs are going to deliver cash for us in the second half as well.
Chris Kubasik: And Peter, clearly working capital is a top priority. It's something we briefed our board at each and every meeting. And as we have our monthly reviews, that's something that Michelle, I and the team look at. You know, I don't think it was surprising to see it. The working capital days grow in the last couple of years. You know, we were taking the approach, you know, to get all the parts we could pretty much at any cost, and that resulted in a build-up of inventory. We're much more confident in our ability now to plan and have alternatives to part. So you'll see that contribute as we bring down the working capital days. And if you recall, we were very aggressive and continue to be in negotiating performance based payments versus progress payments and tying the receipt of cash to specific performance milestones. And, you know, I view that as an opportunity. I think it's fair to say there's certain programs that are behind schedule either due to our performance or our suppliers performance. And you know, that's fine. We've identified it and we're working it. And that gives me even further confidence that we'll be able to hit our numbers as we continue to perform and tie the cash to those milestones. So thanks for the question, Peter.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you. As you work through the process on Aerojet Rocketdyne, how are you thinking about divestitures at this point? Things stand out that light commercial aircraft, simulation and training, public safety. So how are you thinking about kind of the timing of when you might do a divestiture, what the size might be, and how do you decide what fits?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Well, good morning, Doug. And yeah, we've talked about the need to divest to generate cash to help fund the Aerojet Rocketdyne acquisition. So, yeah, we're not going to actually disclose what we've decided is non-core, but we have a regular process to review our portfolio and see as the company evolves, we're becoming more and more of a government or defense contractor. So we want things that align with the rest of the portfolio where we have synergies and the ability to share technologies and processes. We closed a real small one for 70 million, but for the larger ones, there's a process going on. We wanted to get through the first quarter right to update with current financial results and show that these are good if not great businesses. And it's the usual analysis, you know, we have good businesses and they're better owners for those businesses. We're not at all in a fire sale situation. We're going to take our time and we're going to get the maximum value for those properties. And, you know, I'd hope we could probably sign and announce something this year, maybe close one in Q4 or early 2024. But we'll run a process. We get a lot of inbound calls, especially after something like this, where I say what I just said, but there's interest in our portfolio. I'll just leave it at that and I'm confident we'll be able to get some proceeds. And I think I've previously said about $1 billion of proceeds from this process, meaning two or three divestitures. So I'll stay committed to that number.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global Research. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Chris, Michelle, Mark, good morning. How are you? If it's okay, I'd like to return to the subject of bookings and the 1.3 book-to-bill you did in the quarter. I thought you might talk about full year bookings expectations. And then if we start to think longer term period of growth and the opportunity set, I was kind of wondering if you what you're thinking about if book-to-bill should be better than one in this growth period? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. I mean, we always set our internal goals and aspirations to be more than 101 on book-to-bill. It's kind of hard to grow if you're not booking more orders than the revenue you're recognizing. I think the 1.3 was -- is absolutely a great way to start the year. When we talked last time, you know, this is the impact of a continuing resolution, right. And, until the CR gets broken loose, which it did, we start to see the money flow. And as I've said before, the only one who dislikes the CR more than industry is the Department of Defense. So I think we're off to a really good start. The President's budget request of $842 billion is 3% growth, as you know, Rich. And when you peel it back 4% on the investment accounts, you couple that with what we've been able to do internationally the last several years, the interest in the TCOM, the Space International, you would clearly expect that we'll be over 10 for book-to-bill for the year. And aspirationally I'd like to be at least 105 and maybe even 11. But it's somewhat lumpy, right, as you know. And it depends on we only talk and record the funded backlog. So that always has a little bit of a difference maybe relative to other companies. But we're feeling really, really good. And I think the key message here is, you know, this just confirms that, that our strategy is working and the customers appreciate and recognize what we're trying to do. Sometimes, we have more innovative solutions. The focus is on speed and schedule and cost. So we kind of mix those in and they've been pretty aggressive in pursuing different markets and different technologies. I will also say that Michelle and I and the team spent a lot of time focused on risk management and we had two opportunities in the quarter that were pretty exciting to us. But when the final RFP came out, there were fixed price development with fixed priced options and we chose not to bid those for obvious reasons. It's very hard to commit to a fixed price development program when you don't know the spec. I think we all look back at all the write-offs and losses and more times than not they're tied to that. So we will not be playing that game. I've elevated it to what I think is the highest levels within the Pentagon and the RFP has come out. We're not going to bid. And I would think over time others aren't going to bid. And ultimately we'll go back to the appropriate contracting vehicle for the appropriate opportunity. So kind of a roundabout answer there, Rich, but I wanted to cover a few of those -- a few of those points. I guess I'll just maybe throw in the pending acquisition of Aerojet Rocketdyne. I mean, by all accounts, and it's not always easy to look and compare apples-to-apples, but the munitions line in '24 appears to be at least 20% higher than '23. So I think we all know the need and the desire for these munitions for not only current threats, but future threats in addition to refilling the stockpile. So I think the acquisition in December made a heck of a lot of sense. And I think when you look at the budget, it makes even more sense. So I'll just leave it at that.
Michelle Turner: And Rich just to add, international part of this, 30% of our 5.8 billion of record order within the quarter were international and the book-to-bill was over 1.5 for international. So really speaks to what Chris was alluding to in terms of the strategies working.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe kind of a number of things, Chris, but maybe just to go back to Aerojet, pretty well publicized about some of the capacity challenges and production challenges they're having. They just got this award from the DoD for $215 million to enhance their capabilities in production. I guess one of the overhangs or concerns out there was how much cash you guys were going to have to invest in that business. So clearly this potentially alleviates your CapEx. But I guess I'm trying to figure out, when can you guys start working together? Do you have to wait for this to close? Because I would imagine you guys would want to have some strategic input in terms of how they're building out or investing into the facilities to ramp up production. And I guess, just also staying on Aerojet, you mentioned divestitures. And I just wondered, does the -- do the big lower space engines fit in your portfolio? Or when you talk about these divestitures, can something fall out of Aerojet?
Chris Kubasik: Let me try to address them. Yes, relative to working together, there's some pretty clear rules that are called gun jumping, and we're very conscious, as is Aerojet Rocketdyne, not to trip over those thresholds. So we cannot actually work together and help them relative to the DPA money. We're aware of it. We have the ability to review the documents. But Eileen is running her company, I'm running my company. And until we close, we can't really change that. And that's been around forever with all acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, but all the more reason to get this transaction approved in a timely manner so that we can start working on that. The Defense Production Act, DPA, it's actually been around since the '50s. So this is a pile of money, a bucket of money that the DoD has, and it's really there to help strengthen the resiliency of the defense industrial base. And with the focus on manufacturing and capability of these key technologies, I was pleased to see that they received this money. I know the team has been working on this for probably a year there at Aerojet Rocketdyne. It's unrelated to the acquisition. But it is in support of their growth. It highlights to me the critical nature of these technologies and the DoD need for this company to be successful. And this money, I view, as maybe a little more tactical relative to increasing both the physical and the digital infrastructure of Aerojet Rocketdyne. Our acquisition being more less tactical and more strategic will assure a strong industrial base, a more viable competitor. And I think it's great news for Aerojet Rocketdyne and great news for the Department of Defense. And I'm pretty sure they have pretty thorough plans and a competent leadership team on how best to spend this money to optimize both capacity, digital engineering and moving a couple of production lines for the growth that we talked about. So relative to the divestitures, yes, we're not -- everything I was talking about would be legacy L3Harris. So clearly, the space propulsion space once the deal closes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Skibitski: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hey, guys, maybe Michele on capital allocation, as Chris alluded to in his remarks, you guys went pretty heavy on repurchases to start the year, pretty close to your $0.5 billion target for the full year. How are you thinking about allocation now on the balance of the year? Because I know you do have some debt maturing this summer, I think. So do you look to address that? Or are you looking at other options? Thanks.
Michelle Turner: Good morning, Pete. So we don't anticipate any changes to our previous commentary in terms of capital allocation. Longer term, we expect to have a fairly balanced approach, and we've added some color to this within our investor letter in terms of buybacks, dividends and acquisitions. To your point about the Aerojet acquisition, we do anticipate that still closing this year. And as a result, our leverage ratio will get close to 4, with about $14 billion of debt. And so we are targeting over the next couple of years to bring that back down to below 3. So for this year, we're anticipating still the $500 million of share buybacks. So another $100 million to go based on the $400 million that we did within Q1, along with the dividends being consistent with what we previously communicated. In terms of the debt, we do expect to pay that down within June. And so you should see that play out consistent with what we shared before.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. Hello?
Michelle Turner: Hi, Rob. Can you hear us?
Robert Stallard: I can hear you. Okay, sorry. Good morning, guys. So just to maybe wrap things up on the whole Aerojet topic. Let's assume things do get done, the deal is completed in the second half of this year, do you anticipate any further significant M&A in the medium-term time frame?
Chris Kubasik: Yes. I think that's an easy one, Rob. So just picking up where Michelle left off, the answer would be no. We'll have close to $13 billion, $14 billion of debt. And as we've said previously, we'll be using our free cash flow to reduce that debt to maintain our investment credit rating. So no. No is the answer. And a couple of years down the road, we can relook at that. But we want to keep a strong balance sheet, focus on execution. We really -- going back to December, there were three things that were a challenge, whether reality or perceived, and that was how could you integrate ViaSat, fix your operational issues and buy Aerojet Rocketdyne at the same time. I'm pleased to report on ViaSat that the integration is going well. It looks like both the revenue and the cost synergies will meet or exceed our business case, so that is exciting. We're about six months ahead of schedule relative to consolidating facilities. We have a four phase process. So the risk of moving is reasonably low. We're in the middle of the first phase. So we'll basically take the four major product lines one by one and that could be done by the end of this calendar year, which again is ahead of schedule. And the customer feedback and the interactions has been real exciting relative to these new capabilities. And we talked briefly about Link 16 in Space. And I'm pleased to say for the first time ever, Link 16 is in space, based on some recent payloads that were launched. So probably a little early to say that ViaSat is done, but it's on a really good track. And I would think we kind of have that behind us. I think on the operational challenges, again, really proud of this team in this quarter. It feels like we've turned the corner. A lot of this -- and I know it was -- nobody wanted to keep hearing about the products and 25% and revenue recognition and such, but it was unique compared to the rest of the industry. And now that we're getting the supplies in, we're redesigning products. You're seeing that in the top line and you'll see that in the bottom line as well. And then by the time the deal closes, the focus for my team and others will be on Aerojet Rocketdyne. So January 1, a lot of questions, a lot of uncertainty, and I think we're knocking these issues out one by one over a 12-month period. And by the time we get to '24, we're going to have a lot of momentum behind us. So I hope that helps. Maybe we have time for -- looks like one last question or -- that was it. All right. No other questions in the queue.
Chris Kubasik: So look I appreciate everybody participating and calling in and asking the questions. And we look forward to engaging with you in the months ahead. Have a great weekend. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, and you may now begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. We published our investor letter after the market close yesterday. So today's call will primarily be focused on answering your questions. Joining me for the call are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Michelle Turner, our CFO. A few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our investor letter and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. Before going to questions, Chris will make some brief comments.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. As we reported yesterday, our fourth quarter came in ahead of expectations, and our 2023 guidance points to steady or improving trends. We've also been active on the M&A front, consistent with our strategy, as opportunities present themselves. Let's start with Q4. The team delivered a solid top line, up 6% organically, with Communications leading the way as we saw improvements in electronic component availability within tactical comms. This contributed to the second consecutive quarter of organic growth for our company. Segment margins were about what we expected, with ongoing pressures from macro factors, including inflated costs for material and labor. The net of this is EPS just above our recently guided midpoint and free cash flow at our $2 billion outlook. Turning to 2023. We're consistent with what we said on the last call: Expanding our revenue in the 2% to 4% range, including the Link 16 acquisition, while holding our industry-leading margins steady at about 15.5%. EPS adjusted for pension headwinds points to a stable operating results, and we're expecting an improving cash flow profile. Lastly, on recent M&A activity, we've previously discussed an opportunistic approach within our balanced capital allocation framework. We had opportunities to acquire two unique assets in ViaSat's Tactical Data Link business and Aerojet Rocketdyne. We closed TDL in 13 weeks and are off to a strong start with integration. In fact, our newest employees are already on the L3Harris payroll system and participating in our 401(k) and benefit programs. This acquisition positions us well to play a central role in networking and resiliency for global defense customers and fills in a needed capability as we develop our JADC2 solutions. Regarding Aerojet Rocketdyne, it's a national asset critical to future warfare that has a leadership position in propulsion, adding exposure to new growth markets for us with munitions, space exploration and hypersonics. It brings nearly $7 billion of backlog and tailwinds driven by global demand. With both of these acquisitions, we'll utilize our recent experience from our merger of equals. We expect much of the integration work for TDL to be complete once we bring Aerojet Rocketdyne into L3Harris. We'll hold an Investor Day later in the year to talk more about the strategy and outlook for our growing company. So we're building momentum with our strategy and look forward to executing on our performance first initiative in 2023. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Harned: Yeah. Well, this question is going to have a few parts, I'm afraid because I want to understand a little bit more about your case for Aerojet Rocketdyne. I mean, you've talked a lot about it being a valuable asset. It diversifies your portfolio. But as you've also said, it's been a merchant supplier. So trying to understand, there are a few things here. When you look at it, what are some of the specific parts of the company that have potential for revenue synergy? Second, are there some areas of cost reduction there beyond just corporate costs? Because I know the facilities are difficult to move, for example. Third, are there things that you can do to improve operations and better performance for the end customers? And then last, when you're in this pre-close period, how do you ensure that the value of this asset doesn't deteriorate some over time?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, thank you. Let me see if I can hit all of those. I'm sure there'll be several Aerojet Rocketdyne questions, but maybe I'll give a longer answer than usual and try to preempt some of those. So when we look at acquisitions, I'd like to start with the market. And when we're looking at the market data outside of platforms, the three largest global markets for defense are C2, which is command and control; sensors and weapons. So I'm very comfortable with how we're positioned on the first two, especially after the TDL acquisition. Our weapon presence in this $75 billion market is practically nonexistent. So we believe that weapons, munitions, missiles, whatever you want to call them, are absolutely aligned with the current and emerging customer demand. It is a growth market for the future fight. And solid rocket motors, especially for products like Javelin, STINGER, many that we know and hear about on a regular basis is a great way to position us in the missile and missile defense market. So I look at that from the munition side on the space, we have a long history of working with NASA and NOAA, so relative to space exploration and observation, we already have these relationships. We're honored or they're honored and soon us to be able to support SLS and Artemis, and there's visibility there for several years to come. And then the RL10 is a premium upper stage engine with well over 100 engines under contract with the ELA for the new Vulcan launch vehicle. And I think hypersonics doesn't really get the attention it deserves. And the other day, someone said hypersonics is the future. And the reality is hypersonics is now. And I think, this could be the crown jewel of the acquisition, and we believe there's significant growth opportunities that are well supported by the budget and the customers. So when I look at those three markets, I see growth. If I jump to the financials, if you will, as it relates to Aerojet Rocketdyne and what we can do, I mentioned the $7 billion of backlog, so longer cycle business gives us more visibility. I believe this will grow faster on the top line than our current portfolio. I believe we have the ability to improve margins and get those to be more in line with potentially what we're doing on a consolidated basis now over time. And there are several multi-year programs that will be coming up for renegotiation in the next year or two. And I believe as we continue to negotiate milestone payments, we'll be more cash favorable. So I throw that out there to maybe answer a couple of the questions. On the cost synergy, we believe there's something in the $50 million range easily from eliminating the public company cost and some of the duplicative overhead. You're right. We have no plans to move facilities, but I look at the footprint. We both have offices in D.C. We both have offices in Huntsville. There's some low-hanging fruit there, and we really didn't anticipate or plan at this point any synergies relative to supply chain. So we need to dig into that and of course, take the power of the new enterprise. So I think that that gets us on the - gets to your question, Doug, on cost synergies. And from L3Harris, we overachieved. And once we get into details, there's potential to continue to exceed those numbers from the cost synergy. Revenue synergy, given that these are new markets, and there's no overlap, we have no revenue synergies at this point in time. So that, I think, is a straightforward answer. I guess on the operations, it's clearly – I think we have great opportunities here to bring our skill set and enhance our – the performance of Aerojet Rocketdyne. And I look at what we did at L3Harris before the merger, look at the TR3 program as an example, and maybe our Waco facility. Both those locations are – the TR3 program was over budget in late. Waco facility was losing money. And with the scale of the new company, more talent, processes, policies, controls, the ability to attract new people, we were able to turn not only that program, but that business around. And I think those are the capabilities that we'll be able to bring to Aerojet Rocketdyne. Relative to pre-closing exposure, I don't think there's anything unique in this relative to other acquisitions. The integration team meets on a regular basis. I would think it's next week or the week after, we'll start having people on-site at some of these facilities as part of the integration process. As you would expect, Eileen Drake and I meet on a regular basis. So we, in fact, had a call yesterday and we have one every week and sometimes more. So I think that's how we're going to stay in touch, and we can do whatever we can to help them. I'm optimistic that this is going to be a very accretive and successful acquisition. We're excited. The employees are excited, and I apologize for the long answer, but I wanted to try to hit all five or six of your questions, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Chris, I'll keep it to one following up from Doug's question though. When you looked at Aerojet and you look to the other levers you could pull on capital deployment, why did you think this is the best option for shareholders to go with versus continuing with the share buyback? Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: All right. Well, thank you. Well, first of all, it's consistent with our strategy. I think I've been talking for several years. We're building a new company to provide more competition within the industry and to give the DoD alternatives. So, I've been pretty consistent in saying we want to grow organically and inorganically. Different companies have different portfolios. And when I looked at the market and the team looked at the markets and we saw the focus and growth on munitions, it seemed to be a gap. So, we think over the long-term to mid-term, you're going to look back on this and see why this thing makes so much sense. I tried to lay out for Doug some of the strategy and some of the trends. But this company has some awesome employees and great technologies, and a great legacy and I think there's going to be continued growth in munitions and space and hypersonics for the long-term. Relative to capital deployment, yes, so that -- it was a -- I don't want to say it was a pretty easy decision, but it was consistent with what we wanted to do. There aren't that many assets available in this industry. And when they come to -- come available, you got to make a decision and act on them. And I'm excited that we got TDL done in 92 days and the integration is already underway. So, we can focus on getting Aerojet Rocketdyne approved and then start the integration. If you look at the investor letter, I think it's page 14, has a nice pie chart that kind of lays out our capital deployment over a five-year period and it shows us a fair amount of balance. But I don't foresee us doing any acquisitions for a couple of years, as you would imagine. We have some non-core assets that we're going to sell, and we're going to use those proceeds to bring down the debt over the next few years. We'll keep annual dividend increases and remain competitive, as you would imagine. And then we'll repurchase shares probably at least $500 million a year to absorb any dilution and depending on cash flow and other dynamics, that number could increase as we go forward. So, Rob, I think, hopefully, that answered your question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning, Chris and Michelle. Chris, just on your last point, you've clearly been busy augmenting the portfolio with TDL and Aerojet. But how do you think about IRAD spend in 2023 versus 2022? You noted in your EPS bridge us $0.10 of internal investment headwinds and input costs. So, what are some of the products that you're focused on and these technologies accelerators that you're working on? And how do they contribute to your top line returning to mid-single-digit growth?
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Good morning, Sheila. And yes, IRAD is something that we have been investing in year-over-year. We have industry-leading IRAD kind of in the 3.5% range. We've significantly increased what we call ERAD, our external R&D from customers. When I look at the two together, we're well over $2 billion. So we have a pretty good process to -- a very good process to prioritize how we spend that money. So I think through some of the exciting things, if I start in space, we're excited about the investments that we've made in some new optics that we'd refer to as replicated composite optics. Basically, this is a replacement for glass mirrors in telescopes made out of carbon graphite. So the exciting thing is it's about half the weight. It takes about two-thirds of the time to manufacture, and it's significantly less expensive. And we're going to be launching the first ever replicated optics in the middle of the year. So I think this is going to reduce risk. We'll see how it performs, but this could be a game changer for a satellite business. And the air and land domains with ViaSat, we're investing in the advanced Tactical Data Link with a lot more resiliency. So that's part of the whole strategy there to modernize Link 16. And I think we have the largest library of waveform. So we're very excited about that. And then, maybe on the maritime front, I'm pretty excited that our -- we've talked about our Iver vehicle in the past. This is our autonomous undersea vehicle, just recently has achieved the first ever repetitive submerged launch and recovery from a torpedo tube. This is a significant step for our company, and I think it gives us an opportunity to considerably enhance the nation's autonomous undersea capabilities. So trying to give you some tangible examples and each of those will result in new business programs of record and maybe give you some insight to what's coming out of all the money that we're spending, whether it's IRAD or ERAD. As you probably saw in the letter in other release, we have two new segment presidents join us this year, and I can speak for them and say as they went through our portfolio and looked at the IRAD and some of the things we're working on, both John and Sam were pretty excited about the potential. So thank you, Sheila.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Deuschle with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning and congratulations on the progress this quarter. It's great to see.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Scott Deuschle: Michelle, are there any large ISR missionization contracts and the guides that haven't been finalized yet, particularly on the international side? I'm just trying to get a sense of whether there's any timing-related downside risk from that. Or if that's more just an upside opportunity, if one or more contracts do go your way? Thank you.
Michelle Turner: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Scott, and thanks for this, because it is important to note that, as we think about our guide for this year, we did take a different approach on a couple of things. Our ISR missionization business is one of them. So to directly answer your question, no, there are not any large international ISR pursuits in the plan. We do have one domestic pursuit, which we're anticipating in the first half of the year. We already have the aircraft. So that's minimizing the risk, and it's funded from a budgetary perspective. It's our C3D program. So we have four aircraft tied around that. And I think this is important, because as we walk through the guide that, this, along with supply chain, were the two key components when we think about how 2022 played out that's really influencing how we're thinking about our guide for 2023. And so I'll just hit supply chain upfront, because I'm assuming we're going to get the question. I'd be disappointed if we didn't get the question. But when we look at our guide for the current year, what we're assuming is something consistent with what we did in the second half of 2022. Coming off of the strong Q4 results, we're incredibly proud of all the teams across our product based businesses in particular. So I want to do a shout-out to our Tactical Communications team, WESCAM, PSPC, along with commercial aviation. We had a really strong finish to the year. And as we're building on that momentum coming into 2023, we're assuming that we're having consistent results in the second half of 2022 throughout the full year of the 2023 guide. And so to your point, Scott, around using what we learned in 2022 and influencing our 2023 outlook, there's really two key components. One was around the ISR missionization demand. And although we're continuing to pursue a handful of those programs with budgets being up, we're optimistic that we're going to be able to land a contract. We thought it was prudent at this point to not put that into our guide and it would be upside.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just to go back to Aerojet and thinking about these cost synergies, I know they had previously executed on a $240 million cost takeout program. It seems like all of those savings went to the customers. And I'm just thinking about maybe the lack of margin expansion we've seen there. There's, obviously, been challenges in the rocket motor supply chain. I think Raytheon has been pretty outspoken there. Northrop is picking up, I think, the entire GMLRS motor production this year. What's the status of their production system? Do you think you have to make any investments? Is that contemplated in the cost synergies? And I guess maybe your level of confidence in margin expansion at that entity?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thank you, Michael. We do have confidence in margin expansion. I think when you look at the customer, or you look at the portfolio mix they have, it's like everybody in the industry, it's a combination of cost plus and fixed price. So I'm not sure it would all go back to the customer. It should obviously -- they should be able to keep it on the fixed price. But that's in the past. I'm looking going forward. Like any of these acquisitions, there are systems that are fragmented or maybe older technology just like when we put L3 and Harris together. Our IT organization knows how to convert these. I used my reference to ViaSat, the fact that those employees are already on our systems, and it hasn't even been a month. So most of the challenges, challenged program, and I know they've talked about it at length, seems to be at one facility. Like I said, we'll have people down there in the next week or two. And everything has been contemplated in our business case. One of the benefits of being a large -- part of a larger organization, again, this is an acquisition, not a merger, I just like to make a -- an important distinction. We are buying them. They're about one-tenth of our market cap, and this will be a quick integration relative to decisions that need to be made, and a lot of their systems will migrate on to ours, whether it's benefits, payroll, et cetera. On the ERP manufacturing execution systems, they've been putting those in. We're familiar with those systems, familiar with those systems, familiar with the technology. And all that has been contemplated. With our scale, we have the capital. We have the IRAD. We prioritize it, and we have the ability to invest as they have been doing to make them world class.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Thanks very much, and good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: I wonder, if you could talk a little bit about the kind of the medium-term outlook for the Communications business. We recently saw a management change there, and the – the details of the management change suggest that you're looking for some really fresh and different thinking in a business that's been kind of the core of the earnings for the company. And we've seen some good growth in the radio budgets in recent years. But when we look out to the middle of the decade and beyond, it doesn't necessarily look as good. So, can you tell us about your medium-term thought process for communications?
Chris Kubasik: No. Absolutely, Seth. Yeah. I mean, Sam joined us at the beginning of the year. When I look – I know a few people were asking questions relative to Sam and the business. I mean, CS is a short-cycle business with a global footprint, a lot of Army and Marine business. And when I hired Sam, like I do everyone, I look first and foremost for someone who's a leader versus a manager. And everywhere he's been, he's had success strategically, operationally and financially. Whether it's Collins, Sikorsky, UTC, he's led production. He's led programs. He's familiar with foreign military sales, direct commercial sales and a lot of experience globally. So I have no doubt he's going to be very successful and add value to the corporation. When I look at the medium term on comms, I don't want to underestimate the significance of the ViaSat acquisition and the focus on – on JADC2 and the ability to connect the networks, which the customer has been talking about, it seems like, for a decade. And I'm sure there's frustration on their part that we haven't, as an industry, been able to – to get that across the goal line. So when I look at the tactical radio business, we continue to see growth in the low to mid-single digits, not only here domestically where the modernization is going to continue. Internationally, in the fourth quarter, we got another contract from Australia that has been a great customer of ours. So the visibility we see continues to look good as the modernization continues the need for resiliency continues. And then I still think there is ability for the – more of a soldier as a system that's been talked about, but never quite brought across the goal line. So we have the ENVG goggles. We have the radios. There's connectivity that can happen at the soldier level and also networks at a higher level. So it's a key part of our business. And I think anything, as I've said before, over the past year, you look at the war in Ukraine, the ability to communicate is critical to execute the fight of the future. And our resiliency and our capability is unique, and I think it's going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was curious, Chris, if you could talk to where you guys are in the L3 kind of integration journey. Meaning a couple of years ago, you guys talked about $250 million of annual cost out for a number of years kind of moving from a holding company to an integrated business, et cetera, et cetera. I'm just curious where do you think you are on that journey? And then if you could just comment also on the supply chain and the pace of healing within it assumed in the guidance and what you saw in Q4? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Let me take the first part. I'll ask Michelle to talk about the supply chain. As part of our E3 continuous improvement initiative, I'd say we're never ever complete. We talked about a three-year plan to take out $500 million. We took out $660 million. We're going to stop trying to call out separately the one-time costs and the savings as we move into the next cycle of acquisitions. But I can assure it's an ongoing journey. I think we got the low-hanging fruit. We made a lot of progress. So, I'd say maybe we're two-thirds of the way through the integration. And when I look at the IT systems, the ERP systems have come down substantially. I think we used to say there were about 100. By the end of the year, we'll be in the 20s. So, that's good progress. We've got consistent manufacturing execution systems that we're implementing. The one in Greenville should be done this year. We have a couple in other facilities, done a good job on all the shared services. So, in that case, that would be done. The facility moves have been done. But the team is looking at each and every function and process and continuing to optimize it. So, like I said, we did the easy stuff and now we're going function-by-function, relooking at the policies, the procedures, the systems and continuing to look at ways to optimize the business, which will make us faster and ultimately take cash out. So, I'll go with two-thirds of the way through. I'll lateral to Michelle, see if she agrees with me and then have her give some supply chain insight.
Michelle Turner: I always agree with you, Chris. But just to add a little bit more color, I think a great example of where we're continuing on this next phase is around our real estate and our footprint consolidation efforts. And so to Chris' point, we took the low-hanging fruit in the first couple of years. Byron Green and his real estate team have really been focused on what's the next phase of that. We're in the middle of a two-year plan to take out an additional 10% as a result -- 10% of our overall sites as a result of this current operating environment where we have more of a hybrid workforce. So, it's continuing to be an evolution that's going to continue to pay dividends for. It's really helping to offset some of the macro inflationary challenges that are permeating across the industry. And then just to give a little bit more color from a supply chain perspective, I talked about our 2023 guide. And the word I would use is -- to describe it as a balanced approach. Again, the guide assumes it's consistent with our second half 2022 performance. But just to make this a little bit more tangible, I think it's helpful to think about what's different as we think about 2023 versus what remains the same at the start of, say, 2022 or at the end of 2021. So, I'll illuminate a few things for you because I think it helps bound the risk as you think about our guidance. Frankly, it's how we're managing the business internally. So, what's the same? What's the same is we do continue to see hiccups from an overall supply chain ecosystem perspective. This is consistent across our industry and other industries. This is something that's become a bit of the new norm. What's also consistent is we do continue to be on a 90-day allocation process with our microelectronic chip manufacturers. And this is a really important point because even when we continue to see the improvements like we did within Q4, the reality is the insights that we're getting to our supply from a chip perspective is good for about 90 days out. Then it gets more nebulous as we get into the latter part of the year. And then finally, I know we've put some of this within our Q3 earnings call. But just a reminder, 25% of our portfolio, which is different than our peers, is tied to in product deliveries. But if we're short on chips or we're short on washers or nuts, we're not going to be able to deliver that radio or that turret. And so those things remain the same as you think about our 2023 guide. Now what is different, right? And we've been talking about a lot of this in 2022, but what's really different is those proactive actions that we took last year to be purposeful and focusing on the things we can control. They help to minimize the risk in 2023. And so just a reminder, engineering redesigns were a big focus for 2022. We get the full value of that benefit in 2023. Our alternate part bank within our Tactical Communications Systems business is up to 1,000 parts. That would have been at 100 parts in 2021. Our overall revenue base in terms of DPAS coverage, it's also increased double digits. So that aids in the prioritization of our supply and material availability. And then finally, I think this is the most important predictive indicator is the number of critical parts. When we started and we felt the most acute impact from supply chain was really in the second half of 2021. We had hundreds of critical part shortages at that time. Fast forward to where we are today, and we're in the 10s in terms of the impact and what we're having to manage through. So the way I would characterize this is we continue to see sequential improvement from a supply chain perspective. We're not out of the woods by any means. And so as a result, we're taking a balanced approach to 2023, and that's what's reflected in our guide.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hi. Thank you. So Michelle, just on the back of all of that, it seems like the positives are there might support higher margins in 2023. Now I know the guidance range allows for that. But what would cause the downside?
Michelle Turner: Yeah. No, great questions. So let me walk through from a margin perspective. I'll start from the overall enterprise, right? To your point, Rob, we are assuming flattish margins, 15.4, 15.5-ish. From a headwind perspective, we are assuming continued macro inflationary challenges of about $400 million, so about 2.5% of our overall revenue. And we also have some headwinds from a mix perspective. Chris talked about where we're investing in space. Kelly and her team are doing phenomenal in terms of growing the business. At the same time, however, that will be a drag on our margins. As these new programs come on board, we typically book them at lower rates. And as we mitigate the risk, we start to see the profitability in those programs improve. So from a headwinds perspective, inflationary, challenges and mix, that is being offset by our continued strong E3 savings program, as Chris alluded to earlier. Real estate is a great example of that. Another great example is the voluntary retirement program that we announced at the end of Q3 last year. That's going to help to pay dividends and offset the merit increases that we're planning for from a human capital perspective. And then we've also assumed some level of commercial pricing. To your point, specifically, Rob, like what is the downside? The downside, from my perspective is this continuation of the unknown unknowns from an inflationary challenge perspective, right? There was a lot that permeated within 2022 that it felt like it was more of a reactionary year. And so, as a result, we're doing everything that we can to control the controllables. And we will prudently manage through that as we make our way through 2023.
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in that, if you recall, last time we talked about the importance of our workforce, keeping them engaged and motivated and focusing on some of the attrition. And recall, in October, we talked about some of the things we're doing that are unique. Michelle mentioned the increased merit. We also held all the benefit costs flat from an employee perspective. We've increased the budget for spot awards to recognize performance and some of the other initiatives. And that was a headwind and investments of over $100 million that we're absorbing in 2023 and that provides a little bit of a drag, but it was the right thing to do, and I'm confident it's going to pay off.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, guys. Chris, earlier you mentioned that the ViaSat deal closed 90 days ahead of expectations. Was this something that you did differently with this acquisition to help speed up the regulatory review? And how much of that playbook is applicable to the Aerojet Rocketdyne deal?
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Great question and good morning, Kristine. Yes, I said we closed it in 92 days. We have been forecasting mid-year. We made all the appropriate filings for HSR. We responded to all the questions within the 30-day period, for ViaSat that is. There are some international approvals. And I think when you just looked at it, it made a lot of sense, and we weren't sure how that process was going to play out. Relative to Aerojet Rocketdyne, mid-January, we made our HSR filing. We all know the FTC is reviewing it. We've been very responsive in answering their questions, and we'll see how that process works out. We're -- Eileen and I met with key customers jointly in the Pentagon to explain the rationale and answer their questions. So, I think it's just being transparent, being responsive and getting the data request in, in a timely manner, so the process can work. So we'll see how it plays out. But so far, everything is tracking.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Good morning, Chris, Michelle. Hey, Chris, the TD acquisition seems like it's a really great fit, as you kind of highlighted that you had two kind of capabilities. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about, if you see like a big product upgrade cycle or with that road map or what kind of opportunity it is for L3. Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Now look, we've talked about Link 16 being on 20,000 platforms. And that really gives us the ability to upgrade and modernize. So when I mentioned the IRAD we're spending on the advanced data tactical link, that's an obvious fit. One of the things we focused on in the negotiation, this was a carve-out. So that's a little unique as to what we buy, what we don't buy. And we really wanted to get access to a relatively small piece of the business, which was the Link 16 to space and Link 16 and Viasat's on the SDA transport. Later this year will be a launch. We will have the first-ever Link 16 capability in space. And I think, again, that's kind of the hidden jewel in this thing. There's going to be Link 16 in space. The connectivity from space to air is a game changer to focus on resiliency. So relative to revenue synergies, we're very excited about the potential here with ViaSat. So the upgrade is going to happen. We're investing in new products. We also have the existing product production that's going well. So I think we're going to look back on this one. It's going to look pretty successful and pretty straightforward and off to a good start. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Richard Safran with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Thanks. Chris, Michelle, Rajeev, good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Richard Safran: Chris, last year, I'm going to try two, because I think they're quick. So your letter indicates you're getting compensated for inflation on new contracts. I was just wondering on existing fixed price contracts, is the government allowing you any adjustments based on higher unforeseen costs? And if so, would that the upside to your guide? Second question is Chris, just given your knowledge on – I asked this of your competitors. It seems to be just a general view that, as we move into a deficit reduction, defense is going to be the bill payer. I was kind of curious about, though, your view of sentiment on the Hill and for continued defense spending and funding modernization? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. On the first one, we have not received any compensation for inflation on fixed price contracts nor have we asked for any. Similar to COVID expenses and others, we just absorbed it as part of the business. I just kind of feel like we survived the - these three years, and everything is looking much better on the upside. Obviously, if we got money, that would be upside. But as of now, we're just moving forward and focused on the new contracts. If something changes or if the DoD encourages us to bring forward a claim of some sort, we'll do it. But there have to be clear documentation. It's not as easy as you would think to prove that. On the deficit reduction, it's something we're all watching. I referenced in the letter. And we're excited to actually have a defense budget to start our fiscal year. So a shout-out to everybody in the lame-duck section – the lame-duck session for getting that done. And it's a big deal for us and a big deal for the industry and probably even a bigger deal for the Department of Defense. So I think that's the type of thing that gives us confidence in the future. I mean, one thing is for certain. It's really hard to predict how that's going to kind of play out. I'm really not in the camp that thinks DoD is going to be the bill payer. I know, there's some rhetoric around that. People say things to get different leadership positions in Congress. But when you look at the threats out there, it's just hard to justify flattening or reducing the defense budget, and it's a dangerous world. And that comes back to these acquisitions and looking what's going to matter at the end of the day and what the future fight is. And it's situational awareness with ISR, it's resilient comms, and it's munitions. So I like where we are relative to those positions, Rich.
Chris Kubasik: So I think with that, we'll wrap up. So I appreciate everybody calling in. I'm a big believer in momentum, and I feel like we have the beginning of some momentum with two consecutive quarters of growth, some acquisitions. I don't know if you can hear it in my voice and Michelle's, but we're really excited about the future and what the potential brings. And I know the initial feedback from the ViaSat employees has been all positive and the Aerojet Rocketdyne employees. And we've actually heard from many of the former Aerojet Rocketdyne employees who are also excited about the transaction. So, we're going to focus on the closing, get this deal done. And once it's closed, we're looking forward to connecting with any former Aerojet Rocketdyne employees and welcome them back if they're passionate about the mission. So, I think it's going to be an exciting couple of years. But before I sign off, I wanted to recognize and thank Dana Mehnert for his 38 years of service. As you know, Dana announced his retirement in Q4 and is assisting with a smooth transition. So, we appreciate that, Dana and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. And I want to turn it over to Michelle real quick.
End of Q&A:
Michelle Turner: So, thank you, everyone, for joining the call today and for your continued interest in our company. Before we disconnect, I just want to take a minute. As many of you know, this will be Rajeev's last earnings call with us. And I want to thank you, Rajeev, for your contributions in our Investor Relations function, overall L3Harris and for me, personally, for my transition over the last year. We all wish you the very best in this next adventure. So, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Third Quarter Calendar Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings call. We published our investor letter after the market closed yesterday Today's call will primarily be focused on answering your questions. Joining me for the call are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Michelle Turner, our CFO. A few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. A few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our investor letter and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. Before going to questions, Chris will make some brief comments.
Chris Kubasik: In the midst of quarterly results and financial outlooks, we can easily lose sight of the importance of the mission. Delivering the technologies to our war fighters who are never in a fair fight is imperative. Earlier this week, we lost a great American and pioneer in Defense. Dr. Ash Carter fostered collaboration between Silicon Valley, the defense industrial base, and the Pentagon. He successfully changed the way we combat terrorists and he opened combat roles to women. Many of us at L3Harris, including our Board of Directors, either knew or worked for Ash Carter. We all send our deepest condolences to his family and friends. Before jumping into questions, as we normally do, I'd like to make a few comments. By now, you have read our investor letter and much like you've heard from our peers, it's clear that we're operating in a dynamic environment. Starting with the good news. My team's energy and excitement continues to build as our trusted disruptor strategy is yielding tangible results and is well-aligned with the recently released National Defense strategy. We've carved out a leadership position as a non-traditional prime with a record quarter of over $5 billion in funded orders and a book-to-bill of roughly 1.2. These were driven by notable prime position awards related to Armed Overwatch for SOCOM, responsive space with the SDA tracking tranche 1 and network systems for the US Navy. We also announced our first acquisition since the merger. We're acquiring Viasat's Tactical Data Link business and gaining access to the ubiquitous Link 16 network. This product line fits nicely in our comms and networking-centric portfolio, enabling us to bring the DoD's JADC2's effort to life. Our momentum is building, and I'm optimistic about the value-creating opportunities ahead. Conversely, on the not so good news, we rightsized our 2022 guidance based on current realities. We previously highlighted a steep ramp in the back half of the year. And while we're making progress, today's backdrop necessitates a more measured approach. Let's start with the top line. We grew for the first time in four quarters at 3%, though fell short of our mid-single-digit expectations. This is because of two primary factors. First, we were previously selected for a Mideast aircraft missionization program that included a profitable sale to a key customer, but the formal signing of the contract has now been pushed out as the shifting geopolitical landscape continues to hamper the timing of certain international awards. This would have supported two points of growth for the full year, alongside profits and cash. Second, supply chain headwinds continue, and although improved, the recovery was not aligned with our expectations. As a reminder, with our commercial business model, 25% of our revenue is tied to end unit deliveries. We need 100% of the parts to assemble our products, such as a radio in order to make deliveries and recognize revenue. Thus, we are taking a more prudent approach in the fourth quarter as the availability of mainly electronic components remain volatile. So our expectations is for a 2% decline in 2022 versus the roughly 1% growth we pointed to previously. We ultimately view these as deferrals versus lost sales. Next, on segment margins. The approximately 16% in our previous guide is going to be closer to 15.5% and in the range of our year-to-date average. This is a result of net higher inflationary input costs offset by proactive cost actions focused on controlling what we can. As expected, the reduced revenue and margins are driving the guidance decline in EPS and free cash flow. On 2023, I know there's a lot of focus here, and we'll properly guide with year-end results as we typically do in January. That being said, our expectation is for improving revenues and relatively steady margins, while growing free cash flow and free cash flow per share year-over-year. This remains a work in process for the next couple of months. So a tough, but necessary financial update. We remain focused on executing our strategy of being a trusted disruptor and controlling the controllables in today's dynamic environment. With that, Rob, let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thanks so much. Good morning, guys and Chris, thanks so much for your letter and kind words on Secretary Carter. I think, there's no doubt that you're not only a trusted disruptor, but you add a human element to everything that you do, whether it's talking to the DoD or the investor community, and you picked a partner in Michelle that does the same. So just wanted to mention that. But in terms of my question, in the letter, you talked about analyzing the situation over the next few months prior to providing 2023 guidance. So, how do you think about maybe the pinch points, whether it's on sales or margins and how you're thinking about the range of outcomes?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, Sheila, first of all, thanks for the kind comments. The whole team here is highly motivated to support the war fighter and our customers, as you know. Why don't I focus on the sales or revenue piece, and then I'll ask Michelle to talk about the margins as we planned for 2023? I noted the book-to-bill strength, and the strategy is working. We're winning a lot of business, including prime, I highlighted Armed Overwatch as an example. And just to show you the speed and agility with which we work, we'll be making our first delivery in 2023 as an example. We had previously won Tranche 0, and we have launches scheduled for March of 2023. We won Tranche 1 for SDA tracking for 14 satellites, and those are obviously doing well and scheduled for launch later in this decade. We haven't talked about HBTSS in a while. That launch is looking good for mid-2023. So while we may not recognize revenue upon launch, I just want to highlight the cadence in the volume and the speed in which we're working. And just looking at the manifest the other day, we have about 40 spacecraft scheduled to be launched in the next 24 months. So that gives you an idea of how we're doing in the space world. We talked historically about some of the airborne headwind, using that as kind of a proxy for F-35, which decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. I think like everybody else on the program, we're kind of seeing a leveling off. So we will not have that headwind. It won't provide a tailwind, but nonetheless, it will flatten out. So the supply chain is really the focus, and it is quite volatile. I can assure you, relative to that, I may give more detail on a subsequent question if I get one. But booked CS grew 4% for the quarter. TACOM was double digit. Of course, that was to a pretty easy compare a year ago. So we're going to just look at the progress we're making as of November and December, and that run rate will give us insight. I think we all tend to talk about supply chain as a homogeneous entity. But, as you know, it's much more fragmented. We see improvements in shipping and components and chemicals, but there's still a lot of turmoil, as you would expect with electronic components. So we'll take the last available data and then give guidance that we have confidence we'll be able to achieve for 2023. Michelle?
Michelle Turner: Yes. And I'll just add before jumping into the margins. When we look at our overall portfolio, just a reminder for those on the call, 25% is recognized in terms of revenue based on delivery. So that's a little bit different than others within the industry. So as you think about some of the supply chain constraints and the deferrals associated with it, it really is the entirety of the revenue being recognized versus over like a cost incurred type of revenue recognition. Also, this is our higher-margin business. It runs about 25% for us. So again, to Chris' point, this is more reflective of deferred revenue versus lost. But just to give a little bit more color in terms of margins, how it's playing out in 2022 and how we're thinking about 2023, to Chris' opening comments, we did reduce our guide to 15.5 from an overall segment perspective, really driven by two things. One was around the volume mix, in terms operating aircraft missionization along with the supply chain constraints, these tend to be margin accretive for us across our own portfolio. But also just in recognition of the overall macro operating environment, you're hearing this consistent with our peers. Higher input costs, whether it be supply chain, labor, inflation, along with things like redesigning parts internally to ensure we can continue to meet our customers' critical missions, all of that is equating to about a $250 million incremental cost headwind for us in 2022, of which we are doing what we can to control the controllables, and we've been able to successfully offset about 70% of that increased cost across the overall ecosystem. So, as we think about 2023, we're taking all of these data points into effect, along with where do we land at the end of the year from a supply chain perspective. Given that 40% of our overall portfolio is short cycle in nature, that data point is going to be very relevant in terms of how do we set guidance, both from a top line and bottom line perspective for next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: I'd like to delve into the non-cash charges that you booked this quarter. And what exactly drove the timing of those charges being taken here? And in particular, you mentioned that the demand for precision guidance seems to be weakened, but that would go against the grain given the broader defense environment we're seeing.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So, I'll take this, and Chris feel free to jump in, in terms of overall demand. But thanks, Rob, for highlighting this. I think it's creating some noise in terms of our overall reporting. So, it's a good opportunity to talk about. This is really a continuation of what we've been amplifying across our portfolio. So, just to put this into perspective, we have $18 billion of goodwill on our balance sheet related to the L3Harris merger. We took a $800 million charge within Q3. It's about 4%, 4.5% of the overall balance. Really targeted at two of our legacy businesses that we've been talking about for a while in terms of being on the low end of our portfolio from a growth perspective. And so as we went through our strategic plan over the last month, along with the updated DoD budgets, and really aligning with what we've been highlighting the areas of focus from a customer perspective to what we're seeing within our overall product portfolio, this is really just a continuation of two of our legacy businesses where we've highlighted risk associated with these businesses as we're investing in areas from a DoD perspective, like space and cyber. Similarly, we have parts of our portfolio that are going to be on the lower end of that growth spectrum. So, not a surprise here. This is consistent with what we've been talking about across the overall portfolio.
Chris Kubasik: And I think, Rob, to the timing question, I think most companies look at this at the end of the year per the requirements for goodwill accounting. But to the extent you become aware of an instance to do a check, you ought to do it. So, when we looked at the rising interest rate environment, and as Michelle said, having just completed our preliminary plan, we went ahead and ran the numbers and took the charge here in Q3. So, that's the timing.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Chris, Michelle, Rajeev, good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Richard Safran: Chris, I appreciate and I really like the commentary in your letter. But I was really surprised to see you categorize defense budget environment under ugly. So, I have two things I want to ask you here. First, nobody thinks that CR is good, but they're generally short-term. Do you think -- or is your thinking that the CR could go past December? And more importantly is if we just exclude the CR for a moment, given the bipartisan support for defense, do you hold a positive view of defense spending and see continued year-over-year increases above inflation and especially as it pertains to L3Harris programs?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, Rich. Rich, thanks for that. We did lay out the good, the bad, the ugly. Clearly, the war is ugly. So there's no dispute in that regard. And for those of us that run a business, we like to have things done on time and on an annual basis. And to be honest, the CRs are getting old. I think this is the 15th CR in 20 years. So it almost becomes the norm. But I still hold out hope that we can have a budget in a timely manner. So to your point, specifically, on the CR, we do have an election upcoming as we know, in November. So we'll see how that plays out. And I'm hopeful that we have a budget and the conference occurs in December. But when you look at the total debt that's accumulating in our country, you look at the debt ceilings, many of us were around and remember sequestration and Budget Control Act, and all those things that are looming out there does give me concern. The PBR was $773 billion. And we have the different markups from 777 to 819, and a couple of things in between. So there has to be a conference. There has to be a process and – until it's signed, it's hard to run the business. And I think, when I talk to my industry peers, we all agree. We prefer to have a budget approved. And I think, there is some potential that this thing could get extended past December, and put the same pressures on our business that we experienced this year. So on the upside, when I look at all of our customers internationally, we're seeing budget increases aligned with the threats. So there is some good news there. The overall budget environment is growing. We just need to get it. When I'm in the Pentagon in D.C., trust me, the customers have the same feeling. They probably hate a CR more than I do. So I decided to call it ugly, until we have a budget.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to go back to the supply chain and communication systems. This has been – you also highlighted this as an issue for some time. And what I'm trying to understand here is, at one point, it was about semiconductors and then it appeared to expand a little bit into some other components. And I guess, what I'm trying to understand is how you – how confident you are – you're on top of this now that – are you seeing basically the same components as a problem? Has this expanded more? And then, if I can tag on to that, as you have delays in shipments, you talked about pent-up demand in the letter. Should we be expecting a surge at some point back in terms of deliveries, say, in late 2023 or into 2024?
Chris Kubasik: All right, Doug, thanks. Let me take the first part on supply chain. I'll ask Michelle to comment on the surge. And it's a great question. And I'll say, I think we have control over the situation, but let me explain the complexities as we were reviewing this a week or so ago. And I'll just use TCOM as an example. So in the quarter, we delivered about 12,000 radios. And you've heard me say and Michelle say, and we'll probably continue to say, we don't book the revenue, the profit until we make the delivery. So they were split between manpack radios call it, 8,000 manpacks and 4,000 handheld radios. And when you go down into the details, and we looked at the schematics, talk to the team, I think Michelle was just up there a few weeks ago at a KIA event on supply chain that we hosted. There's about 10,000 parts in a manpack; 5,000 in a handheld. I'll do the math for you. The bottom line is we needed 100 million parts to deliver those 12,000 radios. So we monitor this on a daily basis. I would say we get 97.5% of the parts in. But I said in my prepared comments, if you don't have all the parts, you can't deliver a radio. You can deliver an airplane with missing parts. You can deliver a ship with missing parts, and you deliver a lot of things with missing parts, but you can't deliver a radio or arguably night vision goggles or cameras. So I think that's what's unique. And the question got to be, do we know what the heck we're doing here, which this is a fair question, you didn't ask that, but I'm sure that's on people's minds. So we looked at a key supplier as an example, where we ordered 18 months ago, 25,000 parts. We have a commitment. We pay the cash, all the good stuff you would expect. But the mid-September delivery, which would have allowed us to ramp up and maybe get closer to our prior guidance, only 5,000 parts arrived because there's an allocation process. So these commitments and all of us, me personally talking to CEOs of major corporations, you get the commitment that passes through the system, and they get an allocation and we come up short. So this happens on a regular basis. We're leveraging DPAS. Like I said, we have executive outreach. We have contacts. We look at this daily. But that's an example of maybe it's down in the weeds, but that's what we're tracking, 100 million parts for one entity for one quarter, and that's how we came up where we are. And that's why, to Sheila's question, we'll look and see how November and December, we do track I'll just stick with radios, but I can go through all the entities if you want. We have about 400 key suppliers. We had 30 that were on the watch list back in Q1. We're down to 10 that are on the watch list, meaning either poor quality or cutting the allocation. So that's where we are. And that's why I can say, we're making progress, but you almost have to be perfect in that regard. So I don't know, Michelle, if you want to supplement what I said or talk about the surge.
Michelle Turner: Yeah. So a couple of things I would highlight. I think on the positives, right, we continue to see sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter. So even with the guidance change, I think it's important to note that we assumed a significant ramp-up within the second half. So although we're disappointed that we're not getting to the ramp that we originally had anticipated, we are seeing improvement from where we started having this acute pain point in Q3 of last year versus where we're at today. The other thing I would highlight is we continue to see really strong demand across communication systems, particularly within our TCOM business. Chris noted the record $5 billion bookings that we had within the quarter that was led from Tactical Communications. And then if you look at our backlog, it continues to grow. We started the year at $1.3 billion. We're ending Q3 at $1.9 billion. So going into next year, we're certainly going to have a strong tailwind in terms of demand for the product. To Chris' point, however, this is going to be muted a bit by this headwind from a supply chain perspective. We do anticipate that it will continue to be volatile through the end of next year. And our challenge is getting our arms around expectations for 2023 with the recognition that we continue to see volatility even within a quarter, particularly within our short-cycle businesses like communication systems. One thing I do just want to highlight because I want to give huge -- Chris noted that I was up in Rochester at an AIA event a few weeks ago. I want to give props to the Rochester TCOM team. We talk a lot about the supply chain volatility and our ability to react. And again, we're disappointed with the results but just gaining an appreciation for what it takes to actually deliver on what we did deliver on in terms of that double-digit growth within the quarter. But what we don't talk a lot about is the demand volatility that goes along with that. And so the team received an urgent request order for Ukraine At the end of Q3, we were able to book and turn that within a matter of seven days. And so it just speaks to the agility from internally within the company. But it also speaks to how we're rising to the challenge from a mission perspective, ensuring -- even with all of these things that continue to disrupt and create volatility within our ecosystem, we're continuing to put the mission of our customers first.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Scott Deuschle with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Deuschle: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Scott Deuschle: Chris, this quarter reminds me of the old L3, to be honest, which was always pretty unpredictable and prone to surprises. I had thought with the switch to an operating company type approach that this would perhaps be less prone to happening since you'd have better visibility into the business. So maybe just help us understand why the switch to the operating company approach hasn't driven better predictability or would you just say that it has helped and it's just that the environment is simply too unpredictable? Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Scott, thanks for the question. And what I like about your question is it kind of aligns with the culture that we're trying to build here at L3Harris. And that is just encouraging people to speak up and ask the tough questions. And I appreciate you asking it actually because, as you can imagine, I kind of had a similar thought across my mind having taken over L3 back in 2018. So this was the whole basis -- one of the key basis of the merger is how do we accelerate that transition from holding companies, which really doesn't work in this industry for a variety of reasons to an operating model. So I think it has helped. I think if we go back and look, it's probably been at least 12 months for certain, and clearly, the last six months that Michelle and I in public forums and other venues have been pretty outspoken about the risks. I think it was in the second quarter, we talked -- I mean I go back to January, right? And we were very transparent in my opinion. And we said, look, we're going to shrink in the first half and then we're going to go up the steep slope in the second half. And as you would expect, we were -- honored our word and we shrunk in the first half. I wasn't happy about it, but that was the plan, and we executed accordingly. And we really needed to have a good ramp here in Q3. And we laid out there were three main components that were going to drive it. One occurred, which is just our normal focus on delivering quality products on time. We had an assumption on supply chain, which I think I've given enough examples on the 100 million parts and that one supplier as an example that came up short. And then this Mid-East International missionized aircraft which was just a matter of getting the contracts signed. So it was probably the 20th of September with 10 days to go where we figured this contract is going to be signed. And you get down to the 29th, and it's not signed, its 2 points of revenue for the whole year. So I would say, we have very good visibility. I, personally, along with Michelle, participate in monthly financial reviews. I don't think there's a lot of companies who have their CEOs involved in a monthly review at the level and size of our company. So we have good visibility. We track the risks. We mitigate them where we can. Opportunities pop up like Ukraine. We capitalize on those. And we're trying to be transparent and measured and prudent in telling you what's happening. So, I think, that was a great question, and hopefully, that addressed it.
Michelle Turner: Yes. The only thing I would add to it, Scott, just going back to our previous example, and I think what you're seeing within our portfolio that's different than maybe others within the industry is this revenue recognition for 25% of our portfolio being on delivery, right? And so, you could be missing a part in a program-based scenario, but you're still going to recognize the revenue. Here, if we don't have every part, we're not going to recognize that. And to Chris' point, when you think about a radio, we can book and turn those pretty quickly within a week. And so, I think, you get the combination of the fact that we take revenue based on delivery, coupled with the short cycle nature, there can be and there has been and there will continue to be volatility within the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please, proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Chris, I just want to see, as we think about next year, does adjusted EPS grow, given, I think, you're going to have a pretty meaningful pension headwind? And then, I think you said that free cash flow is going to grow. But if you can give us some of the mechanics there, because I think you're also going to have a pension cash headwind as well. Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, David. Yes, there’s got to be -- the free cash flow, we have the tax cap -- the R&D capitalization. That's still something we're watching assuming that there's no fix to that issue. The impact of that will be about $150 million less. So if we can grow the top line, we'll keep the margin steady. We should have a little more cash from operations plus the $150 million from taxes. So that gives me confidence in free cash flow growth and free cash flow per share growth. The current outlook just on the pensions is on cash at zero. We're going to be funded in the mid to high 90s. So there is no cash draw on pensions. Relative to adjusted EPS, I'll ask Michelle to give you the details on the pension. But, yes, there will be a pension headwind. We'll true up those final assumptions at the end of the year. So we'll give you the impact. And I think, we just got to see where the year ends up and what we give for next year. I think it could be flattish to maybe up or down a couple of points, depending on the final assumptions where we end 2023 -- I'm sorry, where we end 2022 as a takeoff point for 2022. So, Michelle?
Michelle Turner: Yes. So to Chris' point, just to hit a couple of your questions, David, we don't anticipate having to do any incremental funding from a pension perspective but well-funded. When you think about the income line and EPS, two impacts there, very consistent with what you heard from our industry peers. On the FAS income line, we anticipate that will be about $150 million impact going into 2023. And then from a cash recoverability perspective, consistent with what we've shared historically, we expect that to continue to dwindle over the next few years with it representing about a $50 million impact in 2023. So, in totality, about $200 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Hey good morning guys.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could elaborate on your comments about potentially stable margins next year. Obviously, the CS volatility, you've explained. But on the other two segments, do you think -- like can you maybe describe or quantify the headwinds you see as of now that you're going to need to offset? And maybe just talk about stable relative to what the full annual 2022 levels of margin or kind of the exit rates out of the year? Thanks.
Michelle Turner: Yes. So, just to give a little bit of color and context, and feel free, Chris, to jump in as well, here is kind of how we're thinking about it. What's going to be key is how we close the year from a Q4 perspective, particularly within tactical communications given the margin impact across all of our product portfolio. Within that, there's also a mix component, right? So, we've seen strong demand internationally. And so these are tailwinds as we think about going into next year. From a headwind perspective, it's really around the macroeconomic environment, right? We're continuing to see higher input costs. I talked about that in terms of 2022 impact. But as we think about going into next year, what does that look like is we're going to -- we're assuming that it's going to continue to be volatile. There's going to continue to be rising costs. And then the actions that we're taking internally to offset that. And I think a great example of this is we announced the voluntary retirement program at the end of Q3. That's going to help us as we think about inflation next year, particularly on the labor side of the equation. And so it's -- how does all of that come together in terms of our guide, which we're triangulating around this relatively flat point based on what we know today.
Chris Kubasik: And Gautam, it's so important to have a talented workforce in order to execute on everything we talk about. So, a lot of our focus of the leadership team has been to keep the workforce engaged and motivated. And I think we can all admit over the last couple of years, we found new ways to do work. The attrition was hard hit for, I think, every company, but it seems this industry in particular, that seems to have stabilized a little bit. But we're spending a lot of time focusing on the workforce, and there will be headwinds in 2023 compared to 2022. We're going to have a larger merit increase pool. We're holding the medical dental vision co-pays flat year-over-year. Everybody is going through open enrollment as we speak, and we're getting great, great feedback on that decision. But these cost money, and it's a decision that I and the leadership team made that we're going to spend more money on the workforce, and that does provide a headwind to the margins, which we're going to try to find a way to absorb. But I'd rather make these investments now, keep the workforce engaged, motivated and focusing on the programs that they support.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Good morning, Chris, Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Peter Arment: Michelle, you mentioned the 40% short-cycle exposure. Maybe you could just update us your thoughts on just your ability to reprice or get pricing in that help offset inflation, how we think that flows through when we're thinking about 2023? And then just, Chris, as an aside, you've given us a lot of details on the supply chain. But just are your thoughts on any further vertical integration to help either redesign or help try to limit some of the disruptions that you've had? Thanks.
Michelle Turner: Thanks, Peter, for the question. So just a reminder for folks, about 25% of our overall portfolio is what we consider commercial, and we have the ability to reprice in an environment like we're in today. And so teams are doing a good job in terms of as we're reacting to the higher input costs, ensuring that we're getting priced where the market will accept those price increases. As I think about 2023, and I think one of the benefits of our portfolio is that we do -- on our program side of the house, which is about 50% of what we do or 75%, including the cost side piece, it tends to be shorter in nature in terms of period of performance. And so our average period of performance is about 12 to 18 months. And so if you think about this increased inflationary environment starting in the middle of this year, I anticipate that, by the end of next year, we've worked through that backlog that was priced in the pre-inflationary environment. And so I think that's one of the advantages that we have, given our shorter cycle nature, but it also plays into how are we thinking about guidance for next year and going back to -- there's multiple variables that we're taking into consideration, that being one of them.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. And to your supply chain question, I should have emphasized we're continuing to redesign our existing products, in the old days, I think a lot of companies had a process that focused on design for cost, given the focus on affordability. There are new initiatives that have come about in the years past, we post merger, really focused on design for manufacturing as a way to not have the engineers design something so complicated that we can't actually build it in an efficient manner. And of late, we're rolling out and have been rolling out our design for supply chain. So you now have to consider all those factors when designing a new product, which we're doing and, in our case, redesigning our existing portfolio, if that makes sense. Relative to the vertical integration, if we were suggesting acquisitions, I'm generally against making acquisitions to acquire a sub or a supplier. But it does bring up the point that everything is changing. And I think that's where our company is unique, the ability to adjust. And we keep talking -- we're not going back to the old days. And in the old days, you had a single supplier and now we're going to probably have two or three sources of supply. In the old days, you did just-in-time inventory, and that doesn't work anymore. Lead times, as I mentioned in that one example, are going out 18 months versus 18 days. So the company that can adjust and accept these new realities, which I think we have, will ultimately play off in the long-term. So that's how I look at it. We're still continuing to work with lots of high-tech Silicon Valley and disruptive companies, smaller companies we've talked about through our venture capital and Shield as an example. I think so far, we're up to 10 different investments, minority positions. But again, the key point there is to pool their technology into our portfolio. And I think that's starting to happen, and we're starting to see good receptivity from our customers because these companies can't get programs of record on their own. And I think we're the guys that are out there embracing and encouraging and working with them. And I referenced, I think, early on the National Defense strategy. And there's an interesting part of -- in the NDS that talks about transforming the industrial base. And it really talks about the focus of the prior strategies not incentivizing companies like ours to design open systems that can be incorporated into cutting-edge technologies. And it goes on to say that they're going to reward those companies with rapid experimentation, acquisition and fielding. So it was good to see the NDS come out, because it's consistent with what we've been talking about as a trusted disruptor, and now we just have to operationalize their strategy and our strategy to align. But I like seeing the reference to open systems, and I like seeing the reference to speed, because when you think of L3Harris, you should think of open systems and speed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Herbert with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Herbert : Yes. Hi. Good morning, Chris and Michelle.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
Ken Herbert : If I could just starting off on the Tactical Data Links acquisition. I know obviously, it hasn't closed yet, but Chris, maybe you can provide a little bit more in terms of your thinking strategically how this supports the JADC2 opportunity and maybe how this just supports broader modification and upgrade opportunities? And could we see maybe an acceleration in the top line of that business once it's part of your portfolio? Because obviously, it's a relatively mature technology and a mature set of assets, but I think it could present some interesting opportunities.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, Ken, thank you. I think you probably asked a great question and answered it at the same time. So let me see what I can supplement. I mean, well, first of all, as I've said before, we look at all of our acquisitions, this being the only one so far, strategically, operationally and financially. So strategically, I couldn't have asked for a better first acquisition. This was pretty straightforward and pretty easy, as you suggested. I mean it fits perfectly into our portfolio, fill the gap that we had. It ties into JADC2, networks comms, everything we're known for. And it gives us the footprint on 20,000 plus platforms and real estate matters on these platforms, whether they're aircraft or ships or other platforms. So we'll be able to modernize and upgrade Link 16. We'll be able to work in other way forms and focus on resiliency. So my expectation, I think you said it well, is it's an accelerant not only for their business but for our JADC2 efforts. And on the Tactical side, a little bit, we've been making the regulatory filings. Everything is tracking. We are still projecting a first half of 2023 close. And there has been some positive receptivity. We actually got a couple of calls from customers that we're so excited they wanted to meet. But of course, we have to wait until we close the deal. So we were excited to hear that already. Operationally, I think it will be pretty straight straightforward to integrate this business. And then financially, as I've said, it's accretive. So it also gives us, again, a seat at the table and continues to move us up the food chain. I'll just say on the – I mentioned this was the only one we did. We are active in the market. We did make a couple of bids on other properties. And I just point out from a financial discipline perspective we were outbid by like 50% or 60%. So we're not going to chase bad deals. We're not going to overpay, and we wish those lock that paid the prices they did. And maybe they were right and we were wrong, but you can't win them all.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Epstein: Yeah. Good morning. Just maybe a question and a follow-up. Forgive me, if you already talked about this a little bit, because I got on the call a little bit late due to a conflict. Anyway, why did you take the charges now? I mean, what was the impetus? And then Chris, I mean, were those legacy L3 businesses or legacy Harris businesses?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Well, let me go first, and then I'll throw it to Michelle. Yeah, you have to go back three years to remember this, but it was a merger of equals. And for accounting, one company had to acquire the other based on a variety of a – variety of rules. And I think the key rule is who had the larger shareholder base. So if my memory is right, I think it was 52-48, 52 Harris; 48 L3. So for accounting, Harris acquired L3. So, all the goodwill went to the L3 properties. Had it flipped, all the goodwill would have gone to the Harris properties. Pretty sure, we would have come up with the same answer regardless. But yeah, all this goodwill is applied to the legacy – from the acquisition, the legacy L3 businesses, and those were the ones that took the charges. But go ahead, Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Yeah. And just timing-wise, Ron, to your question, this was as a result of going through our strategic plan process and aligning with the overall DoD priorities. I think it's important to note with these two businesses that, we've been illuminating for a while that they're on the lower end of the portfolio from a growth perspective. So there's no surprises here. It's really just part of the annual assessment, if you will, in looking at where the priorities are from a budget perspective, with our strategic plan and then the recognition that these businesses were already on the bubble to begin with.
End of Q&A:
Chris Kubasik: All right. Well, thanks, Michelle. And thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. I want to thank our 47,000 team members across the globe. It seems like, each year, we continue to get new challenges, and I appreciate your hard work and agility as we move forward. So before signing off, I'd like to acknowledge the progress the team has made on the ESG front, with their dedicated effort over the last few years. And for Sustainalytics, we've become a leader in the global aerospace and defense industry, recently ranking in the top 5%. So our non-traditional strategy is paying off on many levels. I hope everybody has a great weekend. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Second Quarter Calendar Year 2022 Earnings Call. . As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2022 earnings call. We published our investor letter after the market closed yesterday, a streamlined format that we're pleased to continue, given the positive feedback. So today's call will be focused primarily on answering your questions.  Joining me for the call are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Michelle Turner, our CFO. A few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures.  Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our investor letter and SEC filings.  A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available.  With that, Chris, I'll turn it over to you for some brief comments.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. I'm encouraged by our progress as we continue to execute our trusted disruptor strategy. We're investing in targeted capabilities in and outside of the company, and we've had over $1 billion of notable prime awards this month alone. And we're pursuing international expansion as our customers need mission-critical solutions in a rapidly changing threat environment.  We're also encouraged by how budgets are shaping up globally. The threats are evident, and there's growing urgency to support defense spending in the U.S., NATO and elsewhere. This is a stark contrast to a couple of years ago, where budgets were expected to be flat at best.  Our book-to-bill of 1.14x in the quarter supports this shift in the budget environment. At the same time, there are factors outside of our control, such as supply chain, inflation and labor markets tightening that are offsetting and masking our progress as well as the opportunities ahead. Our results, however, highlight that we're working to mitigate these challenges.  Our second quarter results are consistent with prior commentary of a back half weighted year for revenues, margins and cash. Nonetheless, we kept EPS relatively stable year-over-year and our free cash flow stepped back from breakeven last quarter to more than $700 million.  In addition, while we're reiterating our guide, we're now pointing to the low end of the range across the board.  Based on the timing of some key awards, including protest activity and a prolonged supply chain recovery, we decided to take a more measured approach, especially given the macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties that are somewhat unpredictable. So despite the noise, we continue to execute on our strategy.  With that, Rob, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Chris, can you give us a lay of the land on F-35 and Tech Refresh 3? And whether you still see about $150 million headwind there this year before beginning to recover in '23? And then bigger picture, the investor letter did a great job of highlighting the budget upside that came through in '22 and the plus ups could look likely in '23.  When do you think that really begin to materialize for the industry in terms of seeing it come through in terms of the numbers? And how do you think your strategy positions you to capture that upside relative to your peers?
Christopher Kubasik: All right. Thanks, David. I think there were about three questions in there. Let me see if I can get them. Let me start with F-35.  Usually, I give a long answer and list all the components that we're involved with, but it really comes down to the ICP, the integrated core processor.  So today, I think I'm going to give you a shorter answer because we actually completed the safety of flight certification, and the first flight systems were delivered to Lockheed Martin last month. So great news relative to TR3 and meeting that delivery, a little late, but nonetheless, it's progressing.  So our last 15 hardware starts getting delivered later this year, and the whole focus here is to support Lockheed to enable their 2023 aircraft delivery. So feeling much better about the progress the team has made. I know they worked a lot of long nights and weekends to get here. So I appreciate that effort. And your financial numbers remain accurate, based on what we've told you before.  Relative to the strategy, I think it's working. We've talked about this trusted disruptor strategy with more innovation, more prime and more international. So when I look at the innovation, this quarter, we made a small investment in a free space optic company called Minarik.  We've had a handful of investments with Shield through our venture capital. And we continue to spend a fair amount in high R&D to position us for new wins.  The goal to prime more has been great last year with an earlier this year, significant wins in ISR and MUSV, HBTSS. And of course, we've been winning a majority of the share on the radio modernization program.  I mentioned, so far this year, SDA tracking Tranche 1 was a big win. And here in the month of July, we were also awarded CEC, which is a Cooperative Engagement Capability, really a pillar of the JADC2 initiative for the Navy, which I'm quite excited about.  And another program we're priming called EAGL, which is the Expeditionary Advanced Ground Link, again, tied to free space optics. So pretty excited there.  And then internationally, at a high level, we've had mid-single-digit growth the past couple of years. Our book-to-bill has always been over 1.0x. And I think the ability to have these focused countries and put the resources where we think the opportunities are makes a lot of sense.  And just last month, we added Poland and Italy to our focus country program, given the opportunities over in Europe. As far as when we're going to see it. I think it's just a matter of getting the '23 budget. We've been tracking the markups. We're very excited to see that our programs are supported. The opportunities we're chasing are supported.  So whether the base budget or the markup, we're very well positioned, including some of the news coming out of the Senate earlier this week. So we basically need a budget. So I think everybody thinks there'll be a CR. So I'm guessing '23, when the awards are made, we'll start to see industry and L3Harris benefit.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I'm going to try to follow the rules. Just a follow-up on David's question for SAS. The top line is accelerating to mid-single-digit growth from low single-digit decline in the first half.  Can you talk about the drivers of that improvement? How much is coming from the space business accelerating versus better avionics and EW volumes? And how do you think about the growth going forward, given some of the progress on F-35?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, I'll take the first shot, and then maybe ask Michelle to give a little more color on the sector. But space is clearly our fastest-growing sector in the company. This win that we had earlier this month for SDA tracking Tranche 1 is just a huge opportunity.  If you recall, we won Tranche 0 for 4 satellites. This is 14 satellites. Pretty excited about this particular win. And again, it's an example where we're priming. We have the payload capabilities, and that's ultimately where the value resides.  So as a reminder, $700 million award, 14 satellites, and it really ties into our responsive satellite strategy. A couple of years ago, it was nonexistent. Now we have satellites in low earth orbit, medium earth orbit and geosynchronous orbit. So it's really going well.  I think at the date of the merger, we had no business with the Missile Defense Agency. Now we're smack in the middle of that growing business line. So I'm really pleased with where we are. I think the other day, Michelle and I were looking, we have about a $20 billion pipeline in space alone.  And when you look at our capabilities in missile defense, weather, like I mentioned, all orbits and even ground capabilities, it's quite exciting.  But Michelle, you want to talk about the rest of the sector?
Michelle Turner: Yes. No. You did a nice summary in space in terms of high to mid-single digits in terms of growth. From a Mission Avionics perspective, this is the ramp that we talked about on F-35. So as we head into production, you'll see that come in the second half.  And then also, Chris didn't mention it, but Intel and Cyber, right? Our classified business is continuing to grow as well, and we'll expect to see that ramp in the second half as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Elizabeth on for Ron. Can you give some color on what you're seeing on the chip side of the supply chain and whether you're seeing an easing there? Or any sort of color you might be able to provide would be great.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Let me start. Just at a high level, I think at least at L3Harris, I think the whole industry has now realized there's a new norm in supply chain. And we're adapting to that as quickly as we can.  In the past, the whole focus was just-in-time inventory, inventory reductions, single sources. And you'd always go with the low-cost bidder without serious consideration on the certainty of supply and delivery.  So we have multiple work streams going in parallel. And I think we're doing a pretty good job in the short term, trying to mitigate and avoid the disruptions, but we're also looking how we revamp our supply chain resiliency for the long term.  So I've mentioned in the past, we've invested in tools to get end-to-end visibility beyond Tier 1. We're investing in critical materials, smart inventory, safety stock, which I understand builds our inventory balance. You'll see that on our balance sheet, but I think it's the right business decision.  And we're trying to move to more localized and distributed production to shorten the whole supply chain network to get our parts even quicker. And then we're looking at multiple sources for every part. So a complete turnaround, almost a 180, from where we were 3 years ago. But this is the new norm, in our opinion. This is what we're doing. Michelle, do you want to talk a little bit about the headwinds in the recovery?
Michelle Turner: Yes. So just to frame it a little bit in terms of the numbers. To Chris' point, what's the same, right? So coming into the year, we anticipated that we would see a first half impact, particularly within electronic components. We are seeing that play out in terms of our first half results.  Additionally, we also talked about seeing sequential quarter-over-year improvement. We are seeing that from Q4 into Q1, additionally from Q1 into Q2. Albeit it is more modest than what we originally anticipated in our original guide back in January.  So when you look at our guidance update, pointing to the low end of the range, part of that is, to Chris' point, this elongation of the supply chain impacts that we're seeing out of '22 and into 2023.  I'd also highlight the risk mitigations that Chris talked about, in particular in terms of how those are working. We've been talking for 6 months about moving away from sole-source suppliers along with redesigning parts. We're continuing to work those activities. Many of those start to come online in the second half.  And so that is part of where we're getting some of our confidence in terms of the recovery in second half with the results of those actions starting to take effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran from Seaport Global.
Richard Safran: So I thought you might comment on the SOCOM Armed Overwatch program, where you're competing with Textron. And also, could you talk a bit more about the improvement you mentioned in commercial aviation? I'm interested in what the back half growth outlook might be for that business. And if you think the momentum continues into 2023?
Christopher Kubasik: Right, Rich, let me take Armed Overwatch, and Michelle will talk to you about aviation. So yes, this is a program that goes back into late '19 and early 2020. And we decided to take a clean sheet approach to this program to align with the requirements.  Team has spent a fair amount of money in R&D and capital. We've had lots of demos that have gone well that we think position us in a good place to potentially win this program.  It's for 75 aircraft. It's clearly a couple of billion dollar opportunity here domestically and even more, internationally. There's a lot of need for this type of capability in countries that are fighting terrorism.  We've had discussions with countries in Africa, the Middle East. I think, it is where the initial potential is, whether it's border protection or maritime operations, light strike, ISR, pretty flexible, pretty affordable program.  So we kind of have to wait and see. Hopefully, something comes out in the next week or 2. And I think it's a key one to watch, in my opinion. I know it's important to our company, and it really would validate our strategy and the thesis for the merger because we invested in the innovation.  We started with a clean sheet. It's another opportunity to be a prime integrator, it has international potential. And it also has pull-through of our products, Wescam turrets, radios, weapon carriages and EW capabilities.  So we'll see what happens. I'm pretty excited about it. And maybe with that, we'll go to Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Yes. And I would just add to the Armed Overwatch in terms of second half ramp. When you look at our overall ISR business, this is part of our expectations in terms of growth, particularly around these aircraft missionization.  We didn't have those in the first half. So we're chasing 3 to 5 programs here, this is one of them. And so to Chris' point, we're excited about seeing this come online and hearing about a potential win.  Back to the question on the commercial aviation. So we are continuing to see recovery. This will be our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The first half of the year, our overall commercial businesses, which also includes our Public Safety, was up double digits. And we anticipate that, that's going to continue through the end of 2022.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment: Chris, circling back a little bit to David's question on the budget. So 40% of L3's international revenues are in Europe. And I guess your total international book-to-bill has been averaging around 1 or above 1 in the past 12 months.  I guess specifically, what do you see kind of playing out for L3 in Europe? I mean, should we expect bookings to accelerate in '23? Any kind of color there, just given all the budget actions and the Ukraine activity?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Peter. Clearly, we have opportunities in Europe. We've talked about some ISR capabilities that we've been -- we've already won in the past, where we continue to add aircraft, and we have a path to get to 8 aircraft for this particular country.  Clearly, with Ukraine, I think we have a core competency and a lot of experience working with the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative, the USAI money, that's always been in the budget. So clearly, the radios, the night vision goggles, even some ISR capabilities, position us well there.  And as I mentioned, we're going to open offices in Europe, the NATO countries. Poland is a big opportunity, where we've submitted a few a few bids, again, with comms, resilient comms, SATCOM, at a high level. That's where I see us making the most progress in the near term and even impacting our 2022 financials favorably and expect it to continue into '23.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Douglas Harned: I wanted to try to understand what's going on in Tactical Communications a little bit better. You've had a rising backlog, but at the same time you've been constrained with supply chain issues.  And what I wanted to get is to understand once -- first, once the supply chain constraints ease up, what kind of trajectory do you expect to see as radios are delivered, a big surge or more of a long-term better growth outlook?  And then along with that, we've seen you keep your margins. Margins have held pretty well, even though we've got a lot of inflation exposure and you've got the supply chain issues. I mean, how do you see the risks around margin there as you go forward, if we see persistent inflation?
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thanks. Let me make a few points, and then Michelle will give you the numbers. I mean, you're absolutely right. There's high demand for our radios, and I think that's one thing that the conflict in Ukraine has highlighted, the importance of resilient comms. So we have opportunities in Australia, 300 million for what's called Deltic Phase 2 with the Australian Defense Force. That's over 6,000 radios. We should hear on that maybe in the next month or 2.  We've talked about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the radios there. The first 4,000 or so cleared congressional notification. And in August, we're going to have our first article acceptance up in Rochester, and they've ordered a couple of thousand more. So that's going through the congressional notification process.  In the U.K., the Morpheus program, again, $100 million award approximately. So all those things are building the backlog, as you say. I will highlight that I think it was last year, we knew there was a supply chain shortage and we'd have to serve. So we invested in the capacity.  So we now have more capacity. Michelle will give you the numbers, but we can clearly do better and grow without any constraints.  Last year, we had about 20 suppliers on our red list, and now we're down to 5 that we're watching carefully. And obviously, we need all the parts, but that's been pretty helpful.  The last thing I'll mention before giving to Michelle, I've talked in the past how we reengineer and redesign our products or our components, based on availability.  And just this week, I was looking at our data, we've actually redesigned over 1,000 component parts in our products, whether it's radios, night vision goggles, WESCAM balls to be able to make these commitments and continue to deliver our products. So I'm pretty proud of our engineering team and how they've been able to adapt.  So that's kind of at a high level. Michelle, you want to talk about the capacity and the ramp capability?
Michelle Turner: Yes. So Doug, so just to your point, in the first half, we did -- consistent with our expectations, we did see our Tactical Communications down low double digits, really driven by the electronic component constraints. As we go into second half, we expect that, that's going to grow in the high double digits. So to your point, we expect that, that starts to ease from a capacity perspective. We've made the investments that Chris talked about and continuing to see the electronic components improve. It's going to be critical for the second half and as we go into 2023.  We do have an elevated backlog, to your point. It's about 1.5 billion. So we have a healthy backlog that we'll be looking at as we go into 2023. And additionally, I'd note to the international question, the international book-to-bill within Tactical Communcations is 1.15 within the quarter. And so this really speaks to the overall conflict environment, Ukraine opportunities that we're seeing.  And we expect that, that will be a benefit for us as we go into 2023, but a lot of these orders are also being considered over a couple of years. And so you should think about it in terms of 2023, 2024 and into 2025.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Chris, I was wondering if you could comment on this NSO situation and what happened there? And in conjunction with that, whether you have any additional M&A deals potentially in the pipeline?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. I would say, clearly, relative to our M&A pipeline, we're looking at opportunities all the time, looking for game-changing solutions that are going to help us with our customers.  So yes, we're looking at a handful. We continue to look at M&A on a regular basis. We're also watching the regulatory environment and seeing what could potentially be approved and any potential overlap or antitrust issues.  So I'd say, we have a healthy process. We look at things all the time, and I don't see us in a position to announce anything in the next quarter or 2, but we'll continue to look.  Relative to NSO, we're fully aligned with the U.S. national security leadership on this matter. And I think all the reporting out there made it clear that no deal is going to happen, at least with us. So maybe someone else is talking to them, but not me. So I hope that helps.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Chris, something you're probably super frustrated about, but this next-gen jammer, low-band ongoing protest. Can you give us any sense of -- for key dates or milestones in terms of kind of getting that resolved? I know it's dragged on probably way longer than anyone expected.
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. Yes. Well, Pete, I don't really get frustrated about much, but this has taken a longer time than anybody wanted. So there's going to be a re-procurement between us and Northrop. We all signed an agreement as to a path forward. So I expect to get into RFP in the next month or 2. We'll update our proposal.  And I would think, in mid-2023, hopefully earlier, 2023, that maybe we'll make a selection and we'll move on. It's really about the capabilities that the Navy needs and the threats that we keep talking about.  And we'll -- we respect the process to allow people to protest, and I think there's been 4 or 5 different judges and reviews and such, but it's progressing. So it was over $100 million of revenue we had in our plan for this year.  So that's kind of given us a little headwind. We'll move it into '23. The team is ready to go. We like our technology. We like our solution, and we'll wait for the Navy to select us again, hopefully.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Wondered if you could just talk a little bit more about the back half as you see it now, relative to the prior guide? The acceleration in organic revenue growth to mid-single, how much of that's 3Q versus 4Q? How much visibility you have versus things that could slide? And then if there's anything on the cash flow side in terms of payment timing that you're looking at as well?
Michelle Turner: Yes, I'll jump in, and then Chris, you can feel free to complement. So in the second half, to your point, in terms of the drivers, it's really 3 components. One is around supply chain recovery. And so as I noted earlier, we had an assumption that we'd have a pretty healthy hockey stick going into the back half of the year.  As we're seeing the supply chain environment elongate into 2023, we've mitigated that a bit in terms of the change in the guide to the lower end of the range, although we still do have a hockey stick going into the second half.  I will note, though, that as we're sitting here in Q3, we have similar challenges to what we had in Q1 and Q2. And so the risk profile is very consistent to what we delivered on in the first half.  The second is around new program wins. Chris mentioned SDA, along with SPEIR. These are 2 new awards that we've already won. And so the back half, we will be accelerating as those programs come online.  And then the third piece is around our ISR missionization programs. We talked about Armed Overwatch. There are a number of other ISR missionization programs that we are pursuing. We expect those awards to happen within Q3, with a ramp happening in Q4.  And Noah, to your point, between Q3 and Q4, I would say, it's fairly consistent. You're not going to see another hockey stick from Q3 to Q4. So hitting expectations in Q3 is what we're focused on now, with that expected to continue into the fourth quarter.
Christopher Kubasik: I'll just chime in, Noah. At a higher level, the approach we've taken, and we talked to the leadership team, is let's just control the controllables. There's a lot of frustration, I think, out there in the system. And we're kind of taking the approach that -- the last 2 years have clearly been unprecedented, whether it's pandemic, Ukraine, inflation, supply chain, all the stuff we know.  So when we give the guidance for the second half that Michelle laid out, we want to let you know it's kind of hard -- it's harder than it has been in the last several decades to predict the future and the visibility, given the uncertainty and the volatility that changes literally on a daily basis.  There are some days where we get a call from a supplier that they're going to be a week late. And the next day, someone shows up a week early. I mean, it's really very, very dynamic. We're trying to stay calm and relax and control what we can control and mitigate those things that we can't and then communicate to the best of our ability what the upside and the downside is.  The interesting thing is we're just talking about a ballway in all cases. We're not losing things. Sometimes they take longer to get awarded and sometimes they slip, but we're looking forward to the new norm and some of these uncertainties dissipating.
Michelle Turner: And Noah, just to go back to your question in terms of cash. The expectation for the second half is really split between Q3 and Q4, more like a 30-70 split.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Morgan Stanley, at Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: You were down selected for Phase I of the stand-and-attack weapon. So a strike weapon like this sounds like relatively new territory for LHX. And you're up against competitors with strong missile heritage.  Can you talk about your strategy here? Is the missile market something you're focusing on more generally? Or is there something about this program that plays to your traditional strength?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes. No, that's a great, great question. We started investing in weapons, I think, going back 4 or 5 years. When -- I mentioned we set up the Agile Development Group. This is right in their sweet spot. We have multiple classified opportunities.  This is an air-to-ground tactical missile. I think it's -- when you look at the budget, you look at the threats, you look at our capabilities, I think we're in really good shape here. We've taken a clean sheet approach. And I think that's what's going to be the differentiator.  I mentioned that on Armed Overwatch. I mentioned it here, right? We're not taking an existing capability that's been successful for decades and tweaking it. We're taking a clean sheet approach.  We're investing in our in our Seekers, which I think is unique and has great capabilities. And I'm proud of the team to see us get down selected on this one. There's classified things where we're also getting down selected.  Like anything, it starts out a little slow. I think there's 3 of us. I know there's 3 of us. And sometime in August, we'll get the Gate 2 award. And I think in 2023, early '23, they'll probably down select to 2, and then the fly offs and the fund begin.  So this is clearly a core competency for us. It's a market that I like. And I think it's similar to what I've talked about. It's going to disrupt the market. And I think a lot of people were surprised when they hear L3Harris want a stand-and-attack weapon. And there'll be more of this in the years ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro, Shapiro Research.
George Shapiro: I was wondering on the cash flow, your inventories are up like 260 million in the first half. I assume some of that's due to supply chain issues. Where do you expect that to go? Or where does it need to go for you to meet your cash flow guidance because obviously, like usual, it's much more second half weighted than first half?
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. So when you look at our first half versus second half, you're absolutely right. Most of our cash generation is in the second half, with a healthy amount of that coming from working capital reduction assumptions.  And so to your point about the inventories, clearly, we are building in anticipation of that second half ramp. And so when you look at our product-based revenues, which is about 25% of our overall portfolio, that is a key driver in terms of our sales uptick within the second half.  The other piece I would note is within our ISR missionization business, to the extent that we are buying aircraft in anticipation of those programs coming online in the second half, that also sits within the inventory.  And so Chris noted several programs that we're pursuing. We anticipate a couple of those happening of the 4 or 5 we're pursuing in the second half. And so that will alleviate the inventory pressures as well to allow us to meet the cash expectations.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research.
Robert Spingarn: Chris, I wanted to extrapolate on some of these prior questions about hockey sticks and recovery. With all these noncontrollable headwinds that you talked about in '22, so the elongated supply chain impact and slow outlays and tight labor, et cetera, and then the strong bookings, rising budgets, could '23 or '24 be a spring-loaded year?  In other words, you don't necessarily capture in the back half of this year, but then we have sort of a monster year in '23 or '24. And could that in and of itself present capacity issues? And then for Michelle, just how much risk is there to this year's guide if we have a CR in Q4, especially now that you're pointing to the low end of the guidance?
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. No, great questions. And to answer the first one, I mean, you kind of got to it. The CR is going to be something that could obviously impact '23. I think you called it a monster year, is that what you said? So I'd love a monster year, whenever that is.  But no, the capacity, I don't see as being an issue. We invested in the prior years. We have a world-class factory, if you will, out in Salt Lake City for the Broadband Communication Systems business. They've had a great couple of months here with the win of CEC, the Cooperative Engagement Capability I mentioned earlier, which is JADC2, the EAGL program.  Of course, they'll hopefully get next-gen jammer. So we've made those investments up in Canada. We've invested in a new facility for WESCAM, where we're seeing the surge in the turret. We mentioned the extra capital that we spent in Rochester.  So for the product quick turn businesses, I think we have the capability. Labor is probably more of a potential constraint than the actual facilities themselves. If we get the supply chain turnaround, I think we'll be okay.  And we've been doing pretty good on the labor front. We've hired over 4,000 people so far this year. We have the same challenges with attrition that the rest of the industry does. But we're hiring interns. We're hiring new college grads.  I think it's a company that people find interesting and exciting, and we're getting literally hundreds of thousands of resumes to come work for us. So I feel pretty good about that.  Relative to '23, we're actually going through our strategic planning process now. We talk about low to mid-single-digit growth, but some of the stuff is pretty lumpy. And we should be in a position if we can get these wins to continue our top line and bottom line growth. Michelle?
Michelle Turner: Yes. So in regards to the question on CR, our guide assumes that there is some level of a CR in the second -- in Q4 of this year.
Operator: Our final question will be from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist.
Michael Ciarmoli: Maybe can you guys just quantify what the margin headwinds are that are coming from inflation and labor? I don't know if you could parse out what's sort of the bigger impact. And I think the investor letter mentioned that you've got a relatively quick turn or short-duration backlog.  Maybe you can walk us through how long it takes to flow through price increases on raw materials or higher billing rates? And how we should maybe think about the margin evolution as you can pass through some of those prices?
Michelle Turner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Michael. So consistent with what we shared back in our last call, we anticipate about $100 million of gross inflationary impacts within the year. We had about $20 million of that play out within Q2.  And to your point about our overall program mix, about 50% of our portfolio is fixed price. It's about a year in terms of duration. And so we're starting to see some of the inflationary pressures prior to having EPA clauses in our contracts starting to play out here in the second half of the year.  We'll see that into 2023. Where we're focusing on what we can control right now is ensuring a new contracts that we are placing clauses that allow for this inflationary environment. But we anticipate that through the middle of next year to probably Q3, Q4. We'll see some remnants of the impacts of the current economy and the inflationary environment.  Okay. So before ending the call, I want to take a moment to recognize our 47,000 strong L3Harris teammates around the globe. And thank you for remaining focus on creating value for all of our stakeholders, particularly in support of meeting our customers' critical missions.  What you do matters in terms of making the world a safer place. Thanks, everyone, for your time today, and have a great weekend. We look forward to connecting again in the next few months.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter Calendar Year 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Today’s call will be focused on questions-and-answers following brief opening remarks. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2022 earnings call. On the call with me today are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Michelle Turner, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our investor letter and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. And as a reminder, at the start of the year, we began reporting our results in our realigned three-segment structure that shifts pension items to the corporate level. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris for a few comments.
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Well, thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. As you saw, we released our results after the market closed yesterday in our new streamlined format. We're always looking at ways to improve and challenge the status quo. So instead of issuing a press release at 7:30 this morning, and have Michelle and I read prepared remarks, which were very similar to the press release and maybe with some added color, and then having you follow along with our web charts, which are just a graphic depiction of what we were going to say anyway. We thought we'd try something new and come out with what we're calling our investor letter and putting everything in one document.  And that allows us all the time today to focus on the questions and talk about what's on your mind. So just real quickly, the first quarter results are consistent with our prior commentary of a back half 2022 weighted revenue and margin plan. This will also be the case with our free cash flow as well. And for the full year, we're reiterating our guide across the board as we continue to advance our strategy in a dynamic environment, whether it's from the pandemic or the global threats in Eastern Europe and elsewhere. So before opening the line to questions, I'd like to express our steadfast support the people of Ukraine. I think we all agree their unwavering strength and resilience are a motivating force behind our mission here at L3Harris. So with that, Rob, let's open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Robert Spingarn with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn : Good morning. I wanted to ask you really a general question, to just elaborate on your Agile Development Group and the strategy behind the partnership with Shield Capital. Nut then something more specific on the flight test status for your integrated core processor for the F-35 Tech Refresh 3 and the possibility that delays on TR3 might push Block 4 out to fiscal '29 and how all this impacts the revenue back up that you previously talked about between TR2 and TR3?
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Why don't I take F-35 first, and then I'll ask Michelle to give you some of the financial numbers on F-35, then I'll come back and do ADG and Shield. So yeah, we talk about F-35 each quarter appropriately so. And I'll say this last quarter is probably the best quarter we've had in a while. We're progressing through the integration and test, which we all know is the most challenging part of any development program. And the integrated core processor did begin safety of flight testing earlier in March. So that is a good sign and progressing well. I do want to highlight, we do also have the Panoramic Cockpit Display, which just completed its safety of flight. And then the Aircraft Memory System completed its full qualification test. So everything is tracking well to the first flight. We just provide this to Lockheed, and I think in 2023 is going to be the first flight of the aircraft. So all seems to be going well. On the contractual side, we secured a contract for ICP for Lot 16 and for AMS and PCD on Lot 16 and 17. So we're getting to production contracts, and we're going to be ready to hit the ground running as we complete these tests. So as you'd expect, we're investing R&D and capital to continue to support the program and find more efficient ways to meet these commitments.  And I do want to recognize the team because we are working effectively three shifts and weekends. This is the highest priority for everyone. And we've had customer visits and they've been very complementary of the workforce and the progress that we're making.  So Michelle?
Michelle Turner : Yeah. Good morning, Rob. So just to add a little bit of color from a financial perspective. So our overall Mission Avionics sector is going to be down mid-single digits, consistent with what we shared before. The F-35 development is going to be down low-double digits before we get into the ramp from a production perspective. So we anticipate going into next year that we'll be flattish to up a couple of percent.
Chris Kubasik : Yeah. So let me go back to the first question about the Agile Development Group and our investment in Shield. So you've heard us talk about our strategy of being a trusted disruptor investing more in R&D as a percentage of revenue than most trying to prime more contracts and embracing the new entrants that are disrupting the marketplace and the DoD. So we set up the Agile Development Group. It is an entity that had previously existed. So some of this is just kind of branding it and giving it the recognition it deserves. We have a couple of thousand engineers in this group. Their R&D is double digits as a percentage of revenue. And they're really the front end of the business. And they've been working with speed and agility and innovation. Most of the focus has been on modular open systems, which has been embraced by our customer. And it's hard to give examples because a lot of what we're doing is in the classified arena, initially focused on the air domain. We're also doing some interesting development on new and creative weapon systems.  So they're the front end. And as we get these contracts out of development and into production, they'll hand these off to another entity who is world-class at producing them. So I don't think it's the most unique thing in the industry, but it's something we thought made sense. And they're off to a pretty good start I've spent a lot of time in D.C., and the customers have been excited about it. And have even come down and visited our facilities. Generally very impressed with how we're moving along. Now Shield Capital is a venture capital firm. They raised $125 million. We're the largest strategic partner. And the thought process there was trying to find a way to get these new startup technology companies, which I differentiate from small businesses. Small businesses as a compliance -- contractual compliance and usually applies to service contracts. These are mainly Silicon Valley high-tech startup companies who have great commercial technologies that want to support the Department of Defense. And it's hard for these companies to get programs of record. So we're embracing and working with them.  So we will make investments, either co-invest or through Shield in these companies, which is secondary to the goal of making this strategic investment in that to get this technology into our systems quicker, faster, more affordable and meet the war fighter need. So very excited about that. And we'll keep you updated as that progresses in the years ahead.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Good morning, Chris, Michelle and team. Thanks so much for the bold new efficient format. I like it. I think Slide 16 or Page 16 is my favorite though. So Chris, since the last time we spoke, there's been a lot of change. The budget came out. It was more robust of an outlook than we thought, coupled with NATO members stepping up defense spending. So given your ability to be perhaps more nimble than others, what are you seeing in terms of incremental opportunities? And how do you think that could impact the intermediate growth profile of LHX?
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Well, thanks, Sheila. We'll obviously welcome all feedback on the new investor letter, but I think we got a lot of positive feedback, giving you 15 hours to read it instead of one hour. So hopefully, that was helpful. Yeah, on Ukraine -- and I'll just say Ukraine in the whole region. The breaking news yesterday was you saw the White House asked Congress for an additional $33 billion of funding. And when you look into the details, which I know will evolve over time, $20 billion is for defense. And of that, $6 billion is the US AI, which is the Ukraine security assistance initiative and $6 billion is FMS.  And those are two vehicles and processes that we're very familiar with, and we've used over the last several years or decades in supporting Ukraine. So I think we understand how that process works, which, of course, is very important. The $6 billion compares to $300 million last year. So this is a significant increase, and we just need to see how long it's going to take to get this bill passed.  As we read it, it appears to have a lot more flexibility for acting quickly to get these contracts moving. So as you would imagine, we're in discussion with several customers in the region and here in the U.S. There's lots of opportunities for L3Harris. When you think of secured communications, I think it's been pretty well publicize the importance of having secured communications. And that's worked well.  With Ukraine, has been a longtime customer of ours. I think you can read and see that the Russians are having difficulty with the communication. So I think that positions us well. We have just, under the whole ISR, situational awareness, whether it's space ISR, air ISR, even the EO/IR turrets out of WESCAM are examples of things that I think could be needed and of course, night vision goggles. So we're really not able to give a lot of details, as you would imagine. But I think broadly, we're well situated. And many of these capabilities are in our sweet spot, even including EW electronic warfare. So I think over the midterm, we continue to believe low to mid-single digits is the right guide at this point in time. We are starting to get demand signals. We're responding to RFIs. But I do like the tailwinds. And I think more to come over the next several quarters. I will say relative to being more agile or nimbler, I can't give you the specifics, but I can tell you within 15 days from receiving a request, we were able to ship product to help with the conflict. And just so you know a lot of this is reprioritization, right? So we have other customers who are willing to give up their products, to get them over in the region. And then we have to obviously backfill those as well. So I don't know if that got to all your point, Sheila, but that's -- I think we're well situated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard : Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Kubasik : Good morning
Robert Stallard : Chris, I'd reiterate the -- thanks for this new format and the timing especially is very helpful. In terms of my question, inflation obviously is a big issue across the world at the moment. And in relation to defense, there's obviously been some concern about how this could flow through on fixed price contracts. So I was wondering if you could comment on that and what sort of alleviation L3Harris might have to this issue.
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Thank you. No, inflation is a challenge for all of us, and I think all industries. And I think a lot of people immediately jumped to the traditional supply chain and materials, which obviously gets the attention, but I also believe and we're planning for wage and labor inflation as well as the job market gets tighter. So I think we look at it more broadly. When I look at our backlog and our portfolio, we have about 25% of our contracts are cost-plus cost reimbursable. So the way those are designed, the added cost to flow through to our end user. And I think that's one of the reasons you see the budget increased, although I don't think anyone believes it's large enough to absorb all the inflationary headwinds. We have about 25% of our business through the -- not only commercial products, but the commercial business model that we've talked about, whether it's our WESCAM turrets or TACOM radios and such. So similar to other industries at the right time, you increase your prices to take that on. So the real risk if you will, is the 50% that's firm fixed price.  As you know, we don't have a lot of multiyear backlog, but we do have a little over 12 months of backlog. So in that case, it is a headwind.  So in a lot of those contracts, there's escalation clauses. The reality is those indices are probably less than the real inflation, but that does absorb some of headwind. We've talked about E3 and some of the initiatives we're taking there. We've doubled down on that effort, and are going to have to continue to find ways to be more efficient. We're really embracing and rolling out digital engineering. We're investing in more machinery and tooling to be more efficient. So that's going to be the challenge. And then on new bids, which we do several. Michelle and I seems like every day are reviewing another proposal. We have to build those costs into the bids going forward, obviously.  So that's how we address it. And it's given us a little bit of headwind as you see here in the quarter. I don't know, Michelle, if you want to maybe quantify it?
Michelle Turner : Yeah. So I would just characterize it's very consistent with what we shared in our previous guidance. And the other thing I would say is that from a 2022 perspective, we've locked in most of our supply pricing. So we've mitigated most of the risk consistent with what we put into the guidance.  Although I will say that this environment is becoming more elongated. So as we're thinking about our strategic planning, this is certainly going to be a headwind as we think about 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna : Good morning, guys. And thank you for the very efficient format both last night and on your opening comments. I had a couple of questions related to one another. So a, if you could just broadly characterize kind of how LHX fared in the fit-up forecast? An open-ended question, if you could talk about radios? You've won a number of IDIQs, night vision, what have you. So take it as far as you'd like, but talk to us about the fit-up and how you guys are positioned?
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Did you have more? Or just -- is that your only question?
Gautam Khanna : Meaning the lives and other questions as well. We can defer that.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Yeah. I mean, as we saw -- the good news is we did get a '22 budget finally. We've talked at length of challenges. It's taken 165 days to get a budget. But nonetheless, we do get a budget. Now we're starting to see some contracts and activity pick up at a quicker pace. For '23, I think we've all seen just focused on the top-line, the $773 billion top line. In my discussions with several customers and members of Congress, I believe that number is actually going to go up during the conferencing process. I think we've seen about $20 billion on the UP list, the Unfunded Priority list. And I think the majority of that is going to be ultimately rolled into the final 2023 budget. Relative to -- I'll just go to the Unfunded Priority list first. You did mention night vision. That was in the budget as zero. It was zeroed out. But ourselves and our competitor are aggressively working the hill to get that funding back in, with the concurrence of the army. We generally don't go to the hill without our customers' support. So the fact that, that's on the UP list, I think is a positive. So that was probably the one thing that caught our eye on the negative side. But on the positive side, I'll let Michelle talk a little bit about the IDIQ. Everything we looked at seemed to align well with what we wanted. I mean, we track all of our current programs, but we also look at new opportunities. We're very aggressive in bidding opening the aperture and looking for new opportunities. And we like to make sure those opportunities are funded, even though they're competitive, because over the long run, we think we're well positioned to win some of those. The only thing I'd just also throw out beyond DoD is NOAA. I mentioned that we're well positioned with the next-gen weather satellites. The NOAA budget went up 17% ‘23 over ‘22. NASA is up 8%. Even the FAA, where we do a lot of work, is up 4%. So when I look at DoD, Noah, NASA, FAA, and then I think we've all been following the international budgets are trending up, especially in the NATO countries.  I just see this as a lot of positive tailwinds that put us in a good position to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. But maybe I'll give it to Michelle to give a little more color.
Michelle Turner : Yeah. No, I agree. I think often in recent discussions, our radio business has been overshadowed by our supply chain challenges. But when you look at the predictive indicators, whether we're talking about the budgets with double-digit growth on our handheld or the IDIQs that we received within first quarter. $10 billion of IDIQ is really speak to a predictive indicator on the overall growth within this business. And so we're excited about the near term. Going back to Sheila's question around the immediate opportunities that we're getting from the conflict environment as well, all of the macro indicators would suggest that we're going to have a tailwind related to this business. So we're excited about what's to come. We do need to get through the hurdle, however, with the immediate supply chain challenges
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment : Yeah. Good morning, Chris and Michelle. And thanks for your time. And I appreciate the new format like everyone else. I think it's really efficient. Chris, I guess my question is just leaving off from what Michelle just mentioned on the supply chain. Just your comfort level around kind of things improving in the second half? And then also just how it relates to maybe you take a more cautious approach and carry more inventory as we kind of look towards this kind of building budget environment and just kind of have an adjusting case supply versus kind of targeting your working capital days that you been highly focused on? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, thanks. No, that's a great question. Clearly, that's the number one risk that we're all following and have been talking about for at least the last nine months and maybe longer. But to put it in perspective, from last time we had a conversation, I would say it's about the same. It feels like we're making progress. Every day is different. We get two steps forward, one step back. I think the only thing that's changed in my mind maybe the length of the recovery. There's a belief that this was going to all be behind us in 2022. I think it's going to go into 2023.  And again, when I look at supply chain, I put it in three buckets, we have inflation, we have materials and we have labor. I think I've covered the inflation in the prior question. But again, we're kind of in the mid to high-single digit rates, depending on which index you're looking at. And we know it's going to come back down to lower single digits. But I'm thinking that 2023 where previously people might have projected fourth quarter of this year. The materials is mainly the electronic components. We've talked about our investments in a variety of tools, data analytics. And those processes are paying off as we get better visibility. But at the end of the day, the lead times continue to extend, and even the freight and shipping challenges are adding to the complexity, just getting the products into the country and of course, the increased cost of just shipping everything. And labor -- the labor shortage, I think the attrition is up pretty much across our industry. And that's something we've got to figure out how to address. But I think the labor shortage is even more significant within the supply chain. So therein lies the challenge. We've been very successful in our new college grad recruiting. So that's working well from our perspective.  But I'd say feel about same as I did 90 days ago, just a little longer recovery is the way I think I would I would summarize it. I don't know, Michelle, if there's more?
Michelle Turner : Yeah. So I can add a little bit from a numbers perspective. But I do just because of the complements that we received on the investor letter, I do want to thank Rajeev and the IR team, along with our controller team, communications and legal, a lot of collaborative effort went into creating this. And we feel like it's really a win on many levels. But the one that I would highlight for this group is really how we're living into our DNA of being a trusted disruptor across the organization. So it's not just about our products and technologies, it's about how each and every one of us show up differently to ensure we're a differentiator. So on the supply chain front, just to put some context from a numbers perspective, in first quarter, we expect this is going to be slightly under $100 million in terms of the top-line impact. We expect that that's going to be fairly consistent in Q2, with the recovery happening in the second half and into 2023. And so to Chris' point, I think it's very consistent with what we -- where we were at in January, except with a potential elongation into 2023 as well.  But I do think it's also really important going back to the budget conversation to note that this is all about timing, in particular within tactical radios. The demand for our products remained very strong. So it's really about getting through this short-term lift from a supply chain perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned : Good morning. Thank you. I'd like to continue on the tactical radio side. Because when I think of the products that you've got here, I mean, this is sort of the -- I think of it kind of post-jitter's world where you're trying to have common waveforms. So you need a lot of interoperability. So it means you have to -- and my sense is it means you have to really outfit large portions of the military.  And when you think about the IDIQs you've gotten, can you talk about how those -- how you expect those to play out in terms of, in a sense, completing the deployment over time of the radios that the Army, the Marines that they need overtime?  And then second, how do you think about the conversion of those IDIQs into revenues in terms of your share, in terms of the timing of individual awards?
Chris Kubasik : Yeah. No, Doug, great question. Yes. So we can -- let me take the first part, maybe at a higher level, and Michelle can give you some of the actual numbers that show you what we're doing relative to orders and revenue kind of quarter-by-quarter and the outlook So no, look, you're absolutely right on the importance of these radios and the resilient communications. A lot of our R&D goes into new waveforms.  And as we've said before, the modernization is still in the early phases. So we talk about the SOCOM two-channel multiband handheld. That's an almost $400 million IDIQ. It's a little over halfway utilized, which still means there's a couple of hundred million dollars of opportunity. And SOCOM is a great customer, and a lot of our radios start there and then migrate into the other services and even internationally. That was the handheld. They also -- we also have a single -- these are both single awards, which means we get obviously up to the IDIQ ceiling limit, $550 million, for the Manpack. And again, that's about halfway through the spend. So clearly, lots of opportunities in SOCOM. It's 100% LHX. When we go into the -- some of the tactical radios for the Marine, we had a two-channel handheld opportunity there. That was competitive, winner take all. Again, single award, $750 million. That we want. And that's really just getting started. We've had tens of millions of dollars on that so far. I think the ones you read more about and hear about are the dual awards. So if you look at the army rifleman, that's one where we're one of two. And same with the manpack, and again, those were just awarded recently in a recompetition. But those ceiling limits go over a decade, just shy of $4 billion and $12.7 billion.  So the -- step one, as you know, is to win the IDIQ, kind of call that the hunting license. And then you go task order by task order year by year. So we're in really good position. And the modernization will continue secured comps and situational awareness are two key things you need in any conflict. Before handing to Michelle, I will point out, notwithstanding some of the headwinds and volatility in our tactical comm revenue. We still have not missed a customer delivery. So the team is doing a great job every day, different parts come in, get deferred, make sure a challenge.  I will point out, we did increase our inventory about $30 million just in TACOM as we are trying to get more and more of the electronic components in sooner rather than later. But as you know, the lead times are now 6 to 12 months, much more than they used to be. So Michelle, you want to give more color?
Michelle Turner : Yeah. And just to put some context around the inventory builds. We did build inventory across the enterprise by about $100 million, what we call smart inventory, in terms of solidifying the second half revenue growth. So I think that's a good callout, Chris. But on the IDIQs, we did have 4 substantial IDIQs from outland radio perspective within first quarter. The first one, a $6 billion 10-year dual source IDIQ. So to Chris' point, based on history and how that plays out, we would expect to get half of that in terms of as the funding comes in.  And just a reminder, in terms of how we do our backlog? Our backlog does not assume these IDIQs until they're funded. And so part of what we saw play out within Q1 on the book-to-bill being right around one, did not include any of the funding upside that we would anticipate as we add -- as funding is added to these IDIQs. And then just a couple of other notes. We did book a $3.7 billion from a five-year navy multiservice. This is a sole-source IDIQ. So that would be 100% coming to L3Harris. Similarly, a $750 million 10-year award with Marine Corps. That was a competitive award. And then the final one was a $300 million SOCOM award, another sole source. So of the 4 booked, all were sole sourced, except for the first one, which was dual-source. So again, continue to have really strong predictive indicators in terms of our demand for radios.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Research. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran : Chris, Michelle. Good morning. So I wanted to ask you, you've been talking about the bookings. Book-to-bill was about one in the quarter. Your comments about continuing to grow. It just seems an understatement to say you're optimistic about demand, given the global increases in defense spending and the upward trajectory of new awards. So what does it say about book-to-bill for the -- how book-to-bill for '22 ends up? I mean, are we talking about an improving outlook here? Do you see international as a bigger driver of your bookings now? And I guess if you could offer a comment on maybe how you're thinking about now what '23 bookings might look like? Anything you could offer there, I think, would be helpful.
Chris Kubasik : Okay. Well, good morning. Richard, it's always good to hear from you. Yeah. We -- the first quarter was 0.98 book-to-bill, and that's really funded book-to-bill as Michelle explained. So maybe a little more conservative than the way others look at it. Look, we've got a plan of about 105 book-to-bill. So we're looking at being over 1 each of the next three quarters. We might be a tad on the conservative side, but we did have a CR through mid-March. And now we have to actually convert these into actual contracts. So that's the process we're going through.  I see international as a tailwind as well. We have some great opportunities for international ISR. We have our EO/IR turrets. And we just have to go through the process. We have congressional notifications and dealing with foreign governments and their approval process. So we think we're in a good position. A lot of these are sole sourced that we're just going through the contracting and export and approval process. And I would expect those to close as planned.  So hopefully, over in the 105 range for this year. We haven't given a lot of insight into '23, but we kind of use that as probably a benchmark for '23 as well because I keep -- we keep talking about the tailwinds each and every day. There's -- everything seems to be positive relative to the demand signals that we're getting. We just have to win and then move forward. In fact, we we're going to be announcing, but the navy announced something that we're quite excited about. That was a recent award known as Spear, which is the shipboard panoramic electro optical infrared system. And why I want to bring this up is it aligns perfectly with our strategy, which is to invest upfront in R&D, prime, more opportunities and then embrace new entrants or flip the paradigm and have some of the more legacy primes on our team. So we'll get a press release out on this one shortly, but it's $200 million EMD opportunity and just under $600 million with options. And that's just for 21 ships for the U.S. Navy. We believe it could be upwards of 100 ships. And of course, we have the international market. So it's a competitive win. We started this actually six years ago by investing our IR&D or R&D on passive target different businesses within L3Harris working together collaboratively. This is a multibillion-dollar opportunity that we're really excited about. And it provides 360 EOIR passive detection and tracking, which is what our Navy needs. If you want to put it under the JAV [ph] C2 umbrella or whatever, this is a big deal. It's modular, it's open systems, and it's something you'll see more in the days ahead.  And then we're waiting for award on something called Spectral with the navy, which is the next-gen sign information operations and the electronic attack solutions. So all these things -- and that has at least four bidders, but we're going after these things. And it aligns with our strategy, and these will start to give us more tailwind and confidence in our growth profile.
Michelle Turner : Yeah. And just to add a couple of additional words to that because this is part of our second half growth. We are anticipating international ISR missionization programs in the second half as well. And so specifically to the question on international, we did land within Q1 with a book-to-bill over 1 is 1.08 from an international perspective with 4% growth. And so I think that speaks to the -- another predictive indicator in terms of our strategy is working. And then on the space side, clearly continues to be a growth engine for us. We are anticipating the announcement of award on SCCA tracking Tranche 1 as well. And so that's another competitive award that we're anticipating in the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss : Thanks. Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik : Good morning, David.
David Strauss : Good morning, Chris, Michelle. Mix, I wanted to touch on it. I think it was -- it sounds like it was a benefit to IMS in the quarter, but a negative on SAS. And I think for the full year, it's supposed to be a headwind to both of those segments. So if you could just touch on kind of the big moving pieces when we think about the mix and the impact on margins?  And could you also just touch on the size within -- I think it's within IMS now? Commercial aviation, how big that business actually is now given you've sold off a decent chunk of it? And where that, I guess, that stands relative to like-for-like pre-pandemic levels? Thanks.
Michelle Turner : Yeah. David so I'll start, and then Chris can jump in. From an overall mix perspective, to your point, our segment margins came in at 16%. You'll know that our guide is 16% to 16.25%. So we came in on the low end of that. But to your point, there was certainly some mix variation when you looked across our segments. So I'll start with IMS. They had a really strong quarter, landing at 14.8%, and comparative to our guide of 13.5 to 13.75, really strong execution. So big complement to look at our ISR team but also overall program mix within our commercial aviation business.  So compliments to Alan and his team as well. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth within our commercial aviation sector, and we're expecting that to continue to grow in the second half as well. And so really strong EAC performance. We do expect that to modulate a bit as we get into second half to align with the guide that we provided. And then to your point, the opposite dynamic is actually playing out within SAS. So we landed Q1 at 11.9 versus a guide of 12.5 to 12.75, which implies that there is going to be increased expectations from a productivity perspective and mix.  Now we did have a really strong quarter from a space perspective within SAS. That's a lower-margin business for us with a lot of the new program wins within it. So we expect that, coupled with our E3 savings, to help that business in the second half of the year. And then finally, from a CS perspective, we talked a lot about supply chain today, but that was clearly a headwind within Q1. We do expect with the volume recovery in the second half that they're going to be able to get to the overall guide of 24.25% to 24.50%.
Chris Kubasik : Yeah. And just to -- on the Commercial Aviation, we're right about $500 million of revenue this year is the outlook, pre-pandemic that was in the $900 million range for our commercial training business. So we're continuing to be patient and take advantage of the rebound, which should be coming soon. We had previously divested the military training, so 900 to 500 there. And I'll just foot stomp, the space business is really doing well, well over $2 billion of revenue, double-digit growth. And I just think we're in the sweet spot, whether it's prime in these responsive space opportunities, such as SDA and HBTSS that we've talked about, some classified opportunities, GPS and the MTS3, which is the next generation of GPS, the weather satellites I mentioned, but also the exquisite satellites, where we are a sub to other companies and provide our payload.  So we're going to take this work each and every time. Might be a little headwind on the margins, but it positions us long term for growth and follow-on opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli : Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking question. Love the new format. Chris, just -- and maybe, Michelle, back to the international in the demand environment. I guess if we look at the growth trajectory really in the industry prewar, it was really going to be driven by U.S. DoD modernization next-generation programs in this R&D phase shifting to production. But I guess given what we're seeing with NATO and the increases in their spending plans as a percent of GDP, are you guys seeing more tangible evidence?  And you pointed out that 1.08 book-to-bill that there could be an increase for higher-margin legacy systems as you go forward. And that could potentially provide some structural margin tailwinds as you move into kind of this medium term if these European NATO countries really need to recapitalize their business or their industrial base rather?
Chris Kubasik : Yeah. Michael, that's a great question on the legacy systems. I think we're all learning if the system is out of production now, I think it's almost impossible to restart some of these weapon systems that you read and hear about having been in production for a decade.  So being able to restart something, I think, is difficult. It's something that's currently operational, but maybe an older version or something, I think those are going to be easier to deploy. Again, with the supply chain headwind, I think that is going to be the challenge. I don't think anyone in the industry has a lot of these products lying around in their warehouses. We look for demand signals and contracts.  Now what we're seeing is the customer who's been depleting their inventory. So we're more in a restocking situation. So look, I'm real optimistic about our international opportunities. I think we are unique relative to other companies because we have a combination of products and we use a global distribution network. And then we have our more traditional business development staff with in country executives, in-focused countries, about 10 focus countries. We're focused where we think these opportunities for growth are. So I'm increasingly optimistic about what we've done in international. It's a larger percentage of our company each and every quarter. I think this quarter, maybe in the 23% range.  So more to come. And now that COVID is easing, a lot of us are going to be traveling around the globe more and more to continue to build these relationships and try to close deals. So with that, let me just say, first of all, I appreciate the feedback on our new format. So I think we're going to do this again and continue to do it, at least for the rest of the year and see if we can come up with something even more creative. I know our customers are under a lot of stress, and we're all working in the industry to support our customers.  I mentioned the Agile Development Group and Shield, but this is a result of listening to our customer and hearing what they want and then taking action. So a lot of this, I have to credit our customers for saying they want new entrants. They want innovation. They want to work with Silicon Valley type companies. So we're trying to adapt to that.  And of course, I have to thank the employees, the dedication, the hard work, the innovative spirit. It's all inspiring. I feel like we've got a lot of momentum, a lot of excitement and really looking forward to wrapping up a solid 2022. I will just say in closing that we'll continue our humanitarian efforts for the people Ukraine. We'll keep working with DoD, NATO allies and others to support this mission and deal with the conflict at hand. So thank you for joining the call, and we'll wrap up a little earlier than normal. Have a great weekend. And talk to you in a couple of months. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to L3Harris Technologies Fourth Quarter Calendar Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today are Chris Kubasik, our CEO; and Michelle Turner, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. In addition, following our 8-K filed earlier in the month, we'll be speaking to our 2021 results and our prior 4 segment structure, and our 2022 outlook will be in our realigned 3 segment structure that also shifts pension items to the corporate level, furthering operational transparency. With that, Chris, over to you.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome Michelle Turner to this morning's call. She is an experienced financial executive with diverse operational experience, including 2 decades in the aerospace and defense industry. She joins us from Johnson & Johnson. She was the CFO of their supply chain organization. I'm excited to have Michelle on the team and look forward to our partnership. So welcome to week 2, Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Thanks, Chris. It's great to be back in the defense industry and to be part of the L3Harris team. I've been following the merger, and I'm excited about leveraging my experiences to further our strategy of being a non-traditional prime.
Christopher Kubasik: Okay. Let's get started. This morning, we reported our 2021 earnings, and I'm pleased with the result. Our company delivered another solid year of bottom line performance, growing EPS and free cash flow per share by 12% and 9%, respectively. It wasn't, however, without its challenges as the pandemic stressed our supply chain at a time when budgets remain uncertain. Organic revenues were up 2% for the year, and our margin performance was exceptional as merger cost synergies, alongside E3 savings, enabled expansion of 110 basis points. Looking ahead to this year, we initiated guidance today that reflects current market conditions. Organic revenues are to be up 1% to 3% with steady to rising segment margins. And when combined with the share count decline, we expect EPS of $13.35 to $13.65, reflecting another solid year of growth. Our free cash flow guide of $2.15 billion to $2.25 billion incorporates current tax regulations, which requires us to capitalize R&D expenditures beginning in 2022 versus the prior practice of annual deductions resulting in tax cash payment increases. Excluding this impact, free cash flow per share growth would have been up by double digits. We'll provide more details on these figures later on the call. Our focus on both value creation and advancing our strategy of leading as a non-traditional prime has driven our success to date. Moreover, in recent months, we made progress in our focus areas of growing the top line, strengthening our operations and augmenting our disciplined allocation of capital. Let's start with the top line. With the integration of the company largely behind us, we're progressing on our efforts to grow the business through a 3-pronged approach: first, investing in our capabilities; second, bidding, winning and priming more programs; and finally, expanding our international presence. Our award activity throughout the year demonstrated traction against all 3 of these efforts across all domains. As a leading defense technology company, we're maintaining our industry-leading R&D spend as a percentage of revenues, with an emphasis on open architecture, multifunction, and software-defined solutions across our broad portfolio of capabilities. This remains instrumental in expanding our revenue synergy pipeline as we reached a cumulative 1 billion in funded orders, including a contract for a classified next-generation system in the fourth quarter. We are also accelerating momentum with internal investments in the maritime and cyber domains. Our leading sensor and integration capabilities for naval solutions on programs, such as the Columbia and Virginia class submarines, led to awards of several hundred million 2021. In addition, we received $100 million sole-source IDIQ from the U.S. Navy for cyber hardened electronic attack shipboard systems in the quarter. Our capabilities position us for multibillion dollar opportunities across ship classes and geographies that we're pursuing in 2022 and beyond. We also expanded our external investments to broaden overall offerings in various capability sets. We're making calculated investments in partnerships and companies so we can bring unique technological solutions to global defense customers. There will be more on this topic throughout the year. Next, let me update you on the progress we've made as a non-traditional prime, what we call being a trusted disruptor. Our positioning at the nexus of traditional defense players and new experimental commercial entrants aligns well with the U.S. government's desire for agile, advanced and affordable solutions to address near-peer threats. We expect budget dollars to continue gravitating in this direction. A notable example is within the space domain and the need for responsive satellites that can be rapidly procured and deployed to address a range of threats. We were awarded over $0.5 billion in responsive satellite contracts as a prime in 2021, including a $200 million award for a classified mission within the Intel Community in the fourth quarter and we have considerable and exciting opportunities ahead of us. Turning to International. We continue to see demand for our defensive solutions that are aligned with U.S. export policies and insure partner security. And with a book-to-bill of 1.1 on solid revenue growth in 2021, our strategy is solid. We had a strong growth in our ISR aircraft missionization business from a key NATO customer with awards of over $600 million, including $70 million in the fourth quarter, which is part of a broader multibillion dollar opportunity set we're pursuing in 2022 and beyond. In addition, our international Tactical Communications business continued to experience robust order activity for land modernization in the UK, Australia and a Mid-East country that totaled approximately 500 million for the year and over 200 million in the quarter. This pairs well with the expanding DoD modernization goals, supporting multiyear growth potential for our business. In fact, just last week, we were awarded a $750 million IDIQ by the U.S. Marines to manufacture the Falcon IV multichannel handheld radio that meets modern crypto security standards, while providing them resilient networking capabilities. Overall, I'm pleased with the tangible progress we made in 2021 as we delivered a funded book-to-bill above 1.0 and grew our organic backlog by 5%. Let's pivot to operations. Our integration efforts were quite successful and will wrap up in early 2022. We also continue to drive a performance culture through our E3 program, that pervades the organization and has been key in mitigating the unforeseen challenges related to the pandemic. We talk about the key components of our E3 program, factory optimization, engineering excellence, supply chain and overhead management. In 2022, we expect these factors to at least offset predicted inflationary pressures for both labor and materials, which we'll look to improve upon as the year progresses. We're off to a good start with our segment and business consolidation efforts. And over the last 2 quarters, we've delivered margins at or above 19% on a consolidated basis or approximately 16% on a segment basis using our new reporting structure. We've also reached several key operational milestones this quarter. Within Space, we successfully completed critical design reviews for 2 major responsive satellite programs. First, the Space Development Agency's Tracking Layer; and second, the Missile Defense Agency's Hypersonic and Ballistic Tracking Space Sensor, known as HBTSS. We are gearing up for prototype launches of 5 satellites over the next 2 years. Within our ISR business, we completed a key flight test and received a supplemental type certificate for the first Compass Call crossdeck aircraft, the U.S. Air Force's missionized business jet. This strategic aircraft arrived in our Waco, Texas facility in the fourth quarter, where we began the next phase of modification. It is scheduled for delivery to the customer later this year. Lastly, our WESCAM product line within our electro optical business concluded its transition to a new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and delivered a record high number of turrets in the fourth quarter as well as for the year. Concerning our supply chain, the environment continues to be fluid. For 2022, we expect supply chain disruptions to continue into the first half. As a result, our team is set to continue utilizing the various tools we outlined to address the challenges, such as engaging with lower tiers of the supply chain, accelerating our purchase commitments, utilizing  designations and leveraging smart inventory in selected areas. Shifting to capital allocation. Our focus remains on maximizing cash generation and strengthening our portfolio, while sustaining a shareholder-friendly approach. Growth in free cash flow per share is a key metric for us. This will remain a 2022 focus as we drive our profit growth, reduce working capital days, continue tax planning and manage capital expenditures. When combined with our share repurchases in 2021 and our current target of $1.5 billion of repurchases this year, we expect free cash flow per share growth of 10%, assuming the R&D tax credit is repealed, contributing to double-digit annual growth since the merger. Regarding the dividend, it remains part of our balanced capital allocation framework with opportunities to grow it further as we've done in prior years. Finally, with respect to M&A, we'll be opportunistic and use our balance sheet capacity judiciously to complement our capital return program. Let me now provide details on our 2021 results and the consolidated guidance for 2022, and I'll ask Michelle to fill in the segment and other details on the outcome. So let's start on Slide 4. I'll refer to all 2021 figures in our prior 4 segment structure given our realignment became effective in early 2022. Fourth quarter organic revenue was down 1% versus the prior year. CS and AS were down 11% and 5%, respectively, with electronic component shortages in its supply chain, weighing down the tactical business at CS, while AS was impacted by the timing of awards. IMS saw solid 6% growth from continued ISR aircraft missionization activity and the SAS segment was up 2%, driven by growth in our responsive space franchise. Margins expanded 70 basis points to 19.2%, with the most notable drivers being E3 performance and integration benefits, which offset volume-related supply chain headwinds. We exceeded our internal outlook by 100 basis points through favorable mix related to award timing, continued strong E3 performance and by containing supply chain impacts. These drivers, along with our share repurchase activity, drove EPS up 5% to $3.30 as shown on Slide 5. For the full year, organic revenue was up 2% and in line with our prior guidance at the consolidated level. At the segment level, IMS and SAS were up 5% and 3%, respectively, while CS and AS were down in low single digits. CS would have been up in low single digits, excluding these supply chain impacts. Margins expanded 110 basis points to 19.1%, exceeding our prior guidance of approximately 18.75% and we're more than 75 basis points ahead of our midpoint at our initial guide with E3 performance and integration benefits being the primary drivers. Earnings per share grew 12% or $1.35, primarily from operations, synergy benefits and a 6% lower share count that overcame divestiture and supply chain headwinds, enabling us to deliver double-digit EPS for another year. Our full year free cash flow came in just below the bottom end of our prior guidance range as we consciously built inventory levels to reduce supply chain risk. With this cash flow, along with proceeds from divestitures, we repurchased $3.7 billion in stock and paid over $800 million in dividends, returning about 10% of our market cap to our shareholders. Next, on Slides 6 through 9, we provide details on segment results, which are largely consistent with prior commentary. In the interest of time, we can take questions in a few minutes so that we can shift our discussion to the 2022 guide. Starting with the top line. Revenue is expected to be in the range of $17.3 billion to $17.7 billion, implying organic growth of 1% to 3% and reflecting growth in every segment. We expect a weaker first half down in the mid-single digits, driven by continued global supply chain impacts in our product-heavy businesses at CS, along with international ISR aircraft award timing IMS given tough compares. We expect high single-digit growth coming in the second half of 2022. Segment operating margins are expected to be 16% to 16.25%, positioning us for another year of expansion and are expected to follow sales with more profit in the second half of the year. This, combined with a 4% lower share count, will result in 2022 EPS of $13.50 at the midpoint. On free cash flow, our $2.15 billion to $2.25 billion guide includes a $600 million to $700 million headwind from the R&D tax policy. So with that, I'll turn it over to Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I look forward to my engagement with the analyst and investor community at upcoming events and conferences. I'll continue now on Slide 10 with our 2022 segment details and our realigned 3 segment structure as well as provide additional color on the 2022 EPS bridge and cash flow. Integrated Mission Systems revenue is expected to be $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, up 2% to 4% driven by maritime expansion, classified growth in defense aviation and continued recovery in our commercial aerospace business. ISR aircraft timing from a tough compare is expected to drive a low to mid-single-digit decline in the first half with high single-digit growth coming in the back half of the year. Segment operating margins are anticipated to be within a range of 13.5% to 13.75%, with E3 program savings more than offsetting program mix impacts. In Space & Airborne Systems, we expect revenue of $6 billion to $6.1 billion or flat to up 2%, driven by our traction and responsive space, along with classified strengths in Intel & Cyber, which will be moderated by continued pressure in our airborne businesses as we transition to modernization over the coming years. Segment operating margins are expected to be within a range of 12.5% to 12.75% as E3 program savings offset mix headwinds from key growth programs within space. Communication Systems revenue is expected to be $4.4 billion to $4.5 billion or up 2% to 4% from modernization demand in Tactical Communications, with supply chain delays netting an expected mid-teen decline in the first half and strong double-digit growth in the back half of the year, along with recovering sales in Public Safety. Growth will be moderated by a flattish outlook in broadband and integrated vision solutions. Segment operating margins are anticipated to be within a range of 24.25% to 24.50% as our E3 program savings will more than offset inflationary pressures within Tactical Communications. Now turning to the EPS bridge on Slide 11. As Chris said, we expect full year EPS of $13.50 at the midpoint. Of this increase, operations will contribute $0.62, along with a lower share count for $0.60, overcoming headwinds from divested earnings and residual supply chain impacts as well as lower pension income and other items of $0.05. On cash flow, our outlook reflects a modest working capital improvement, $330 million in capital expenditures and no pension funding. We expect to deploy roughly 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through $1.5 billion in buybacks, barring any strategic M&A. With that, I'll turn it back over to you, Chris.
Christopher Kubasik: All right. Thanks, Michelle. Well done. So to sum it up, 2021 performance demonstrated our ability to deliver strong bottom line results in a dynamic environment, with our 2022 outlook reflecting growth in all key metrics. With that, Rob, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: . And our first question is from David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And welcome, Michelle.
Michelle Turner: Good morning.
David Strauss: Chris, could you maybe touch on the budget outlook, what you saw in the fiscal '22 authorization markup. And if that becomes approach, what that might mean for you guys? And as well as what you're assuming in terms of CR? And then last one, a little bit more detail on the individual buckets within SAS in terms of what you're expecting for each of the individual businesses relative to that flat to up 2% for the overall business?
Christopher Kubasik: Thanks, Dave. Let me start with the CR, the continuing resolution. We're assuming a half year CR. Meaning, by April 1, we'll move forward. And I just look at the fact that the President State of the Union speech moved to March. So I'm assuming he wants to have a budget at that point in time. So that's what we factored in. Obviously, I think like others, it is a full year CR, will provide a couple of hundred millions of top line headwind, which is not unexpected. Relative to the budget, I think we were all pleased to see the markup. I think that could be a good foreshadowing of the future. We don't have a fight up yet, but we continue to think aspirationally that mid-single-digit growth is something that we can achieve. As I've said before, I really like our portfolio, the fact that we're in all these domains. And as I laid out in my prepared comments, we continue to invest hired to grow. We're working with some of these new commercial entrants. We're priming and bidding more, and international has been a good story. So that's how I see the budget rolling out. Look forward to more information there. When go to SAS, the components of SAS, there's focus on the key sectors. We see -- continue to see space growing in the mid-single digits. We were probably a little more bullish back in October, but there continue to be delays in contract awards, either directly or indirectly related to the CR. So Space, I see mid-single digit this year, Intel & Cyber is one of our hot businesses, continuing to grow high single digits. So that's maybe a little better than what we had told you in October. Mission Networks, which we moved from AS into SAS as we collapsed the segment, has been and always continues to be in that low single-digit growth, mainly doing work for the FAA. But what we're seeing the decline is in our air sectors, Mission Avionics and EW combined. And that's really almost entirely tied to the F-35 program. As you know, the TR3 development is rolling off and production is ramping up. So as I quantify it, I think I've said before that 2022, we're going to have about $150 million decline in revenue just attributed to the F-35 program. We'll see that start to return to growth in '23. But this is just a roll-off of development on TR3 and then moving into production on the 3 components that we provide to that aircraft.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird.
Peter Arment : Welcome, Michelle. Chris, maybe you had $0.18 at least baked into your '22 guidance for the supply chain adjustment, and that's obviously better than the $0.29 in '21. So maybe just your confidence around the supply chain? And what kind of visibility, what's baked into the $0.18? And then just also, Michelle made a comment about just modest working capital improvement. Maybe you could just discuss a little bit what's behind that?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. Thanks, Peter. No, relative to the supply chain, we think we're doing a pretty good job over the last maybe 6 or 9 months, as I mentioned, with getting more visibility into the second, third tier supply chain. We've invested in tools that give us that visibility. So we've talked previously about a $200 million revenue headwind in '21. We see that continuing in the first half of 2022. And I think where we've been maybe a little more conservative than in October as we see that recovery bouncing back in the second half of '22 and then also in early '23. So think of that about a $100 million headwind each quarter in 1 and 2, and then maybe getting 100 back in the second half and 100 back in early '23 from a revenue. And of course, that brings along the related operating income. So that's how we see it. But it's a dynamic area. It's mainly been focused on electronic components. But we're monitoring it and managing it at all sectors and all segments. And it feels like we've turned the corner, but we'll keep you up to date kind of quarter-to-quarter as things change. So relative to working capital, as we try to get to the guidance, we ended the year at 52 working capital days. We'll bring that down a couple of days as we go to that $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion guide. Michelle?
Michelle Turner: Yes. And just to add a little bit more color on the working capital. If you think about it, we built smart inventory at the end of 2021. And so we expect Tactical Communications comes back in the second half. We'll leave some of that down. And then there's also an advantage from an ISR perspective on advanced payments that we're anticipating at the end of the year as well. So it's going to help free cash flow within 2022.
Christopher Kubasik: And I'll just throw in, Peter, just our definition of supply chain is pretty broad. We're throwing into labor, we're throwing in material and we're throwing in inflation. So all that contributes to the $0.18.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein.
Douglas Harned: In Communication Systems, there you've clearly been hit by around COVID, supply chain, we've also got inflation, that would be hitting fixed price -- commercial fixed price contracts there. If you were to think of 2022 without these headwinds having been there, what would you see Communication Systems looking like in terms of growth margin? And is this something, given that it's -- there's been -- there's a headwind there, is this something that we should see all coming back when we move out to 2023? Or is there just going to be some lost demand and margin here?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. Doug, that's a great question. Something we spend a lot of time looking at. I don't see any loss. I think this is just a timing issue. And as we were looking through the business, just the other day, I mean it's had a great book-to-bill in 2021. Now some of that is due to less revenue, but we have a record backlog, an all-time high in backlog, which is an indication that we continue to win new business. And I mentioned just the marines recently, which is a winner-take-all competition. So we're very excited to have won that $750 million IDIQ. And throughout '21, I think we were pretty clear in all the head-to-head competitions we won the majority share. So the demand is there. The modernization is happening that's in our backlog. And everything indicates quite -- to be doing quite well. What we would have had without supply chain risks probably would have been 300 basis points or 400 basis points more growth as these things slip into '22. And as I mentioned, potentially '23, depending on how the supply chain plays out. So at a high level, that's kind of how I see tactical. You asked about Communications Systems in totality. So the PSPC business, a lot of that is tied to state and local municipalities. As we said, that ought to rebound as the budgets get back in place. And we had some key wins last year, but we expect that to continue to grow. BCS, our Broadband Communication Systems in Salt Lake. A lot of that is still tied to the next-gen jammer start-up and some new opportunities that they're pursuing. So we feel pretty good about our communications. I've got, for the full year '22, Tactical up mid-single digits, maybe even a little better. BCS and IBS are kind of flattish area and PSPC should bounce back with the budget improvement. Operator Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, Chris, and welcome, Michelle. Maybe I wanted to bridge that growth from 2022, the 1 to 3. Chris, you've talked about it in a bunch of moving pieces, some of the CS softness, Airborne and F-35, you mentioned versus the mid-single-digit growth profile you have. And then maybe just a follow-up on the SAS growth, perhaps being softer. What are you seeing there in terms of trends longer term?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. Thanks, Sheila. We had said in October that would be in the lower to mid-single digits, which best I can tell everybody is interpreting is 2 to 4 and now we're at 1 to 3. So it's a it's a close call there. And again, I'm the accountable exec here for given the guidance with Michelle and my team. But I really tried to look at the current market conditions. Everything I see from not having a budget, at CR and supply chain risk, it seems appropriate to guide. So I don't see this as a major change from 90 days ago, but I'm trying to give you the visibility.  I mean, basically, the only thing that really changed -- and I know it gets a little complicated as we went from 4 segments to 3, but we can talk about that later. But we filed more than enough documents with the SEC and our  trying to bridge it. But IMS and CS basically did not change from October. Those were kind of in the 2% to 4% range. As I said, the big changes in SAS, we can argue how big a change that was. But clearly, downward pressure on the top line. And as I mentioned in an earlier comment or response, most of that is driven by the air domain and F-35 specifically. The good news is that's a well-known program that everybody has visibility into. So we have confidence that as we negotiate lots 16 and 17, prepare for the cut in of our technology on Lot 15, that there's a lot of certainty and predictability in our revenue stream. So we do see '23, '24, '25 coming back. Longer term, just within SAS, I mean I really like what we're doing in the Space business, both on the satellites and the ground vehicles -- or the ground stations. We pretty much control our own destiny. You've heard us talk about the missile defense area, and we'll be launching 5 prototypes in the next 2 years. And then I think there'll be further opportunities to down-select from 2 to 1. And if we perform and have success, there could be billions of dollars of opportunities. So I really like where we are in Space with the response of SAS. We still work with a lot of our industry partners, providing them payloads for the exquisite sat. So -- and we've been successful in winning a lot of ground station. So I'm excited about the space. Intel & Cyber continues to grow. That's an international business doing work with the 5 ICE countries. It's probably the hottest market we have. And again, I think long term, there's going to be more and more mission networks. We have a competition, a recompete, coming up for the FAA and hopefully sometime this year, but that continues to be a good business and solid and steady. And then it's really all about air and the F-35 program, the EW capabilities for the F-16. Internationally, we're on the B-52, and that's a complete overhaul relative to EW capabilities. And then we think we're well positioned on next-gen aircraft, but all that is classified as you know, and more to come is that those decisions and down selects are made. So longer term, SAS, just like the other 2 segments, should be able to grow. And that's our plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research.
Robert Stallard: Chris, you commented about -- so you had a good year on the export side in 2021. I was wondering what your expectations are for 2022? Whether these are various tensions around the world, particularly in Eastern Europe could have some benefits for orders?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. No, Robert, good point. I mean for the last couple of years, our international business has been growing double digit. And I think our strategy, which is somewhat unique, I think, compared to others. We have focused countries, 10 focus countries, where we have executives full time in the countries. And then we use our distributors and reps more for the product. So it seems to be paying off, and we've been able to see that grow. I mean beyond '22 and beyond, we're seeing mid-single-digit growth. But as you said, anything can change rather quickly, especially in the European area. So our Tactical Communications business is generally a quick turn business, and I think could be pretty opportunistic as well as our Night Vision business. So we're always available for quick turns when tensions get tight or there's new demand or requests. So I think there could be some potential growth upside that we haven't completely factored in. And again, a lot of our products that I alluded to are more on the defensive side. So ISR situational awareness has always been key. We've migrated to the biz jets and we've talked about the success of that strategy and programs in NATO and the Mid-East. And again, we have multiple other countries we're working with over the next few years. And then we also, being somewhat -- I hate to say, platform agnostic, but we're working with different parts of the world. We have King Air ISR capabilities. We have large aircraft and bizjets. So they're all working reasonably well. We'll let you know as things move forward in the international world, but optimistic for 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research.
Michael Maugeri: Following on Peter's question from earlier, sort of taking a step from the '22 free cash guide out of a year. Is $3 billion or better what we should be looking at for 2023? And then is free cash growth in 2023 all earnings growth? Or where, if we can, should we expect to see you to continue to generate working capital efficiency out in '23?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. Thanks, Mike. Let me take that in reverse order. We absolutely expect to continue to see working cap improvement. We've talked aspirationally of getting down to the low 40s. We ended the year at 52 for 2021, 52 working capital days. We should be able to take out a few more days in '22, which still gives us a long runway for '23 and beyond. So notwithstanding the R&D item, which everybody is confident will be repealed or deferred for 4 years, but haven't happened yet. So we figured we'd just give guidance, give you the pieces. But we've effectively kind of guided to a 2.8 to 2.9 for 2022, if you use the midpoint of the R&D 600 to 700. So that should put us on track to get close or around the $3 billion mark in 2023. Starting with top line growth, which will generate more OI in earnings. And then, of course, the working capital. I tried to look at maybe implied in your question, if we go back a couple of years or 2.5 years, we talked about getting to $3 billion in 2022. And obviously, coming up short. Just thought I'd hit that head on. I mean, clearly, we talked about some of the supply chain decisions we've made, which was a little bit of a headwind. At that time, we didn't know there'd be a stimulus bill that's affected social security payments. So many of us defer those payments back in 2020 for the rules, and now we're paying them back. So we have almost $100 million of social security payments that we have to pay in 2022 that's in our guidance. And we divested more businesses than we had initially modeled. So I continue to like to look at free cash flow per share. I went back to day 1. And while we don't really disclose or publish it, we had a plan of $14.50 on free cash flow 2.5 years ago in 2022. If you do the math today, I'll do it for you, we're at $14.80. So on our free cash flow per share, we're ahead of where we were kind of be 2.5 years ago, even though we're coming up short on the $3 billion. So hopefully, that might make sense and gave you all the answers to your question.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global.
Richard Safran : Michelle, welcome to the call. Once again, you're highlighting E3 as a tailwind in '22. I was curious as to how much runway you think you have left with respect to A3 cost savings? You've been reporting the E3's benefit to margins for quite some time. And I was just curious if you think longer term, you have continued room for meaningful improvement? In your answer, if you could get a bit more specific about where you think the additional benefit comes from?
Christopher Kubasik : Thanks. Great question. And the answer is obviously going to be yes. I think the system and the methodology we've put in place has been a success, and we expect it to continue. I mean to give you some -- historically, I think a lot of these continuous improvement programs start out focused on the supply chain, which is a good thing in direct labor optimization, and we do that. But we've taken a much broader approach, and one area is just the ability to improve our yield. So we're looking at our rolled throughput yield at all of our facilities. They come in different sizes and different flavors. But if we can obviously improve those, yields 5 basis points or 10 basis points, it just contributes to the bottom line.  This year, we collapsed from 4 segments to 3. That brought us savings, any savings I get, I put under the E3 umbrella. But that brings about some savings. When we first merged, we had 19 sectors rolling up to these 4 segments. Today, we're down to 14. We might have sold 1 or 2. We collapsed a couple more. So we're getting synergies in the organizational structure. With the -- we've been investing in systems. We're putting in a manufacturing execution system in one of our large facilities that have a lot of manual and paper processes. Those are now getting updated, and everything is getting to be electronic. So I think that is already starting to show benefits, and the system is not even fully implemented yet. And we'll roll that out to other facilities and factories. We have a process that we call our perimeter cost, where we look at the entire cost of each and every facility. And we look where the big bucks are, and we target our E3 projects, of which we have hundreds at those larger dollar items. I mean this comes down to a lot of this links in with our ESG or environmental initiatives and whether it's energy and utilities, all those types of things. I think, are maybe some specific examples. Still try to figure out, as I said, and I think everyone said, if we return to -- and do things the way we used to pre-COVID, we've missed an opportunity. So I think I've told you -- before the merger, 98% of the workforce came to work every day, and that was kind of the norm. And today, we're at about 70%, full-time on-site about 20% hybrid, 10% remote. So that also brings different savings and facilities and such. So we're looking at all those things, Rich.  To be specific on E3 -- but in a broader sense, I think implied in your question was the overall segment growth. So not within E3 is the recovery of the supply chain, more international sales at higher margins, as an example. I mentioned F-35 transitioning out of development into production. I think we all expect higher production margins and development margins. And we still have a little commercial business with the aviation and PSPC and as those turn around. So when I look at all these things, it's hard not to see where we can continue to grow margins for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna : Hey, Chris, and welcome, Michelle. Wanted to just ask about capital allocation. So you've done a lot of divestments. Obviously, you're guiding $1.5 billion of buybacks. What's the appetite for M&A? Again, do you see any bigger opportunities presenting themselves? Or do you think it's going to be more of a tuck-in variety?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes, good question. Well, first of all, the 1.5 of buybacks is directly tied into the free cash flow guide. If the R&D matter gets resolved, that formally increase the free cash flow guide and bring up the buyback to $2 billion, just to be clear on that one. Yes, there's absolutely an appetite for M&A. We have a new leader in our strategy and M&A organization. And we've got a process where we've been looking strategically as to where we might want to make acquisitions. My -- you said big, it's always hard to quantify these adjectives. I mean, having come from L3, I'm probably not a huge fan of lots of little $50 million, $70 million, $100 million deals. It just causes a lot of challenges with integration and such. I think the multibillion, $5 billion and beyond, there aren't many targets, and that's a lot. So I'd say $0.5 billion, $1 billion, $1.5 billion type size to probably call those medium kind of makes sense. So as you know, there are a whole lot of opportunities out there, but we're in discussions proactively and reactively. Nothing on the horizon or foreseeable. I mean, if we make an acquisition in 2022, that would be great. If we don't, we don't. It's not like burning platform, but we're running a disciplined process. We initially started by looking at things strategically. Followed by operationally, if we were to buy it, what are we going to do? How are we going to integrate it? How do we keep the workforce? Do we move people to keep them separate? What are the synergies? I think with the big merger we just did, we have a lot of talent and skills in figuring out revenue and cost synergies. And then financially, working with Michelle, we'll figure out the hurdle rates and the cash returns and the more traditional piece. But that would be the order that goes in. I'll just comment. I think a lot of people have been asking about some of the recent news surrounding Aerojet Rocketdyne, and that decision's impact on the industry. And I know there's different commentary out there, but I'm not familiar with the details of that decision or the rationale, but it seemed to be specific to vertical integration. So relative to what we're thinking about, I don't expect any opposition or hurdles if and when we get to the point where we need to have approvals. And that's something we would consider and evaluate before moving forward. But I think it's business as usual from my perspective, for L3Harris relative to our portfolio, and the things we might consider down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Elizabeth on for Ron this morning. I just wanted to follow on to the last question, I think you hit on a little bit. But given what we've seen in the new administration, do you think in general, the environment for defensive M&A has changed? So you said not for you, but maybe just in general, do you think it's changed? In many ways, do you think big defense M& A is over?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. No. Elizabeth, I would think these decisions and policies change administration by administration. So with the current administration, it would appear that, that big M& A, if that was considered big, is potentially over, at least until there's a change in administration at some future point who may or may not have new policies. So as I said, I haven't really looked at and probably won't have the time to figure out what the specific case was. But I think it's always a predisposition for more competition and less vertical integration. And when I look at the L3Harris merger, that went through relatively quickly. It was complementary. We're now in all 5 domains. It made perfect sense. It was just a very small business that did have -- wouldn't allow for competition. So it was divested. So I think you can look at these things pretty quickly and figure out if they're going to go through or not. And I continue to believe that there's -- from our perspective, there will be plenty of opportunities. I think at some point, there's a reluctance to have really big guys get bigger. So I kind of like where I am relative to the real big guys. So that's how I see it from my perspective. We're going to run our playbook and see what happens. And others either will or won't be in the game, but I like where we are.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Spingarn with Melius Research.
Robert Spingarn: Welcome, Michelle. Two quick things. Chris, on the talent side, how difficult is it to get people? And what kind of labor inflation are you seeing? And how is that impacting fixed-price contracts? And then, Michelle, just on the tax situation, if you could give us the mechanics? We've been talking about this with everybody for a week. But what are the mechanics of this higher tax rate? Will you pay cash taxes at the higher rate quarterly until you find out what's going to happen and then if you could just clarify that.
Michelle Turner : Yes. So I'll start from an R&D perspective. And you're right, there has been a lot of fluidity in the calls this week. And so just to reiterate what we have in our guidance. So our free cash flow assumes with the $2.15 billion to $2.25 billion, that assumes $600 million to $700 million related to the R&D tax amortization. And I think it's important to note that this is the tax call that's in effect today, right? So as part of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And so barring a repeal or deferment, this will have an impact on our results. And so for us, it's about $2 billion over 5 years, and then it goes away. So that will go down to 0. I think to the point about paying it, not paying it, that's certainly something that we're looking at right now. But just to give you a sense of kind of the fluidity you're seeing through the other primes, it really comes down to a couple of different things. One is, clearly, you have everybody understands what they're paying from an IRR perspective. But where the interpretation comes in is around the crowd. And then what you apply to the crowd in terms of overhead and fringe on top of that. And so that's where you're seeing the ranges across each of the different peer companies. And so we're going to work through in terms of what the cash payments will look like, and that's discussions that we're having internally right now. But I think what's more important if we were to take this back to a macro level, it's important that we continue to press on the real issue here, which is we need to get this repealed or we need to get it deferred. It is going to be a huge impact from an overall U.S. competitiveness perspective. And so ensuring that this gets delayed, it is important to continue to drive the innovation that we think about and keeping the U.S. at the cutting edge of innovation.
Christopher Kubasik : Thanks, Michelle. And Michelle and I have spent a little bit of time with the tax department in her first week. And it's just a world-class organization. And when you look at the metrics, whether it's our effective tax rate relative to others, if you look at our R&D tax credit, which is not what we're talking about now relative to others and the percentages, I think we just got a great organization there and we're seeing that in our financial results.  So going to the talent question, which is a great question. Actually, in 2021, we hired 8,000 new people. And I talked about COVID earlier, and we opened the office and kind of got back to whatever the new norm was in December. And it was interesting because at that time, half of those employees, 4,000, have never even been to a L3Harris facility, with FedEx, on laptops and do everything via Zoom. So talking about a new -- kind of a new world here. But we've hired 8,000. We're probably going to hire another 8,000 this year. We're seeing a little bit of inflation or most of the inflation is at the entry level. We haven't really seen that at the higher levels or the executive levels yet. Maybe that comes later in 2022. But a lot of this depends on geography, and half our workforce seems to be in Florida and Texas. And those seem to be places that people enjoy living and working or moving to. So we've been a little more fortunate maybe just based on the geography. We get about 1,000 new college grads a year. We have a whole process as to how to recruit those through key schools, focused schools. And we've maintained our internship program the last 2 years, even during the pandemic. Unfortunately, those -- we're all remote. But I think I told you back in 2020, we extended offers, we honor those offers. All those things kind of contribute and pay off. And my goal and the team's goal is to have an engaged workforce that's excited to come to work every day and help with our mission. We do periodic engagement surveys to track that. So I think we're doing everything we can. A big believer in flexible work schedules. And we've got a whole variety of ways to have the workforce stay engaged and contribute. But clearly, a watch item. But so far, so good. I mentioned F-35 earlier and some of the challenges that, that program has had. We've been fortunate to have a highly engaged workforce holidays, weekends, over time and been able to maintain that staffing even through the pandemic and meet our milestones. So hopefully, that helps, Robert.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities.
Michael Ciarmoli: Welcome, Michelle. Chris, I just wanted to go back, I think, to maybe Sheila's question on what really changed in SAS? And maybe even dovetailing in kind of programs that are being impacted by the continuing resolution. But I think you kind of called out the biggest, being the F-35. And it seems like that would have been a known sort of headwind, I guess, in October. So were there any other big specific programmatic changes or programs that you can't start up because of the continuing resolution that are weighing on that kind of growth rate?
Christopher Kubasik: Yes, good question. No, I mean, the F-35 is a pretty program, right? So we follow the prime -- and as quantities and strategies change relative to what's going to be retrofitted and what's not and such, and I'm talking about all F-35, which we have crypto capabilities. We have displays. We have bomb racks and of course, TR3. So it's a broad portfolio of just under $1 billion of revenue. So it changes on a regular basis. I can assure you. But it's a fair point. We didn't have it at 150 last time we talked. But relative to the CR, it's probably won't be a satisfying question. It's not the fact that I think just the fact that we have a CR has caused the contracting organization and our customers just to defer and delay making awards. So -- which is kind of an indirect impact. I mean there are programs that have been awarded that the follow-on work is limited to the prior year dollars. The new work can't get started. So these aren't getting awarded. And we just see a huge backlog of things that just haven't been awarded. So a lot of these are in the space of the classified arena. And most of the space work is domestic. They don't have a big international footprint as an example. EWs and electronic warfare and mission avionics, again, most of those programs we're supporting an OEM. So we need them to go ahead and get their orders before putting us under contract. So it just feels like a big delay. I think as soon as we get a budget, as soon as there's more certainty, things will kind of open up and then the floodgates will open. But until now, we're probably erring on the side of conservatism. But like I said, based on the current conditions, we're standing by this guidance until things change for the better. And if and when that happens, we'll update you accordingly.
Operator: Our final question comes from Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: Chris, I had a quick program question. I was wondering if you could update us on what the Navy and Air Force's plans are to replace the E6Bs, E4Bs? I think that was supposed to be a combined program at one point. I don't know where it is today, but I also know it's kind of right up IMS' alley in potentially a pretty big opportunity. So I was just wondering what your thoughts are on the timing and the sizing of that? And if that's something that DoD can actually fund?
Christopher Kubasik : Yes. Yes. No, it's right up our alley for the ISR IMS organization. But also those programs, as we do more and more cross-segment work involves BCS and some of the comms team as well. So the one thing I think we're doing a much better job on and what we've been doing since the merger is pulling in other sectors and other segments and looking at some of these things holistically. So yes, IMS will take the lead, but we'll be able to pull through. The E6Bs, I think that's one that we were hoping for last year, and it continues to slide. We'll have to follow up with you with the exact dollar opportunities. It's on our priority of pursuit list to get both of those programs. But I think it's a '22 program. But with all the things that I talked about, it could slip into '23. So -- we'll get you more information on that one, Pete.
Christopher Kubasik : All right. Well, look, before we sign off, again, I want to welcome Michelle. Obviously, she's hit the ground running. I'd also like to acknowledge the dedication and hard work and perseverance of our 47,000 employees worldwide. We've continued to perform well in a constantly changing environment. They've had to deal with different work schedules, locations, vaccine mandates, all while navigating through a pretty large merger of equals. So -- at the end of the day, we have a great team here at L3Harris. I'm excited about the opportunities ahead as our company enters the third year post merger. Look forward to meeting and talking with everyone over the next few months, introducing Michelle. And then we'll be back in April for our first quarter call. So thank you all for joining. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to L3 Harris Technologies, Third Quarter Calendar Year 2021, earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instruction]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our Third Quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today are Chris Kubasik, our CEO, and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on Forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release presentation and SEC filings. Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. With that, Chris, I'll turn it over to you.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Rajiv. And good morning, everyone. As you've seen throughout the week, no Company is immune, including L3Harris to global supply chain pressures, a risk we highlighted at the last earnings call. In recent months, shortages of electronic components began adversely impacting our Company at a time when our product is strong. Our updated full-year guidance now accounts for these impacts. We revised our organic revenue growth expectations to approximately 2%, primarily due to delays for these components weighing on the CS segment. [Indiscernible] such delays, we would have comfortably been within our prior 3% to 5% range. Ultimately, this is a timing shift with no anticipated effect on our industry best market position for radios.  And with our broad and diversified portfolio, along with continued execution elsewhere, especially on the margin front we've increased our range on EPS to $12.85 to $13 per share, and still expect to deliver free cash flow per share of around $14, up double-digit on both accounts. Shifting over to the third quarter, following organic revenue growth of 6% in the second quarter, we saw a decline of 1% due to timing associated with supply chain delays at CES and an ISR aircraft awarded IMS. While I'm disappointed by the soft top-line results, I'll note that the order momentum remains strong with a book-to-bill of 1.07 and we delivered record high margins at 19.6%. EPS was $3.21 up 13% versus the prior year with solid free cash flow of 673 million that contributed to shareholder returns of 1.5 billion in the quarter.  Our execution against the Company's strategy priorities have been a key factor and value creation for all stakeholders, In spite of the pandemic. And we make progress in the quarter by advancing top-line opportunities, improving operational performance, wrapping up portfolio shaping, and returning capital to our owners. Starting with the top line, the revenue declined and the quarter fell short of our internal targets, largely due to 2 timing factors. At CES, the global electronic component shortage has led to a supply chain disruption for our product and electronics focused businesses, notably tactical communications. In the third quarter, the impact was nearly a $100 million or approximately 2 points of revenue.  And in the fourth quarter, our expectation is for the backlog of unfilled orders to grow, and all told we foresee a roughly $250 million to $300 million revenue impact for the year, implying another step-down in the fourth quarter. This is the primary driver of our revenue guidance adjustment at CES. Having said that, we do not anticipate any impact to our bookings, nor our win rates, and expect the segment to end the year with a book-to-bill well over one times. In addition, despite the supply chain challenges we faced in Q3 and ongoing headwinds, we were able to meet delivery requirements on all of our key U.S. DoD modernization programs, and are on track to continue to do so in the fourth quarter, including deliveries on the recently awarded HMS full rate production contract with the U.S. Army.  Second, in IMS we had a follow on ISR aircraft order with a NATO customer that booked to late in the quarter, causing revenues to slip to Q4, representing roughly a 2.5 shift between quarters. While the supply chain headwinds is limit upside opportunities to our revenues for this year, I have been pleased with the team's traction against our strategy of delivering end-to-end solutions to global militaries as a trusted disruptor across all domains. And it's reflected in our order activity and operational milestones. Within the space domain on the classified side, we continue to advance our responsive and exquisite satellite business with several earlier-stage awards, both with the intel Community and DoD, which have follow-on opportunities of nearly $2 billion.  And on the unclassified side, following the imager award in Q2, NOAA is progressing on the recapitalization of its geo weather satellite system and awarded us a study contract for a sounder payload as part of a $3 billion opportunity over the next decade. On the operational front, we completed the preliminary design review in the development of the missile tracking satellite prototype for the Space Development Agency, progressing towards a launch over the coming years, and reflecting yet another significant accomplishment for L3Harris. Moving to the air domain, key awards within the quarter spanned both legacy and next-generation aircraft.  On the B52, we received a 10-year $1 billion IDIQ that has the potential to expand our scope on the program to include EW hardware upgrades such as radar warning receivers, building on our existing software sustainment work. In addition on the international front, we were awarded an initial a $100 million contract to provide capabilities on 12 multi-mission aircraft for the UAE with the potential to double these amounts further demonstrating the breadth of our ISR capabilities that range from turbo props to business jets, to large aircraft. And in the land domain, we were awarded several contracts with the U.S. Army to advance its modernization priorities.  Under the army H MS Program, we received over 200 million in awards for the manpack and leader radios, taking a majority share on both products. These are the first full rate production awards out of a multibillion -dollar IDIQ, and represents less than 15% of the acquisition objective, pointing to considerable runway ahead. We also want a majority share on the second program of record for the EM VGV program with $100 million order, setting us up to ramp production on the Army's next-generation field ready cargos. So we were three for three on strategically significant programs in the land domain this quarter. Within the maritime domain, the team continues to progress on the U.S. Navy Constellation Class frigate with follow-on awards for the next chipset of electrical propulsion and navigation systems as part of a several $100 million opportunity for L3Harris.  We're also awaiting decisions on 2 major prime awards over the coming months. One to provide Electro Optical infrared capabilities on a broad range of the U.S. Navy surface combatants and another with an international ally, highlighting our superior undersea censor capabilities. Both would expand our market reach in this domain. Operationally, the team delivered power conversion suite hardware as part of the Virginia Class block 5 upgrade and completed qualifications for a portion of the power distribution system on the Columbian Class, advancing the U.S. Navy's top priority. We also had a key award within our mission networks business.  We leveraged the air traffic management capabilities we provide to the FAA, winning a new international franchise with the Australian government to modernize the nation's air traffic control and surveillance networks. This program is an over $300 million opportunity, and strengthens L3Harris's long-standing relationship with Australia. Finally, we received a strategic award on the revenue synergy front as we signed a $130 million contract with a mid east customer to provide modernized, software-defined radios through a localized joint venture. And this customer channels synergy award opens the door to a long-term opportunity for up to 50,000 radios.  When combined with other orders in the quarter, revenue synergy awards to-date totaled roughly 900 million on a win rate that remains at 70%. For the pipeline of over $7 billion, these synergies will be a notable contributor to our top-line growth. This win supported, another strong quarter for a book-to-bill 1.07 and 1.06 times year-to-date, increasing our organic backlog to $21 billion. We're up 9% from last year and 4% year-to-date. This is validation of our internal investments in leading R&D spend, as well as confirmation of our alignment with government priorities. Shifting over to the outlook for budgets, we're pleased with the progress made on the FY22 defense spending bills that continue to prioritize near-peer threats, notwithstanding another CR.  To plus ups from the HASC, SaaS, and SAC-D along with steadiness from HAC -D, combined with recent global events provide a degree of comfort that we should expect stability in military spending over the coming years. And in my personal discussions with senior leadership of the administration and Congress, I have consistently heard of a growing need for innovative, resilient and affordable solutions which we're focused on providing. All-in-all, as we consider the trajectory of our top-line, we remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable growth through our domestic positioning, revenue synergies, and international expansion that stem from a pipeline of opportunities well in excess of a $100 billion.  Pivoting the margin performance our team delivered a stellar quarter at 19.6%, the best post-merger results and an indication of the Company's potential over the next couple of years as we further build a culture of operational excellence. Our performance was the result of delivering another 15 million of incremental cost synergies, and we're well on track to hit our $350 million target. We continue to manage our overhead costs and drive our E3 program to more than offsetting supply chain headwinds. Due primarily to our year-to-date results, we now see margins for 2021 exceeding our prior expectation of 18.5% by 25 basis points. Beyond 2021, our E3 program will remain a key contributor to steady expansion in our operating margins, net of inflationary pressures.  This program is one of our key discriminators. And let me highlight just a couple of examples. First, is factory optimization that represents half of this opportunity set. Through streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing processes, be it from a redesign of a factory's layout or integrating automation tools, we can shorten cycle times, increase labor efficiency and continue to drive out costs. A great example is the pilot program at our Amityville facility in New York, where an augmented reality assembly aid that electronically displays and validates our processes helps reduce cycle time by 25% and higher first-pass yields by several points. And we're in the early stages of a strategy with a 3-year roll out ahead of us. The other half of our opportunity comes from the engineering excellence hand supply chain.  On the former, through the deployment of our digital ecosystem, front-loading our program activities, and enhancing training for our roughly 20,000 engineers and 1,500 program managers, we're able to increase commonality and better manage cost and schedule across the Company. These have been key with some of our standout wins within the Space domain, enabling a foray into missile defense, as well as with driving favorability in our EACs. On supply chain, the global disruption we've highlighted have been largely contained to about 15% of the Company, and are temporary in nature.  The focus we've had, be it on reducing the number of suppliers are leveraging our roughly $7.5 billion spend as an enterprise, remain in place with further opportunities. In the years ahead. Moving over to the portfolio, we put a bow on the post-merger shaping activities in the quarter and closed on the electron devices divestiture for $185 million, while announcing the sale of 2 small businesses with an AS for a combined 130 million, bringing total gross proceeds since the merger to $2.8 billion. And as we consider our portfolio moving forward, we'll be opportunistic with our balance sheet as a buyer and a seller, focusing on long-term growth and value creation.  Having said that, we don't see any gaps in the portfolio, nor is there any urgency at this time. Consistent with our prior commitments, proceeds from the divestitures will be part of our capital return program. Our expectation now is for buybacks to be roughly $3.6 billion this year versus our prior $3.4 billion. When combined with dividends, capital returns will be about $4.5 billion in 2021. So overall, I'm pleased with the L3Harris team's ability to execute against our strategic priorities and deliver bottom line results despite unanticipated setbacks. With that, I will hand it over to Jay.
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. First and starting on Slide 4, I'll provide more detail on the quarter before I get into segment results and our updated outlook. In the quarter, organic revenue was down 1% lower than our internal expectations by about 4.5 points from the supply chain delays in ISR aircraft award timing. IMS and CES were down 3% and 5% respectively, and absentee impacts would've been up closer to the mid-single-digit range for both. The SAS segment was up 3% and led by strong growth in our responsive space business while AS was up 1%, including the benefit from recovery in commercial aerospace. Margins expanded 170 basis points to 19.6% with the most notable drivers being from E3 performance in cost management, which more than offset volume-related supply chain headwinds.  We exceeded our internal expectations by more than a 100 basis points from favorable mix related to award timing and strong E3 performance. The team continues to drive margin upside by delivering an E3 improvements that lead to outperformance in scheduled milestones, costs, and retirement of risk. These drivers, along with our share repurchase activity, drove EPS up 13% or $0.37 to $3.21 as shown on Slide 5. Of this growth synergies and operations contributed $0.39. A lower share count contributed another $0.20, and pension and tax accounted for the remaining $0.08 then more than offset a $0.14 headwind from divested earnings and a $0.16 headwind from supply chain delays.  Free cash flow was $673 million and we ended the quarter steady with working capital days at 56. The supported robust shareholder returns of $1.5 billion comprised of 1.3 billion in share repurchases and $202 million in dividends. Now let's turn to slide 6 and discuss quarterly segment results. Integrated Mission Systems revenue was down 3% driven by follow-on ISR aircraft award timing from a NATO customer that would have contributed 8 points of growth for which revenue has now been booked in October. Revenue was also impacted by the expected timing of WESCAM turret deliveries from a completed facility move. By contrast, our maritime business grew in the mid-single digits from a ramp on key platforms, including the Constellation Class frigate and classified programs.  Operating income was up 4% and margins expanded a 110 basis points to 16.6% from operational excellence, integration benefits, and pension. Funded book-to-bill was 1.04 in the quarter, and 1.05 year-to-date with strength across the segment. In Space and Airborne Systems, revenue increased 3%, driven by double-digit growth in Space, primarily from our ramping missile defense and other responsive programs. The Space growth was more than offset from the production transition -- I'm sorry, the Space program more than offset headwinds from the production transition of the F-35 TR3 program with admission avionics, as well as program timing in Electronic Warfare and Intel and Cyber.  We expect an overall ramp in the quarter -- in the fourth quarter for the segment. Operating income was up 5%, and margins expanded 30 basis points to 18.8% as E3 performance, increased pension income, and integration benefits, more than offset higher R&D investments and mix impacts from growth programs such as in Space. [Indiscernible] to bill was about 1 for the quarter and 1.05 year-to-date, driven by responsive and other Space awards. Next, Communication Systems, organic revenue was down 5% due primarily to product delivery delays within tactical communications that stemmed from the global electronic component shortages, creating an approximately 8 point headwind year-over-year and versus expectations as well as lower volume for a legacy unmanned platforms and broadband due to the transition from permissive to contested operating environments.  In addition, the integrated vision and global communication solution businesses were impacted by delivery timing and contract roll-offs on international programs respectively. Conversely, our public safety business was up double-digits versus the prior year and sequentially a strong radio sales following the State of Florida Law Enforcement System Award in the prior quarter. Operating income decreased 1% and margins expanded 130 basis points to 26.3% from operational excellence, including program performance within broadband, favorable mix on public safety radios, and integration benefits that outweighed supply-chain impacts in higher R&D investments. And funded book-to-bill was above 1.1 for both the quarter and year-to-date from strong product bookings within Tactical Communications and integrated vision for monetization alongside key state level awards within public safety.  Finally, in aviation systems, organic revenue increased 1% by our commercial aerospace business that was up over 40% from recover and training and air transport OEM product sales. This growth was weighed down by flattish (ph) sales and mission networks, as well as lower fusing in ordinance systems volume due to contract roll-offs, along with delayed awards within defense aviation. Operating income decreased 13% primarily due to divestitures, while margins expanded a 140 basis points to 14.4% at expense management, the commercial aerospace recovery, and integration benefits more than offset divestiture related headwinds. And finally book-to-bill was 1.1 for the quarter and about 0.9 year-to-date.  Now shifting to our updated 2021 outlook. Organic revenue is now anticipated to be up about 2% with the difference versus our prior guard largely attributable to supply chain delays at the segment level, we've maintained our sale s guides but for CES, where we now anticipate revenue to be down 2.5% to 4.5%. Versus a prior range of up 2.5% to 4.5%. This is largely due to the global supply chain disruptions, mainly within tactical communications that will now be down about 10% versus our prior view of up in the low to mid-single-digits. For the remaining segments, we expect IMS to be in the upper half of the range based on traction with international ISR aircraft while SCS will likely be around the midpoint and driven by growth within Space and Intel & Cyber. And at AS, we expect the segment to be at the lower end of the range due to guard timing slipping to the fourth-quarter within our classified business.  Buy and market, our U.S. government and commercial businesses are now expected to be flattish to up in the low single-digits, while our international businesses are expected to be up mid-single digits plus. This implies fourth quarter sales growth will be in the 1% to 2% range for the Company, which includes CS down in the mid-teens and our other segments up in the mid to high-single-digits on average. Turning to margins, we've raised our outlook to 18.75% from 18.5% due to performance to-date, E3 progress, and favorable mix from award timing. Margins will step back in the fourth quarter due to increased supply chain delays along with mix effects and new earlier stage programs, but still, strong progress for the full year.  From segment perspective, we've improved the outlook for each with CS above the prior midpoint of its range and IMS, SAS and AS above the top end of their prior ranges. On EPS, we're raising the lower end of the prior guide by $0.05 to $12.85 to $13 per share, reflecting 11% growth from 2020 at the midpoint. Delivering on our double-digit aspiration in spite of dilution from divestitures and supply chain headwinds, which otherwise would have put us at or above the top end. As shown on slide 11, the midpoint is now at 1293, that's $0.55 from improvement in operations in other items, including the release of contingencies, offset, additional divested earnings above $0.03 and $0.49 from supply chain delays.  As mentioned previously, we continue to expect about $0.15 of net dilution from divestitures. Moving to free cash flow, our guide of 2.8 to 2.9 remains intact. However, due to prior divestiture, headwinds and now supply chain delays of over a $150 million in the aggregate, we'll likely be toward the lower end. On working capital, we expect to end the year in the low 50s in terms of days, reflecting a 3 to 5 day sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. And Capex is now expected to be around $350 million, about $15 million lower versus the prior expectation, primarily from completed divestitures.  Lastly, our guidance now reflects approximately $3.6 billion in share repurchases, an increase of $200 million from our prior guide to account for net proceeds from recently closed divestitures. None of these puts and takes were in a position to deliver free cash flow per share in the double-digits in 2021. Okay, let me make a few comments on 2022. The L3Harris business fundamentals are sound and we continue to succeed in our strategy of moving up the value chain to capture more prime positions on core, and adjacent applications. Examples include our leadership positions in space missile tracking, ISR aircraft machinization, DOD, and international soldier modernization, undersea sensing, and cyber resiliency. These and others will lead to solid growth for the foreseeable future.  As we look specifically at 2022, we are expecting supply chain impacts to persist into the first half of next year with recovery starting in the back half. As visibility improves over the coming months, we will provide a more comprehensive update on these expectations in January. For now, we are expecting some of the shortfall to be covered by the end of next year and we'll monitor other watch items, including the timing of awards, vaccine mandates, and tax rules.  Having said that, we remain focused on delivering sustainable revenue growth, steady to rising margins, and leading cash flow conversion on a declining share count. So to sum it all up, we've managed the pandemic related headwinds for seventh straight quarter, and delivered strong bottom line performance, and remain on track to meet our commitments for the year and beyond in a dynamic environment. With that, Rob, let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourselves to one single part question. If you'd like to ask a question please [Operator Instructions] is in the question queue. You may press [Operator Instructions] if you'd like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it maybe necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. One moment, please, while we poll for questions. Thank you, our first question is from Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning, Jay and Rajeev. Jay, you baited us rest right there so I have to ask, in terms of the rethink guides we saw from peers in both supply chain issues and program headwinds they noted, how are you guys thinking about 2022 revenue growth specifics on the multi-year revenue outlook just given you've previously talked about mid-single digits and now peers are calling for flat-to-low single-digit growth.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Sheila It's Chris, I think let me make a couple of comments and then I'll lateral it over to Jay. And I think you said it, right. This is clearly the key question for the week. So I want to go back probably three years when we were talking about the strategic rationale for the merger. And there were 2 items of note and I want to go back and reinforce. And 1 was the complementary nature of the 2 businesses. And after the merger, how we're well-positioned in all 5 domains. So when you look at the threat environment which changes on a regular basis, you look about and read a lot about China. I mean, our positioning in space and maritime, I think puts us in a good position to support the war fighter.  Our Cyber capabilities really are applicable not only in China, but all conflicts. I like what we've done in the air domain. While there's applicability in China, it also allows for situational awareness globally. And I think that's critical as we look beyond just the China threat. And the land domain is still a key part of our national security strategy, especially with the focus on resilient comms. So I like the fact that we're well-positioned in all these domains, and I think you see that reflected in our results and we're going to tell you a little bit about 2022. The other one was the revenue synergies. And again, like most of the goals that we set on this merger, we're ahead of schedule. And as I said just a few minutes ago, $900 million of orders earlier than we thought, and I think there's a lot more to come.  So the framework that we laid out 3 years ago, and I've talked about each year remains the same. We think we're well-positioned with the DOD and all domains. We have a great revenue synergy, opportunity and process. And our international growth has been the bright spot over the last couple of years. So, as you would expect, we're going through our strategic planning process. As of today, I see all 4 segments growing in 2022, with the overall Company coming in in the low to mid-single digits on an organic growth basis. We'll obviously give you more details in January. But let me hand it over to Jay to maybe give you more detail by sector and also emphasize the 800 million of headwinds as a result of divestitures when you're doing your comparison. So Jay.
Jay Malave: Sure. Thanks, Chris. And just to follow up on that and maybe just a little bit more color on next year when you think about low to mid-single-digit framework for next year. What I'll do is I'll maybe just take you around the horn of our segments. And I think Chris said it well, as far as broad growth across the portfolio. I'll start with IMS. And this year, we had a guide of 4-6, we've said it will be probably towards the upper end this year. And we see a lot of the same going into 2022 that we've seen here in 2021. The ISR business has been a strong grower force behind the back of international aircraft mechanization. We will see fewer aircraft procurement inputs next year, but that will be more than offset by the ramp in actual throughput related to mechanization in aircraft.  You may recall that Chris, in the second quarter call, talked about 19 aircraft in various stages of mechanization, so that will be a source of growth for that business. And that business can certainly deliver loaded mid-single-digit growth next year, if not more. On the EO business within IMS, Chris mentioned a few awards Electro Optical sensors for the Navy. We're bullish on that, that will be a source of growth for us next year. And again, very capable of being able to deliver low-to-mid-single digit next year and a final business with an IMS is Maritime. Maritime has had a strong record over the -- really since the merger. And we see more of the same there as well. We talk about the Constellation Class frigate.  We've won some awards on the classified undersea sensors, and we continue to expand our capabilities and applications in maritime and we expect that to deliver to frankly mid to high-single-digit growth next year. And so when you look at that segment in total, it's very well-positioned to do a low to mid-single-digit if not more. When you look at space in Air Boeing systems, very similar. We continue to expect space to grow as it did this year. And so you would see something in the -- maybe in the range of mid-to-high single-digits growth there. Same thing with Intel & Cyber. We continue to see growth and demand in declassified areas of both of those businesses.  That will be tempered a bit by our airborne businesses we've seen this year that the transition, particularly mission avionics and on the F-35 from development to production, we'll see that again next year, as well as some program transitions on the electronic warfare, particularly in the F16 program. But nonetheless, even with a flattish to slightly down business in the airborne, we'll see Space and Intel carry that segment forward, very easily, being able to deliver something like in the low to mid-single digits. And I'll go next to maybe AS, and the remaining businesses that we have there. The commercial aero business has moved pretty much in line with the commercial aerospace industry.  We continue to expect our traffic growth next year and we expect that business to grow in line with that. You can expect to see some double-digit growth in that business. Mission networks, Chris mentioned the Australia award that will be a source of growth for us next year. And again, really in the low to mid-single-digit range there. And in our Defense Aviation, it's seeing a little bit of delays related to war timing. But even with a flat projection for next year, that business can deliver -- the segment can deliver low-to-mid-single-digit growth. And then finally CS. And we've talked about SATCOM the supply chain pressures there. This year that that business will be. Now about 10.  And we see if we think about SATCOM, we expect growth even next year off the lower base that we have this year. This year we're going to be impacted in the third and the fourth quarter. We expect to be impacted again in the first and second quarter, we recover the back half. With that recovering the back half, we believe that business can grow in that low to mid-single-digit baseline from this year. And it's really similar with the BCS business, our broadband business, our integrated vision solutions business, and PSPC, which will also just benefit from industry recovery. And so as Chris mentioned, again, I'll close with that.  We really see a broad-based growth in a low to mid-single-digit initial framework is the right way to look at it, really across the portfolio. One last thing, Chris mentioned about $800 million. On a reported basis, we'll see about $800 million of revenue headwind due to the divestitures of next year. But again, starting with the organic, really low-to-mid-single-digit is probably the best place for us to be until we solidify our expectations and we'll do that in January for you. Hopefully that went around the horn and gave you some color within each of the segments, and really give you the source of why we feel confident in our gaining confidence and our ability to deliver that type of growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Jay Malave: Good morning.
Robert Stallard: Thanks for that detail, Jay, that was very helpful. The question I have though is around supply chain, also facing a few issues at the moment. I was wondering what your plans are to mitigate these pressures over the next say 6, 12 months and what the implications could be for say your revenues and margins? Thanks so much.
Chris Kubasik: Alright. Thanks, Rob. Let me kick it off and, again, Jay will give you some more details on the numbers. I think it really hit as we were preparing for this call the last few days when Jay said that we've been through 7 quarters of the pandemic. I mean, it's probably been a blur for all of us, but we really started back in February of 2020 focusing on the supply chain challenge. Just eight months after we closed the merger, we set up our COVID war room and the real focus there was on the first tier suppliers that we had in the Far East. Obviously, since then we've learned a lot about the second, third, fourth tier suppliers and some of the risks in the chain and the resiliency.  So I just want to acknowledge that this is something we've looked at for 7 quarters. Of course, we shifted and as I would say, we always focus on the supply chain, we added in remote working, the IT connections, vaccines, all the challenges that we've gone through in the pandemic. So it's been a little bit of a roller coaster, but the key is then getting our systems consolidated from the merger, getting data, getting visibility, and all of that is improved over the last several quarters. So I think that's what gives us confidence to make some of the projections and talk in a little more detail today. Back in early August, we were probably feeling much better about the year and, you know, August was the high point for the Delta variant spiking around the globe.  And that really threw the delays that we're seeing for the rest of the year. So we're assuming in our baseline is a 12-month delay. Until things get back to normal with the supply chain. I know there's different time-frames out there but that's kind of the baseline that we're focused on. I will mention as a defense contractor, we have the benefit of what's known as D - pass ratings, which are the defense priorities in allocation system. And that's something we've been focused on the last several quarters. And even on the other end of it, the supply chain, a lot of our suppliers are aware of this and are still putting in systems and implementing it. But they've been very supportive in prioritizing our defense products. And I think that's given us a little more confidence and visibility. But that is kind of an overview. I'll ask Jay to maybe give you some of the details on the numbers.
Jay Malave: Sure. Just maybe a couple of other items that we're pretty focused on, Rob. Obviously, I think we're probably no different than others in terms of making longer term commitments, our 12, 18, 24 months in certain cases. We've redeployed resources to make sure we're managing this at lower tiers in the electronic component value chain. And we speak secure alternative sources as well as alternative parts and qualify them. We were redesigning parts in products and electronic components to really ensure that we can have adequate sources supply going into next year. And we're making crop progress across each of these areas, which again is why we're gaining confidence that we'll be able to grow in this business next year.  As far as supply chain specifically, supply-chain escalation is certainly going to be a cost for us when we think about 2022. Right now the I'm thinking about is about 25 basis points of margin pressure associated with escalation costs. I would say that that's something that we were considering, that's something that we've got baked in, and that's something that will be part of our plans to deliver on our E3 productivity. Our goal will be as it always is, to offset the headwinds from mix, as well as supply chain, and deliver at least flat margins, if not higher. The next year will be no different. The pressure is going to be a little bit higher but nonetheless, we believe that we're going to have a solid path to be able to offset it.
Robert Stallard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Seth Seifman with J.P Morgan, please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I guess if I could slip in 2 quick ones here either for Chris or Jay. If you could just address maybe cash-flow next year, your $3 billion target and thoughts on cash flow, growth per share thereafter. And then maybe Jay, the guidance for the integration costs kind of stepping up. It seems to imply a fairly high level in the fourth quarter relative to what we've seen in the past. So maybe what's driving that at this point and where those go from here on out. Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. I'll maybe take in a reverse order. On the integration costs, we actually saw a step up here in the third quarter. We'll see a little bit higher again here in the fourth quarter. It's really mainly due to two things. One is as we work through our facility consolidations, we've seen an uptick in costs. We expect to see continued spending in that area, probably through the mid-year, next year as we complete those factory consolidations. The other element is a really IT harmonization. We've talked a lot about harmonizing our ERP systems. There were just various systems beyond just our ERPs. We've been working through and incurring the cost on related to integration. That will carry over, I would expect it to next year as well. Some for a period of time again, probably through the first 6 months.
Jay Malave: And your question on $3 billion of free cash flow, for us to the formula really remains the same. We need to deliver annually, I'm including next year, about 3 to 4 days reduction in working capital. And that will offset the growth that otherwise would take place in working capital from just increased use of assets. And so we're able to do that. We should be able to at least hold the working capital flat if not become a source of income, or source of cash flow and then we can have that added to drag drop-through of net income. And so really remains the same as far as our working capital. When you go back and look, we've got we ended the quarter at 56 days. We've got seven sectors who are above that average, which comprises about 2/3 of our working capital. A lot of that is sitting in inventory, and we've talked about this in the past. And we're really, you know, again, it's just blocking and tackling, focusing on fundamentals as far as inventory reduction. This include things like just ensure that we execute against our program milestones. We're synchronizing our forecasting and planning with our supply chain.  We'll continue to work and Chris mentioned it on cycle time reductions in automations in the factory, as well as just negotiating better turns of our contracts, getting more advances where we're looking maybe compare to some of our other peers. Their percentage of advance is a little bit higher than ours, and so that creates an opportunity for us to ensure that we can match cash receipts with cash disbursements on the inventory side. So we're opportunity rich here, 2/3 of our working capital is prime for us to continue to work down. We feel good about that. And look from a free cash flow per share, we're very confident in double-digit growth there for the foreseeable future.
Chris Kubasik: [Indiscernible] in real quick on the integration costs. With the pandemic, we stayed agile and made some changes to strategies. And I'll just say in the IT world, we have laid out an architecture. And with the need for remote work and hybrid work, we re-prioritized and made some changes which caused us to accelerate some of our expenditures in Q3, Q4. Same thing applied to supply chain.  We had a whole strategy and one of those was to hit the end of '22, start investing in the risk dashboard to give us more visibility into our supply chain and identified risks. You've seen publicly available data, whether it's stuff such as wildfires or financial stability in the supply chain. We obviously accelerated that into this year, rolling that out in Q3 and Q4. So some of those things seem to make business sense to increase the cost and accelerate the expenditures based on what was going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Shapiro Research. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Chris, Jay, Rajeev. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about 2 of your programs, if I may. First, that recent GAO decision on the next-gen jammer. I'm curious as to what happens now, f you think the program gets re-competed, do you think changes are made to the program? And the second program I'd like to ask you about is the F-35. We had some long-term guidance come from Lockheed this week. I was just curious if you could discuss a bit how you think that might impact you, where that was relative to expectations, that sort of thing.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, sure. Rich. Good morning. Let me go with your next-gen jammer question. Just to refresh everyone's memory, we won that program back in December of 2020, almost a year ago. The Navy has affirmed 3 times their choice to select L3Harris, including most recently using an independent reviewer. There's been a lot of media, a lot of discussion on this. We were very proud of the fact that we were rated technically outstanding. And, you know, that's aligns with our strategy. And in the R&D investments that we've made and moving up the food chain, so I think we just let the process proceed. It's somewhere between Navy and Department of Justice and the other Company as to what they're going to do next.  But our team is ready. There was a stop work order put in place which is pretty standard. And whenever that's decided to be lifted we're ready to go, or whatever other legal actions occur. But again, we're very confident in our solution, as is the Navy as they continue to reaffirm their selection. We'll stand by and look forward to supporting the Warfighter when we can get started. F-35, I think we've talked about this on every call. Let me give you a quick update. We're obviously the key player on the F-35. We have a strong position on the platform, about $3 million per shipset. Our overall F-35 revenue is decreasing in '21, decreasing in '22, and then starts to grow again in '23.  That's really a result of the TR3 transition from development to production. And where that may differ a little bit from what you saw -- from the prime, is the fact that we'll be retrofitting several hundred aircrafts so that's what allows us to grow in '23 and beyond. Not only are we going forward with the new aircraft, we're also going to retrofit. And again, the main focus for us is the AMS, the Aircraft Memory System. We just completed safety of flight certifications so that was quite exciting. A lot of positive emails from Lockheed and the customers. So good progress on our AMS. The panoramic cockpit display is entering qualification testing.  And then of course, the integrated core processor is the most complex and, again, we're making progress there. Everybody understands the critical path. And as we've always said, the hard part is ahead of us here as the integration testing is going on. So I think, as I've said the last several quarters, the teamwork is much better than I've ever seen. Everybody is aligned, everybody understands the goals, the challenges, and the critical path, and we're honored to be on that platform and look forward to delivering on our commitment.
Operator: That's a question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if you could give us some color on the Tactical IRS backlog where it stands now, kind of the longer-term outlook in that business. I know you gave a view on 22, but just longer term. What do you have in the pipeline both domestically and foreign and give any color you can provide there. Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Let me take a first shot at this one. Well, first of all, we have a record backlog of $1.2 billion, and that's the best we had in the past 10 years. So relative to that, there is no issue relative to demand, and book-to-bill in the quarter was 1.7 in year to date, we're almost at 1.2, so there is absolutely 0 issue with the demand. I highlighted some of the significant wins that we had recently with the army. You're well aware of those large, high IDIQs and how there is a lot of runway to go relative to those. So we're feeling really good on the demand and the outlook. We're going to see growth in '22 internationally. I think there continues to be lots of interest for this year. Asia-Pacific region and Central and Latin America are growing. Europe and the Mid East is a little flat, but as we look further out in '23 and beyond, I see that trend switching.  I think Jay did a good job, just of highlighting it. We look like -- we do about -- if I go back to 2020, we're doing about $450 million, roughly, per quarter in revenue. In '21, the first 2 quarters, due to our growth, we were closer to $475 million. Third quarter, we came in at $400 million and the fourth quarter probably going to be in that $300 million to $400 million range depending on supply chain. I see that trend continuing for the first 2 quarters of next year. The 300 to 400 range, and then maybe ramping up to 500 plus for the second half of 22 and the first two quarters of '23 will make up for the shortfall. So I'm trying to give you some color there based on what we see in backlog and the opportunities that we have around the globe. I don't know Jay if there's more.
Jay Malave: Yeah. Maybe just a little bit. Chris mentioned, I think in his remarks as well as far as a Middle East customer. What we have here, these are $1 billion plus type opportunities with this Middle East customer as well as the U.K. and Australia. And what we've been able to do in each case is when front-end type of contracts. And so right now with this particular country we won about 5,000 radios, that could be potential up to 50,000 radios over a number of years. And so being on the front end will position us well for that longer-term opportunity. The same thing goes with the U.K. We just want an opportunity to do tech refresh on current radios. Net positions as well, for what could be it also another opportunity of 50,000 radios, billion-dollar plus program.  If similarly, Australia you're looking at potentially 35,000 radios. In our ballpark, we also want an opportunity there to do some crypto monetization on installed base. And so winning these early awards puts us in positions j us t very well for these long-term large programs in each of these countries, we've got a DoD opportunity coming up on either this quarter or next quarter with the marine corps. We feel confident in our positioning there and our products offering for that. And so we're confident and bullish about the opportunities for the Tactical Radio business going forward in our positioning as well.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Chris, segment margins were 19.5% in the quarter. Rounding, you're at that 20% margin you've been targeting, but your full-year 2021 guide implies a step-down in 4Q. Can you provide more details on the puts and takes and how we should think about margins going into 2022? I know it's too early for a 2022 guide, but is 20% a 4?
Chris Kubasik: Good to see on a Friday. Nobody's lost their sense of humor. Now I said earlier, everything related to the merger is going to go on quicker and better than maybe anyone had expected or planned. And we've talked about a 25 basis point increase year-over-year. So the way I look at it is we're a year or 2 ahead of that target. And the goal for '22 and beyond will be to, at a minimum maintain these margins, but look for ways to increase it. I mean, some of the things that contributed, and I'll let Jay give you more details on Q3. We've really been focusing on our discretionary spend the SG&A. I think this was one of our lower quarters since the merger as a percent of revenue. We continue to invest in the irad at about 4% of revenue, which I think has been positioned us for this growth that we talked about going forward. And these -- the mix from these new awards -- talked about some of these awards being delayed.  I think, you know, most of these new awards initially are dilutive to margins as you win, especially if there are cost plus or even if they're fixed price, just being conservative so -- but those slipping to Q4. I think that accounts for some of the shift between the 2 quarters, but we look at it on an annual basis, and year-over-year progress is looking good. And we're not going to give up, and we're going to continue with our E3 initiatives. The E3 focus is really what's making the difference. And I tried to highlight some of the things we're doing relative to labor productivity. We're using collaborative robots and augmented reality and some interesting technology that's just going to get our products to market quicker.  We talked about the supply chain and some of the things we're doing there, value-engineering, more and more focused on making our products even more manufacturable, we talked about designing for manufacture, design for supply chain. All those initiatives are ongoing and getting better each and every time, so I don't have [Indiscernible]. Further color you want to give?
Jay Malave: Yeah. Just on Q4, as you mentioned, we will see some just newer awards which have lower margins on it. And then the Tactile Communication business steps down in Q4, so I'll put pressure on the margins from a business mix perspective. And so that's really the driver for Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning.
Jay Malave: Good morning.
Doug Harned: You've talked a lot about supply chain today and a lot of companies have lot of industrial companies, whether they are in defense and honest talked about it. But I'd like to -- what I wanted to understand is in -- supply chain issues have clearly held you back some in communication systems this year and you talked about the first half of next year. But unlike some commercial businesses, I wouldn't expect any of the deliveries and revenues that you were expecting to have gone away. And when you think forward, should we expect the snapback eventually here, where you've just, you've built up -- you've got building up of a backlog of demand and we should actually see what I would think of as a surge when we get into 2023, when you're finally delivering on things that have been delayed?
Chris Kubasik: Yeah. Now, Doug, that's great question. I think you hit it. I tried to maybe to subtly suggest that this is a timing impact. And I think you're absolutely right. What we're seeing is these deliveries basically being deferred or sliding to the right. About 25% of our business we forecast to demand, the rest we forecast to programs which is easier to do and less risky. So on the quick turn or the more product businesses you're forecasting demand, Jay mentioned we're now making commitments 12 to 18 months out versus a couple of months. It's in-advance like we used to in the past. So when you look at the supply chain challenges to the extensive if a product or something that we recognize revenue upon delivery, you're absolutely right. You will see that as a bow wave.  The majority of our Company, and I think the whole industry, uses a percent complete or over time accounting. So in that case, you're maybe not going to see the revenue hit, but what you are going to see is a potential delay in ultimately making a delivery, which maybe causes companies to miss their milestones, which could be pressure on billing and cash to the extent it's tied to a milestone event. So I think you're absolutely right. We view this as a delay and a deferral. I mentioned the ability to use the Deepak ratings to get our parts. And as I mentioned, we haven't missed any commitments relative to our contracts and that's something that's very important to all of us and we’ll continue to find ways to deliver to those commitments.  The revenue shortfall was our focus on over driving and challenging the team to get the year-over-year growth. But as far as the contracts we're tracking and we're in constant communication with all of our customers and they understand where we are. So I don't know if that helps you, Doug, but that's a long way of saying I agree with you.
Doug Harned: Yes. Doug. You got it exactly right. I mean, 2022 I mentioned it would grow. We'd love it to snap back in 2022, but that's unlikely, but we would expect that recovery to be in '23.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, Chris. And Chris, thanks for all the details on that kind of the progress we're making on E3, but kind of just tying back to your comments that you've been operating in 7 quarters in the pandemic that feel like eternity but did -- you set up the E3 program before the pandemic, did you get any kind of opportunities that evolved during the last 7 quarters where you think there is significantly more upside that you can do from the 350 million target that you put out there? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Now, Peter, the 350 target we threw out was the cost synergies from the merger. We'll be putting a bow on that here in the next few quarters, and we've over-driven the synergies that we laid out. Anything post the merger synergies will count towards the E3 program. I think we've learned a lot, as I've said, relative to the pandemic, how we do business. And I didn't really get to focus on International as an example. And it's still amazing to me that we're effectively double-digit on international growth. And it's probably the worst time ever to do business internationally during the pandemic, but I think we learned a lot as to how to better use our time. I've been on all sorts of Zoom calls at strange hours of the data to connect with customers. And if you have those prior relationships so it's still going to be beneficial to get on an airplane and see people face-to-face.  But I think we've been able to find a way to do business more effectively. We're going to have about 10% of the workforce working remotely permanently and have about 20% doing hybrid. So those are all new and different ways to do business. And we're excited about the future. Haven't less people in the facilities, we've been able to go ahead and make some of the changes or highlight it in the factory and go ahead with the -- some of the robots that we're using, some of these light guide tools. It's just easier to get those things done. Jay mentioned the facility consolidation. We probably lost a little bit of time, as you would imagine, due to the pandemic, no one being vaccinated, and the difficulty getting labor, but now we're picking that pace back up again. Yes, we see this as really being a differentiator, something that's in our DNA and something that everybody is engaged with. Thank you for the question, Peter. I guess with that, we'll just wrap it up for the day. Obviously, I'd like to recognize the 47,000 employees who were focused on delivering value for our stakeholders, and they continue to overcome the unprecedented challenges presented by the pandemic. Their resilience, combined with the many opportunities ahead, keep me, Jay, and the whole leadership team excited about the future of L3Harris. I thank you for joining the call, and look forward to talking to you again in January. Have a great week. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Chris Kubasik - Chief Executive Officer Jay Malave - Chief Financial Officer Rajeev Lalwani - Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Greetings! Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies, Second Quarter Calendar Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today are Chris Kubasik, our CEO and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP comparable measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. With that Chris, I'll turn it over to you.
Chris Kubasik: Well, thank you Rajeev and good morning everyone. I’d like to thank the entire L3Harris team for a job well done as we began our third year as a new company. We are executing the integration plan and have exceeded many of our targets despite challenges such as the pandemic. The high performance culture and leadership team we've created are set to carry this momentum forward, which is reflected in today's results. We reported a strong second quarter, organic revenue was up over 6% with growth across our key end markets and all four business segments. Funded book-to-bill was 1.0 for the quarter and 1.05 year-to-date. Margins increased to 18.6% resulting in EPS of $3.26, up 15%. We had solid free cash flow of $685 million, which contributed to shareholder returns above $1 billion, including repurchases of $850 million in the quarter and over $1.5 billion year-to-date. Our first half performance coupled with our expectations for continued execution in the back half more than offset the divestiture headwinds and supports another raise to our EPS guidance which Jay will cover.  Execution against our strategic priorities that are on slide three continue to deliver results and create value for the company's stakeholders as we make progress and build momentum with top line opportunities, operational performance, announcing and closing divestitures and delivering on our capital return commitments.  In terms of the top line, we are at our best quarter since the start of the pandemic, with progress against our key end market growth objectives while seeing data points that validate our focused R&D strategy. Our government businesses were up 6% in the second quarter, driven by double digit growth internationally.  Our international revenue benefited from increased aircraft ISR and radio sales to regions in the Asia Pacific and Europe. And on the domestic front, the growth was broad based with our responsive space and maritime programs, as well as land modernization for night vision and SATCOM products leading the way.  Our strategy to deliver end-to-end mission solutions utilizing the capabilities and scale across the broader organization continues to gain momentum. Our space business strategy is working as we grew 10% in the quarter, capturing classified awards totaling over $300 million for ground and responsive satellite solutions. These awards are also part of the revenue synergy capture efforts and bring awards to-date to over $700 million on a win rate of 70% from our growing $7 billion plus pipeline.  Turning to our commercial aerospace and public safety businesses, they were up over 5% in aggregate, and were led by our commercial aerospace business, up double digits off a low base, and from strength in product sales. On the public safety side, there was a modest decline, but with sequential improvement and increased bid in proposal activity from a more stable backdrop.  Our solid top line was accompanied by backlog growth, as we continue to win strategic programs that includes several pride roles. Backlog increased 7% organically year-over-year to over $20 billion with notable award activity across all domains.  On the space side our revenue synergy awards came from combining electronics and optics capabilities across the company to deliver solutions for an increasingly contested environment. These are incremental to the pathfinder finder programs we previously won, which have billions of dollars of potential over time. Customers are viewing L3Harris as a trusted disrupter. They see us as a company that understands the complexity of the mission and can offer fresh and creative solutions. With a three year space pipeline of nearly $20 billion, there is more opportunity for continued growth.  Within the air domain, we strengthened our existing F-35 franchise with initial production awards for the Aircraft Memory System and the Panoramic Cockpit Display Electronic Unit under the TR3 program. This brings total orders year-to-date on the platform to about $500 million. We're progressing on all three TR3 systems through integration and qualification this year and in support of the planned of Lot 15 cut-in of the production hardware. We have also secured a roughly $100 million IDIQ with SOCOM for infrared EO Sensors on Rotary platforms, furthering our modernization opportunities across L3Harris.  Moving over to the land side, we signed several key contracts that touched both international and domestic markets. First, we received a $3.3 billion five year IDIQ for foreign military sales, to a range of partner countries from our new broader portfolio of products, including radios and SATCOM terminals. This replaces our prior 5 year $1.7 billion contract, which supports and validates the continued modernization across geographies and expands our product scope.  Second, in the UK we received a logistics support contract covering Legacy Bowman and future MORPHEUS radios, positioning us well for $1 billion modernization opportunity in that country. And third, we won a competitive 10 year IDIQ to supply the U.S. Air Force with our T7 Multi Mission Robots, further expanding our customer reach. After launching the T7 with the UK a few years back, we are now pursuing other international opportunities in the robotic area.  Within the sea domain, our team was successful in extending its leading prime position in undersea sensor systems and warfare training for a range of the U.S. Navy platforms and support of distributed maritime operations. This Undersea Warfare training range program called USWTR has an award value of nearly $400 million and further builds our credibility to pursue additional domestic and international opportunities.  In the cyber domain, while limiting to what we can say due to the classified nature, our $1 billion Intel and Cyber business received over 250 million in orders for complex mission solutions and specialized communications for both domestic and international markets, leading to another quarter of book-to-bill above 1.0 for this business. We also had a key award in an adjacent market with our public safety business, with a 15 year $450 million contract from the state of Florida to upgrade and continue operating its law enforcement system for first responders.  Moving over to the budgets, while the process is ongoing, and we await to file up [ph] we were pleased with the initial request for the FY 22 budget as a support stability in the DoD, NASA and FAA spending and is aligned with our capabilities and investment priorities. For the DoD, it's focused on continuing to revolve around and address near peer threats, through high value technology which Congress is revealing, and when we look at the portfolio and the relevant line items, our programs are well supported.  This builds on the trend we've seen in international markets, where there's a broad stability in military spending, including key countries such as the UK, Australia, Canada, Japan amongst others. We are also seeing growing demand for the type of defensive systems we offer for our alignment with the U.S. Export policies to ensure partner security.  Our most significant opportunities remain for ISR aircraft missionization and other upgrades, land force modernization and enhanced Maritime Systems. All-in-all, as we consider the trajectory of our top line over the coming years, we remain confident in our ability to outgrow the budget and deliver sustainable growth through our domestic positioning, revenue synergies and international expansion to drive a large pipeline of opportunities underpinned by our leading R&D investments.  Shifting to operational performance, we continue to surpass milestones for priority programs. For example, at SAS the team completed a successful preliminary design review for an advanced EW solution called Viper Shield that can deliver self-protection capability for Block 70 F-16.  At IMS we advanced our unmanned Maritime Strategy with several customer engagements and demonstrations, highlighting differentiators and predictive autonomy on USVs, as well as a submerged torpedo tube launch and recovery for our small UUVs. We also successfully completed a prototype demonstration for a SOCOM Multirole aircraft in a variety of challenging conditions, while utilizing the breadth of L3 Harris offerings.  And financially, we had another quarter of strong margins as the team continues to offset mixed impacts from early stage programs with three e3 initiatives, including program excellence and factory productivity, allowing us to flow through cost synergies totaling an incremental $27 million in the quarter.  In addition, the first half synergy run rate is now $350 million, driven by progress on facilities, consolidation and IT efficiencies. We see this as the minimum level we'll deliver on this year, up from the $320 million to $350 million range we discussed in April and still a year ahead of schedule. Any the upside from here will be incorporated in our e3 programs, with our integration efforts blending into operational excellence initiatives. Our margins for the year, this leaves us at about 18.5% for the top hand of the prior guide and a level we’ll look to build on in the years ahead.  Next, on capital allocation, today we announced the sale of two small businesses within our Aviation Systems segment for $185 million in cash, and these should close before year end. When combined with the roughly $2.5 billion divested under our portfolio shaping initiative, total gross proceeds are set to be $2.7 billion. We have now divested nearly 10% of our revenues and with the completion of a few others in process, our portfolio shaping program announced in 2019 is largely complete.  Proceeds from divestitures including those from the recently completed military training and combat propulsion businesses will be part of our capital returns program, consistent with our shareholder friendly capital allocation approach. Our expectation now is for buybacks to be roughly $3.4 billion this year, up versus our prior guide of $2.3 billion. When combined with dividends, capital returns will be about $4.2 billion in 2021.  So to wrap up, I'm pleased with the execution against our strategic priorities, confident in our ability to consistently deliver double digit EPS and double digit free cash flow per share growth, and I'm excited about the next phase for L3Harris.  With that, I'll hand it over to Jay. 
Jay Malave : Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. First, I'll provide more color on the quarter. I'll cover also the segment results and finish with our updated outlook.  Starting with the second quarter, organic revenue was up 6.2% with a return to growth in all four segments. IMS led the way up 12%, followed by a return to growth at AS of 4.7%. Margins expanded 40 basis points to 18.6%, primarily from e3 productivity, program performance and integration benefits, partially offset by higher R&D. The sequential decline in margin was also due to timing of R&D as expected.  These drivers, along with our share repurchases led to EPS being up 15% up $0.43 to $3.26 as shown on slide five. Of this growth, volume, synergies and operations contributed $0.18; a lower share count contributed another $0.18 and pension tax and interest accounted for the remaining $0.07.  Free cash flow was $685 million, while working capital days stood at 57 due to receivables timing. And shareholder returns of over $1 billion were comprised of $850 million in share repurchases, and $207 million in dividends. Of note, our last 12 months of share repurchases have totaled over $3 billion at an average price of $195 per share, well below our current share price.  Now, turning to the quarterly segment results on slide six. Integrated Mission Systems revenue was up 12%, led by double digit growth in ISR aircraft missionization on a recently awarded NATO program. In addition to mid-single digit growth in maritime from a ramp on key platforms, including the Virginia Class submarine and Constellation Class frigate.  This more than offset the low single digit decline in our Electro Optical business that was due to the timing of WESCAM turret deliveries, which we expect to increase in the back half. Operating income was up 2%, while margins contracted 150 basis points to 15.3%, reflecting expected mixed impacts, including a ramp on growth platforms and programs. Funded book-to-bill was 0.81 in the quarter and 1.06 for the first half with strength across the segment.  In Space & Airborne, organic revenue increased 3.2% from our missile defense and other responsive programs, driving 10% growth in space, along with mid-single digit classified growth in Intel and cyber.  This strength outweighed the impact from modernization program transitions in our airborne businesses. We have 35 Tech Refresh 3 program within eight Mission Avionics and F-16 Viper Shield Advanced Electronic Warfare System.  Operating income was up 7.7% and margins expanded 90 basis points to 19.7% as operational excellence, including program performance, increased pension income and integration benefits more than offset higher R&D investments, and funded book-to-bill was over one for both the quarter and first half, driven by space.  Next, Communication Systems organic revenue was up 3.2% with mid-single digit growth in Tactical Communications, that included international up double digits, driven primarily by modernization demand from Asia Pacific and Europe, and an anticipated decline in DoD from last year's second quarter, 40% plus growth.  U.S. DoD modernization continued to benefit the integrated vision in global communication businesses leading to high single digit and double digit growth respectively. Conversely, broadband was down low single digits on lower volume for legacy unmanned platforms due to the transition from permissive to contested operating environments as expected. And public safety was down 7% from residual pandemic related impacts.  Operating income was up 8.3% and margins expanded 170 basis points to 25.5% from higher volume, operational excellence, and integration benefits, and funded book-to-bill in the quarter and first half grew by 1.3 and 1.1 respectively.  Finally, in Aviation Systems, organic revenue increased 4.7%, driven primarily by our commercial aerospace business that was up 20% from recovering training and air transport OEM product sales. We also saw a mid-single digit growth in defense aviation from a ramp on fusing inordinance programs and in mission networks from higher FAA volume.  Operating income was up 17% and margins expanded 200 basis points to 14.5% from operational excellence, integration benefits and higher volume. Funded book-to-bill was about 0.9 for the quarter and first half.  Okay, shifting over to our 2021 outlook. Overall, organic revenue growth is unchanged at 3% to 5% with our top line trending as expected at 4% for the first half and supported by a 1.05 funded book-to-bill year-to-date. Our U.S. Government businesses are expected to accelerate in the back half driven by Space, Tactical Communications, Integrated Vision Solutions and Classified Growth within Intel and Cyber and Defense Aviation.  On the international side we continue to expect mid-single digit plus growth for the year, as a strong first half, led by aircraft ISR and international Tactical Radios moderates. And lastly, the encouraging results in our commercial businesses in the second quarter build confidence in a flattish outlook for the year with double digit growth in the back half.  Consistent with our overall guide at the consolidated level, we also maintained our segment sales guide as well. And as we think about the second half of the year, our key watch items will be the timing of awards, the continued performance of our supply chain, and the pace of the commercial recovery.  Turning to margins, we have raised our outlook to approximately 18.5%, a 25 basis point increase to the top end of the previous range due to our strong performance to-date and confidence in our ability to execute on cost synergies, e3 and program deliverables. We do continue to expect margins to have moved lower in the back half due to higher R&D investment and stronger growth on new, earlier stage programs.  From a segment perspective, we are holding to our prior margin guidance ranges across the board, but we're expecting IMS and SAS to be at the upper end of their ranges given their strong performance to-date and are holding AS and CS steady at their midpoints given divestiture dilution at AS and expected mix pressure at CS.  On EPS, we're raising our full year guide to a range of $12.80 to $13, with the midpoint now toward the upper end of our previous range and reflecting 11% growth from 2020, delivering on our double digit commitment in spite of dilution from divestitures.  As shown on slide 11, the increase of $0.05 from the prior midpoint is driven by $0.13 improvement in operations and synergies and 0.19% from a lower share count at 203 million shares, along with a lower tax rate of about 16%, all of which more than offset divested earnings of $0.31. On a standalone basis we expect about $0.15 of net dilution from divestitures.  Moving to free cash flow, our guide of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion is intact, despite divestiture related headwinds of roughly $80 million and continues to reflect the three day working capital improvement from year-end to around 49 to 50 days, that’s now adjusted for divestitures. CapEx is expected to be about $365 million, $10 million lower versus the prior guide due to completed divestitures.  Our guidance also now reflects approximately $3.4 billion in share repurchases, an increase of $1.1 billion from our prior guide to account for net proceeds from recently closed divestitures. All told, we expect to return about $4.2 billion to shareholders this year. So let me sum it all up. We delivered strong performance in the quarter and first half, solid revenue and book-to-bill growth. Further expansion of industry leading margins and consistent cash generation and deployment, all enabling another guide raise as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities and drive double digit annual growth in earnings and free cash flow per share.  With that Rob, let's open up the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question. 
Doug Harned: Good morning. Thank you.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Doug. 
Doug Harned: I wanted to understand a little more about the outlook for Communication Systems. I mean you already had strong growing positions on Radio Monetization and Night Vision, and then you got some big awards in Q2 and those should add to growth and I would expect this should be high margin as well. And so, when you look at the longer term growth here, look at the revenue trajectory over the next three to five years, how do you see that now? And is there potential to take margins up above their current 25% levels here? 
Chris Kubasik: Yes Doug, this is Chris. Thanks for the question, and yes, you absolutely got it right. We've been quite successful in the Communication Segment of late with some of those wins not only here domestically but internationally as well. So I think what we're seeing is some upward pressure for revenue growth and margins over the longer term, like we've talked about before. We had a great quarter when you looked at the book-to-bill, and the continuation for modernization of the land force is, whether it's the radios, the night vision goggles, SATCOM we're really in a good, position. So maybe I'll throw it over to Jay to give you a little more color. 
Jay Malave : Sure. Just a – maybe just another quick comment on revenue growth over the medium term, Doug. If you recall and if you look at the future, it's somewhat similar to what we have this year. If you look at our segments, we had SAS at four to six, IMS at four to six and now it’s followed by CS and AS. If you look to the future, we would expect those two segments to continue to be leaders in growth. I will say as Chris mentioned, if this gives us more confidence in the CS outlook, we probably expect those two to drive a little higher growth than CS in the medium term.  On the margin profile, see, this year we are taking – from the first half we are going back a little bit and that's really a reflection of the mix on the new programs. We have the army, the HMS Monetization programs, we also have in our broadband communication, the Next Gen Jammer Program, so that’s some pretty sizable programs that are actually margin dilutive. The good thing about that is the CMS track record being able to take cost out, drive the margins better over time.  So if you look at the first half that shows you what the potential of the segment could be, and so when we end the year this year we'll be in that say 24% -- right now we're saying 24.5% at the midpoint. We delivered over 25% in the first half of the year, that gives you kind of a view of what the medium term could look like over time. 
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in there. Yesterday we signed a contract with the Mid-East country for the first phase of a multi-year Next Gen STR standardization program, and this has the potential for up to $1 billion over the next several years, so a lot of good positive momentum. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please with your question. 
Kristine Liwag: Hey! Good morning, guys. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
Kristine Liwag: Chris, in Space, can you provide more color on the competitive landscape, the available programs for bid and how you're performing? 
Chris Kubasik: Oh absolutely! Now we've had a good run in space and as I mentioned, you know we had a good quarter book-to-bill in space was 1.2 so far this year and we've been successful in winning 10 of 18 prime positions just in the last 18 months. So that's something that we're quite proud of and we've also moved into the missile defense arena.  So, maybe a little longer answer. The approach we're taking in space is similar to what we've done in all five domains, and it's really understanding the customers’ mission. We have 47,000 employees and 20,000 engineers and 20,000 employees with clearances.  So we are looking at our capabilities, we're looking at how we are spending our IRAD and we are trying to develop solutions and alternatives that meet their needs. We've talked a lot in the past as you know about our responsive SATs, where we were able to develop and launch satellites within twenty months. So that's helping us win a lot of these prime positions. We understand the mission, we have innovative solutions. The focus is on the payload and the integration and speed. So strategically, I think that has been a needle mover. When I look at the exquisite satellites, you know we continue to have some of the best payloads out there, so we're working with partners, usually the larger prime and that's contributed to some success and we have some awards coming up in the next few months that are classified. And then we're working collaboratively with some of these new entrants, just like we do with the traditional primes and find where we can partner, where we can compete, and it seems to be working. So very proud of that team and the outlook is quite positive in space and the budget is clearly supporting this growth as well. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
David Strauss: Hi! Thanks, good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
David Strauss: Chris, I just wanted to ask about the margin side. You're hinting at the idea for further margin upside from here. Can you just talk about the different drivers you see? How much of the margin upside that you see from here is dependent on volume versus kind of what's under your own control from an e3 perspective? And then also what you're assuming for pension when you say higher margins from there guidance? 
Chris Kubasik: Well, thanks David. I mean a small part of the margin improvement does come from volume and you know we've talked about organic growth trajectory, so that's a contributor. But the big driver is ultimately e3, and we talked about the synergies which are a year ahead of schedule and we're committed to a $350 million run rate.  A lot of this takes more than just the two or three years that we've talked about, and each and every function is developed and executing a transformation plan. It takes investments sometimes in systems and processes, but we believe there's continual upside. We've proven it, we're focused on this, something Jay and I review on a regular basis.  So we see no reason why the e3 program can't continue. I'll let Jay jump in on the pension assumptions, but again, the execution has been what's helpful and driving the margins. We're able to control our EACs and the commitments that we sign up to with our customers.  So Jay, a little more color. 
Jay Malave: Yes, sure. Just to confirm right on the margins, the absorption is a little benefit. That's typically factored in when we talk about the mix headwinds and that’s usually coming in these new programs with thinner margins.  As Chris mentioned, e3 is the key driver. It’s going to drive us and talked about 20 to 25 basis points per year over the medium term of being able to continue to drive expansion and we feel pretty confident in that.  The pension, if you think about this year, all-in between FAS and CAS is benefited of about $470 million on an absolute basis. We expect that next year the CAS element to decline a little bit as a result to the ARPU legislation, it was an enacted earlier in the year. As that pushed out funding requirements for pension our recovery for CAS will come down a little bit, but that should be offset by some FAS income. So net-net I would expect the year-over-year pension to be pretty much flat. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
Robert Stallard: Chris, this is probably one for you. You mentioned that the disposal process is now pretty much done. I was wondering how the prices on the assets that you sold have compared versus your expectations, and do we now see maybe a shift in strategy and perhaps start to look again at acquisitions? Thank you. 
Chris Kubasik: Well, thank you for the question. Now we've had numerous transactions that comprise the $2.7 billion. You know I went back and looked at our original estimates and we've generally answered your question and have been able to meet or in some cases slightly exceed what we had projected. You know we talked way back about maybe about $2.8 billion of gross proceeds from all these divestitures where 2.7 and as I mentioned a couple of small ones. So we'll clearly get within the range of our expectations.  You know on the M&A front, we did come out of the box two years ago and said we really were going to stand down on M&A and focus on the integration and the divestitures, and as I've highlighted that's gone very well or maybe even better than expected. But even during that two year period we watched the market. I'm highly confident we didn't miss anything in the two year period. So we'll continue to survey the market where we're looking at anything that is “a must have” as we call it.  You know when I look at the portfolio, as we said over the two years, we're in all five domains. I don't really see any glaring needs or gaps. So we'll either proactively approach companies or respond to inbound calls, but we're really going to continue to hold the discipline, look at things strategically, look at them operationally, make sure the financial hurdles make sense. So not really in a rush and very pleased with what we've been able to win organically. So, hopefully that that gives you some insight Robert and we'll let you know as things progress. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Myles Walton: Hey, good morning. I was wondering if you could comment a bit on the second half implied to sit down in SAS margins. I think you talked in the past about R&D and mix, maybe just quantify those. And also Chris or Jay, could you just update us on Next Generation Jammer? I know the second protest has been you know – or is being adjudicated I guess by GAO and I guess that's due for a decision here in the next couple of weeks. Would that have a swing factor on this year's top line or guidance in anyway? 
Chris Kubasik: Yes, I'll take the Next Gen Jammer one first of then ask Jay to chime in on SAS. No, you're right. It's going to be mid-August when we hear the results. We're very supportive and confident and in the process that the U.S. Navy ran and we're assuming that we began work in August and that's built within the model and the guidance. So no additional upside from that, but a huge win and we're looking forward to getting started and delivering those capabilities. 
Jay Malave: And on the SAS margins Myles, you know this make about – the first half, about 19.5% in that ballpark. The back half of the year does step down to 18%, maybe 18% plus in the guidance range at the high end of 18.75%.  The key driver is really mixed on the new programs, particularly in Space. We've got to step up on these missile defense programs. There's a number of other classified programs that we've already won and that you know we anticipate winning here in the back half of the year, which will continue to put some pressure on the margins in the back half. But again, those are things that we had contemplated coming into the year when we set the guide originally and we're pretty impressed by the fact we're able to go to the high end of the guide now based on these same new programs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question. 
Richard Safran: Hey, good morning everybody. How are you? 
A - Chris Kubasik: Good morning. Fine! How are you doing? 
Richard Safran: Great! You know the international market for defense is always dynamic and I thought I'd follow-up on some of your opening remarks here. Could you give us an update in the overall international outlook, the opportunity set where you're seeing demand coming from and for what types of systems, you know, etc.  Can you answer, Chris, you have this reputation with being able to drive and improve relationships with government customers, and I was just wondering in your answer, if you could discuss where you see the opportunities for L3Harris.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Well, there's a lot of questions there. I'll go backwards. Yeah, I mean I try to encourage my team that we got to spend time with our customers and listen to their challenges and such. So, actually this evening I'll be headed to DC and have three days of meetings in the Pentagon with a whole variety of customers from OSD and the single services and obviously bring in the key P&L leaders with me. So we like to listen to our customers and see how we can help them and work collaboratively with them on the budget process and such, so. I think everybody does it, but that's something I'm focused on.  International, you know we came out of the shoot and said, this was one of the areas we thought we could do better and I think we said we were underperforming as a combined company, and we were probably right around 19% of our revenue, maybe 20% on a pro form basis back in 29 – or 2019. So far this year we're at about 22% of our revenue coming from international. So we're seeing a little positive movement. As you it’s a little lumpy.  You know as I mentioned, you know maybe somewhat surprising, the budgets have really been stable across the globe consistent with the U.S. So I think that was a pleasant surprise given the threat environment and you think of U.K., Australia, Japan, Canada and so our approach and strategy that I've talked about is really two-fold. We have the ten focus countries where we have executives, either local country national or ex-pats there day-to-day, understanding the process, the threats and bringing in our P&L leaders, at least when the border is opened to try to close on deals.  So that seems to be working well and then more on the traditional product side, you know we use the distributors and the reps and we've been able to use previous relationships to expand the portfolio. You know I mentioned that IDIQ for FMS you know as an example. That now allows all the products of the new company to come through, not just the traditional radio. So, I think that's a positive.  You know a lot of what we do is focused on more defensive systems we're hearing from our international customers, because ultimately they want situational awareness and the ability to communicate in a contested environment. So you know I look at our portfolio and the things we're doing on ISR aircraft, whether it's something like a rivet joint to a business jet, and in some cases to a single prop aircraft.  We have a broad portfolio that allows them to get situational awareness. We've talked quite about – a bit about our resilient comps capability, our Waveforms library, which is second to none and you know relative to the regions it’s the usual place, the Mid East, the Far East and Asia Pacific and we're seeing growth opportunities in all those areas.  So that's probably a longer answer than you wanted, but we're optimistic and I think we're in a good position and executing on the strategy we laid out two years ago. 
Jay Malave: And just to quickly add to that Richard, you know our growth framework we had laid out a target of mid-single digit plus growth over the medium term for international, so we are comfortable with that. Obviously we're going to be doing that this year if not a little bit better. And as kind of what Chris said, some of these capabilities, the ISR aircraft missionization, if you recall back in our March investor briefing, we've talked about taking the exquisite Rivet Joint capability. Bringing that to business chat is also bringing it to pod capability based on customer affordability, and there’s a significant amount of demand around the world for that.  You look at Tactical Communications, we see a lot of these foreign countries following the same DoD modernization path and so we see opportunities there. And I'd say the other areas is maritime, both in manned and unmanned, you know request for support in the capabilities we would provide, both in say electrical distribution and power control, as well as things like autonomy. So we just continue to see a growing pipeline and we're pretty comfortable with that growth objective over the medium term. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question. 
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
Gautam Khanna: I wanted to ask just a follow-up to an earlier question on RF tactical and sort of the prospects for growth in ‘22 and beyond. Maybe if you could frame for us the international and domestic pipeline and then what did you expect kind of rates of growth to be beyond this year? And then I have a follow-up on IVAS. If you can talk about what your view of that program is as a potential threat or opportunity for the legacy addition? Thank you. 
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Let me do high level on the first question and Jay can give you some more color on Tac Com and then I'll come back and answer the IVAS question.  So specifically domestically we've talked about some upcoming awards that should be occurring here domestically, the HMS Manpack, HMS Leader, those are coming forward here, hopefully in the third quarter. You know in the fourth quarter the marines have a handheld competition that we're also looking forward to getting to results.  Then of course internationally we have a pretty good increase here later in the year and again, the focus there is going to be in Europe, the Mid East and Asia, the Asia Pacific region. Again, we've had good success in the Mid East that I just mentioned from yesterday, some Australian orders and really a pretty strong pipeline. But I’ll let Jay give you a little more color in numbers as it relates to Tac Com.
Jay Malave: Yeah Gautam, you know I think overall probably in both cases, both DoD and international you're looking at probably low to mid-single digit growth over the medium term. Part of the reason particularly in DoD is that while we have strong growth on the modernization programs, it does cannibalize a piece of our base business and so you have a little bit of a reduction there with growth, solid growth on the monetization programs, Army being the largest program, that's really in the early innings and we've got the start of full rate production here coming in the back half of this year. Internationally Chris mentioned that before, there’s just demand around the world for some significant upgrades as far as modernization, but again I would put the growth rate right now in that low to mid-single digit as new countries come on, other countries fall off and so you know obviously we’re going to drive that to more of a mid-single digit, but for now I think it's the best way to think about and look at it. 
Chris Kubasik: Going back to IVAS, you know I think when you look at our ENVG-B program and IVAS, I would say that you're kind of going head-to-head and maybe battling a little bit for budget money although both were funded and you know our focus is clearly to deliver, which our team has done a great job on schedule and meet all of our commitments. I think ultimately its going to be a question of how these get split. I think there's several hundred thousand devices needed and they have slightly different capabilities and mission sets. So I would think over time there's going to be a split between the two. You know we've been talking a little more publicly about some of the augmented reality capabilities within the ENVG-B, you know the real focus on the night vision capabilities. So different capabilities, different mission and you know I would think the two converge at some point and we'll see how the army wants to play that out. But right now we're just focused on delivering and making sure we meet our commitments. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hey! Good morning guys, thank you for the time. On IMS, maybe can you talk about some of that deceleration you're seeing, you're forecasting 5% growth for the year, and you got 9% robust growth in the first half and it implies flat for the second half, so what are some of the puts and takes?
A - Chris Kubasik: Yes Sheila, what's happening with IMS in the back half of the year is we had strong growth in the ISR business, which was mostly these international customers. That will moderate and abate a little bit here in the second half of the year, and so the growth rate is just going to normalize back to what we are expecting really for the full year, that's really the key driver, really strong international in the first half that moderates really in the second half for the business back to a normal rate. 
A - Jay Malave: Yeah, I think of all of our segment Sheila, this one you know is a little more lumpy based on the large significant procurements of aircraft or deliveries and so you kind of get these up and down quarters, but I'd much rather be coming out of the chute strong than having a fourth quarter hockey stick. So you know that's what happens in IMS, mainly in the ISR sector. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Spingarn: Hi! Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
Rob Spingarn: You know Chris, it's kind of funny how things change because now we're actually reading about commercial pilot shortages and I think Jay talked about recovering training sales, but I'm curious if you can quantify how big the increase was, either year-over-year or sequentially and what the latest overall recovery expectation is and whether or not this business is core or non-core. Thanks. 
A - Chris Kubasik: Right Rob, great questions. We did see some good recovery, double digit in the second quarter driven a little more by the products and the actual training. I think there's a slight lag there. You know we have a variety of training models from academies you know where the cadets actually come into our facilities for an 18, 12 to 18 month period. That's been a little challenged due to some of the border closures, so that's a little lagging. I think as the borders open up we'll see an uptick there, of course the delta viruses is coming through on a curved ball in everything compared to what we thought it would be, so the recovery is lagging a little bit. You know the simulators, as you said there's a pilot shortage. People either need to get the training refreshed or a lot of pilots may have retired and there's now going to be some new pilots that are going to need the simulator training. And then of course for the actual manufacturing you know we had a slow start to the year as you would expect, not a lot of people buying simulators, but so far in the third quarter, even though it's early August, we've already been awarded two simulators and we’ll be converting those to contracts here in the next 30 to 45 days.  So we are seeing an uptick and you know it's going to drive growth in the second half. We’re assuming – I’ll let Jay give the exact numbers, double digit growth in commercial aviation. So it is a good market, it’s got good technology and we're going to continue to run that business and evaluate and determine strategically what we want to do with it. But it's part of the company now and its contributing and we're excited about the uptick, so Jay?
Jay Malave: Yeah, you know we step up in the back half of the year to about 30% growth and in the commercial business from 20% here in the second quarter. This is consistent with what we had expected you know coming into the year. The trends that we've seen or have seen thus far really in the month of July support that and so we've got some pretty good demand and a lot of activity going on in terms of our simulator sales and we’re also seeing just increased leads as far as new cadet training in our academies and we're also seeing it in the simulator training.  You know as Chris mentioned, the one thing to keep an eye on it for us, just that’s more maybe company specific is that we do operate our simulator training in these regions that had been a little bit mixed as far as lockdowns opens up and back – locked back down and so – but that's the smallest piece of our business. Overall we're pretty confident with this 30% growth based on what we're saying. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey! Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I don't know if this is Chris or Jay, but is it impossible to quantify you know either kind of this year on the top line organic growth or even breaking down your bookings kind of year-to-date. How much of the growth is coming from new programs and I guess what I'm getting at is what kind of dilution on either new start programs are you trying to offset or deal with, and I guess Gautam kind of hit on it. You know are you seeing any more pricing pressure, competitive pressures from new start commercial players, you know like what we're seeing in the IVAS program. 
A - Chris Kubasik: Yeah Michael, thanks for that. It’s a great, great question. I mean as I said, 6%, 6.2% organic growth. You know when I look at – as we go through the planning process and build up our annual operating plan, you know we start the year and we usually have pretty good visibility into what's already in backlog, you know so a lot of – it's kind of in the 70% range as we look forward, so you know going back to December of 2020 when we put out our guidance for ’21 pretty good visibility, 70%. You know there's maybe 10-ish or so of follow-on.  So you know to answer your question, I guess you could say maybe 15%, maybe 20% at the most is revenue derived from new business to give you some idea. You know on the – it is driven by new programs or new contracts is kind of how I look at it. And as you suggest, some of those, especially with the DoD start out as cost plus contracts, you know then its migrated into a low rate production, a full rate production. So you know it's no secret that the cost plus margins tend to be lower than what we're currently realizing, so it's dilutive on that front and then even on the fixed price contracts. I think we’re generally pretty conservative in how we start poking those until we retire and mitigate the risk. So maybe that answers your question there. As far as competitive pricing pressures, you know nothing new or different than what we’ve had over the last decade or two in this industry. You know the selection criteria varies by program and I think our customers are very sophisticated and they look at the technical solutions, they look at past performance, they look at the management team, they look at cost, they look at schedule. So you know they are taking all those things into consideration.  Like I said earlier, to an earlier question, we try to find ways to work collaboratively with these new entrants, when and if they can add value and increase our probability of when. So, I don't know, Jay anything further? [Cross Talk] 
Jay Malave: Yeah, I mean it varies year-to-year. I'd say on the mix headwind, maybe at a gross level, you're talking anywhere around 25 basis points or so of headwind from year-to-year. And our challenge is really to offset that with about 50 basis points of productivity and so that we have a net 20 to 25 basis points improvement year-to-year. But again just, it will vary. I'd say that it’ll probably be just like an average to think about. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hey guys! It's Tyler [ph] on for Seth. Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning. 
Unidentified Analyst : Just, I have a couple quick ones here. Can you just speak through the remaining schedule and maybe the execution risk on TR3 and just touching on the F-35 growth trends ahead? 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, yeah let me give a quick F-35. You know we've talk about before we're a top 10 supplier, looking at it just the other day. We deliver about 1500 parts per jet. But the main focus has been TR3, where we have three components; I mentioned two of those three. We were successful in getting a production contract, which I think is indicative of the progress we've made.  You know where we are right now is going through the safety of flight on these three products. One has completed the test. One is just about to start later this week and the third starts in October, so it's all per schedule. We're committed and focused on making sure we're ready for the lot 15 cut in. That's a big focus of both Lockheed and the [inaudible] and I'd say over the last six months the teams have made a lot of good progress. We are communicating, we understand the schedule, we understand the risk. So you know I feel good about our piece of that great program in contributing to Lockheed and allowing them to deliver their jet.  So as usual, in any development program there's directed change, there's government dependencies and stuff that we're used to and accustomed to and manage and work around. So I'd say probably feel better about the program now that I did in April. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed with your question. 
George Shapiro: Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, George. 
George Shapiro: Jay if you could go through the working capital days you expect for the end of the year. The goal I thought has been 52 days. This quarter it looks like working capital actually was up like about $135 million on a sequential basis, so just looking at where you are going there. And then just to verify, the $400 million reduction in sales was all due to the divestiture? 
Chris Kubasik: That's exactly right. I'll take the second question first, George. The two businesses, the multiple businesses that we divested at the end of the quarter were about $800 million of combined sales, so half here about $400 million impact for the second half and that’s what's driving the reported sales to come down by that amount.  On the working capital it's also good observation. We reset again with the impact of these divestitures George, so at the end of the second quarter, on an adjusted basis we're 57 days and we're trying to get now to around 50-ish days. Part of this was planned, where we had some programs, deliverables in the first half of the year and those receivables will turn into billings and collections in the back half of the year.  We also had in the second quarter just high receivable balance with the timing of sales and so that will just normalize and we'll collect that cash here in the third quarter, and really for us the working capital reduction is the same as it's always been really for the year. It's really driving the inventory.  Two elements as I mentioned; one is just delivering on our key program milestones, so we can turn those into billings and into collations. And then second element is really delivering on our working capital initiatives and these are the things that we’ve been talking about as far as reduced cycle time, improving our forecasting process. So you know a big second half for us, and it’s actually the way we had planned it and we believe that we are on track for that. And I’d say that end of the year George is really kind of 49 to 50 days on this new adjusted basis, taking out these divestitures. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Carter Copeland: Right in and under the hour. Thanks guys. Good morning. 
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, Carter. 
Carter Copeland: Chris, I want to kind of end here with a higher level question on you know just strategy. When you came to L3 five years ago you know and think about where you've gotten now in terms of organic growth, inorganic growth and divestitures, the simultaneous integration, you're now at a point where you said you're done with the divestitures, you’re not in a hurry on M&A. When you look at the next five years and try to maintain that internally disruptive mindset you know what's going to drive the next leg of the value creation formulary? Is it about R&D and development and customers and products more so than the value creation elements we've seen over the last five years? How do you continue to have that kind of mindset and in creating value over the next five? 
Chris Kubasik: Alright, Carter. Well, you got a good memory, so thanks for that and clearly it was a great team effort to get to this point.  I've talked somewhat about where we're trying to position L3 Harris and since I listened to all the questions throughout the day, you know I'll try to explain the vision here. We have our traditional primes which some great companies with a lot of cash and employees and processes. There was a couple of questions about these new entrants which are maybe a little more commercial mindset, a little more agile, maybe a little more creative, and what we're trying to do is put L3 Harris right in the middle of those two and take the best of the both and position ourselves to listen to our customers and be a trusted disrupter. I don't want to underestimate the importance of understanding the mission. So we know the mission, we know the customers and can we take that with our industry leading R&D investment and position ourselves for growth.  You know Jab[ph] C2 is something that's out there, that we can talk about more in future calls, but we really want to position ourselves to help our customers solve their problems and focus on the organic growth, focus on the margin improvement, the double digit free cash flow per share metrics; I think they're all going to drive value. So I ultimately want to be the most valuable defense technology company in the mind of our shareholders, in the mind of our customers and that's not necessarily the largest and that's what the team is also executing on.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning Chris and Jay, nice results. Hey Chris, just thinking about your e3, I guess it’s you know becoming kind of ingrained in the culture now. Outside of kind of the operational excellence here you are driving, is there any kind of other buckets that still you see as the greatest opportunity to kind of show incremental savings? 
Chris Kubasik: Yes Peter, thanks for that question. We've actually taken e3 to be our operating model in the broadest sense. So a lot of times people think of it just on the continuous improvement initiative, but the approach we've taken on e3 is much, much broader. It encompasses EH&S, it encompasses the supply chain, ESG, continuous improvement, all those aspects, quality, roll throughput yield, everything that that drives our performance, including our performance on our programs where we look at our customer ratings, we look at award fee scores. We looked at our value management.  So when you look at all those things holistically, each and everyone contributes to our cash flow and our profitability. So as we can bring down lead times or cycle times, improve the quality, we look at cost of poor quality, get the yield higher. Each and every one of those is part of our e3 umbrella, and that's really what's driving the success we've had to-date and the optimism we have for the future. 
Chris Kubasik: So with that I think I'll just kind of wrap it up. I appreciate everybody taking time to call in today. Hopefully as you heard, we have a strong quarter and the performance and the operational momentum is all positive. Obviously, it wouldn't be possible without my great leadership team and the 47,000 employees, so thanks again to them.  We feel good about the opportunities ahead. We're going to continue to execute and look forward to talking to everybody in the months ahead as we focus on growing L3 Harris. Again, thanks for joining the call.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day!

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter Calendar Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. On the call with me today are Bill Brown, our CEO; Chris Kubasik, our COO; and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. With that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Well, thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today we reported strong first quarter results, building on last year's progress with solid execution across all financial metrics. Organic revenue was up approximately 2% with mid-single-digit growth in our core government businesses, partially offset by COVID-related impacts of about 3 points from our commercial businesses, consistent with our expectations. This should be the last quarter of tough compares due to the pandemic which our team has managed incredibly well and we anticipate more stability in the affected businesses ahead. Margins expanded a robust 140 basis points to 18.9% resulting in earnings per share of $3.18, up 14% and ahead of internal targets. Free cash flow of $630 million supported shareholder returns in excess of $900 million, including repurchases of $700 million from our recently authorized $6 billion program with the balance from dividends following our 20% increase in March. Before handing it over to Chris, with the transition occurring as planned on June 29, this quarter marks my 38th and final earnings call leading Harris and in L3Harris as CEO. It has been rewarding nearly 10 years with the hard work and dedication of our employees, Harris grew from a small niche defense company to a leading mission solutions defense prime post the acquisition of Exelis and the merger with L3 with revenue today of over $18 billion. I am especially proud of the people at L3Harris who work hard every single day to support our customers' critical missions and deliver value to shareholders. The performance culture and the work environment we've created is really special, and we recently were recognized for it by Fortune as a 100 best company to work for in 2021, and earlier this year as the world's most admired company. As you know, I'll continue as Exec Chair of the Board for another year working closely with Chris as he becomes CEO. Last week, the independent Directors of the Board unanimously endorsed the transition occurring as planned in the merger agreement indicating their confidence and mind in Chris's ability to lead this company going forward. The results today speak to the momentum we have in the company and the strong foundation we've built for the future, and I am excited and optimistic about what L3Harris can accomplish in its next phase under Chris's leadership. So with that, Chris let me turn it over to you.
Chris Kubasik: Okay, well thank you Bill, and I appreciate your and the Board's vote of confidence and look forward to our continued partnership in your new role. As you've heard at our investor briefing last month, we're excited about the potential for the company and the value creation opportunities in front of us. The strategic priorities we develop together as shown on Slide 3, are the foundations, on which will deliver sustainable topline growth, steady margin expansion and robust free cash flow with industry-leading capital returns, all areas where we showed great progress in the first quarter. In terms of the top line, our Q1 results coupled with the Biden administration's announcement that the defense budget will continue to grow in FY '22 about 1.5 points versus FY '21 reinforces our optimism for growth. We are encouraged by the continued focus on national security and support for our military within the budget and believe L3Harris is well aligned with priorities that emphasize the return to peer competition and operations in increasingly contested environments. This backdrop provides us opportunities to offer our advanced and affordable solutions across all domains. We are watching closely for more details in the coming months and expect to consistently grow through our strong DoD portfolio, revenue synergies, and international expansion which stem from our R&D investments. In the first quarter, we gained traction as we grew 4.8% in our core government businesses with international up double-digits driven by solid growth in aircraft ISR and tactical radios. Turning to revenue synergies, we received 8 new awards maintaining our healthy win rate of about 70% with total awards to date of approximately $400 million. We anticipate sustaining our momentum given notable prime level awards across all domains that represent multibillion-dollar opportunities. On the Space side, in addition to our recently highlighted HBTSS Responsive Satellite Award with the Missile Defense Agency, our five decades of experience building space-based imaging systems has led to our down select for the initial concept and design of next generation weather imagers. This award supports NOAAs future satellite system recapitalization. The administration's focus on climate initiatives supported by nearly 30% FY '22 budget increase for NOAA, reinforces the opportunity set for L3Harris as we are a leader in weather payload and ground systems, creating an opportunity of $3 billion over the next decade. On the air side, we have strong orders on both new platforms, such as the F-35 and legacy platforms, including the F-18 and F-16. In particular, we leveraged our experience with providing F-16 systems and our expertise in software defined open systems architecture to secure a contract to develop the next-generation electronic warfare suite on international aircraft. We can further expand our global footprint with opportunities in more than a dozen countries, in the Middle East, Asia, and Europe. This adds to our recent success with the US Navy's next-generation jammer low band award for the EA-18G Growler. We're quickly establishing ourselves as a global leader in electronic warfare and aircraft survivability. We also closed on the ISR aircraft contract with the NATO customer to missionize a series of G550s that was still pending parliamentary approval last quarter, and we continue to work on similar opportunities for other customers, which when combined with the NATO award demonstrates our ability to expand our international footprint and represents over 3 billion of potential value over the next several years. Moving over to the land side, we continue to make progress supporting modernization efforts on both the domestic and international fronts, including a follow-on production order under SOCOM's $255 million multichannel Manpack IDIQ contract. We also received orders for our advanced radio and night vision products from Western Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia, further strengthening our international leadership. And finally, in the sea and cyber domains, our maritime team was successful in winning two new prime level programs to provide imaging systems on submarines for international customers. These strategic wins highlight our ability to expand our global maritime solutions to new customers with additional follow-on opportunities to come. And while limited in what we can say, due to its classified nature, our billion dollar Intel & Cyber business received a follow-on order to provide end-to-end mission solutions within its ground-based adjacency franchise as we continue to deliver against our customers' most challenging cyber requirements. These wins provide long-term visibility and support for our funded book-to-bill of 1.10 in the quarter. Our total backlog remains above $21 billion, up 6% year-over-year when adjusted for divestitures. In addition, with considerable recent biding proposal activity we're aggressively going after a three-year $125 billion pipeline to deliver sustainable topline growth. Shifting over to margins, this quarter we saw the healthiest results since the merger at nearly 19%, which puts us in a strong position to meet the upper end of our full year guidance. Cost synergies of $33 million, primarily attributable to supply-chain and facilities consolidation, put us well on track to deliver up to $350 million of cumulative net benefits in 2021, a year ahead of schedule. Our e3 program also gained traction through a strong program performance, factory productivity and supply chain savings. And we continue to believe that there is considerable potential beyond this year to enable another phase of cost opportunities to sustain margin expansion for L3Harris. Lastly, we’re maximizing cash flow through continued working capital and CapEx discipline, driving shareholder friendly capital deployment. And while we’re holding off on updating our $2.3 billion share repurchase target for the year, based on our announced and potential divestitures, we still see considerable up-side to the plan. As an update on portfolio shaping, we’ve recently cleared the U.S. antitrust waiting period on both the previously announced Military Training and Combat Propulsion Systems divestiture and are on track to closing the second half of the year. We’re progressing on other portfolio shaping opportunities and we’ll provide more details over the coming months. And to reiterate, inclusive of divestitures, we remain on track to deliver on our $3 billion free cash flow commitment in 2022 along with double-digit cash growth on a per share basis excluding potential tax policy impacts. So, we’re pleased with the execution against our strategic priorities and progress we’ve made at the start of the year, which gives us confidence to raise the bottom end of our EPS guidance. So, with that, I will hand it over to Jay.
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. First, let me begin with a brief recap of the quarter before I get into segment results. Organic revenue was up about 2% as growth in IMS, SAS and CS was partially offset by the expected decline in AS due to the pandemic. Overall, our core government businesses were up 4.8% reduced by about 3 points of COVID related impacts in our commercial businesses. Margins expanded 140 basis points to 18.9% with expansion in all four segments, primarily from operational excellence, integration benefits and cost management. We did better than expected in the quarter from stronger e3 and cost synergies of roughly 70 basis points as well as some timing benefits from lower R&D and program mix of approximately 50 basis points. This, along with share repurchase activity led to earnings per share growth of 14% or $0.38 to $3.18 as shown on Slide 6. Of this growth, synergies and operations contributed $0.34, along with a lower share count, pension and interest totaling $0.23 which offset divested earnings and headwinds, prevent the pandemic impact to end markets. Free cash flow of $630 million was the result of solid net income drop through as well as CapEx and working capital discipline with days roughly steady at 55. And shareholder returns of $909 million were comprised of $700 million in share repurchases and $209 million of dividends. Now let’s turn to Slide 7 and discuss quarterly segment results. Integrated Mission Systems revenue was up 5.9% with growth in all three businesses. Double-digit growth in maritime from our ramp unmanned platforms, including the Columbia Class submarine and Constellation Class frigate, was complemented by growth in ISR from the NATO award carryover from last year and in electro-optical from deliveries of our WESCAM airborne turrets to the U.S. Army. Operating income was up 19% and margins expanded 180 basis points to 16.5% from cost management, integration benefits and operational excellence. Funded book-to-bill was impressive at over a 1.3 in the quarter. In Space & Airborne Systems organic revenue increased 4.1% from responsive programs including SDA tracking and HBTSS, driving high single digit growth in Space, as well as growth from the F-35 platform in Mission Avionics and double-digit classified growth in Intel & Cyber. This strength is partially offset by program timing in electronic warfare. Operating income was up 8.6% and margins expanded 90 basis points to 19.4% from cost management, including R&D timing, operational excellence, and higher pension income. Funded book-to-bill was a solid 1.15 for the quarter from strong bookings in our Space and Electronic warfare businesses. Next, Communication Systems organic revenue was up 2.9% with high single digit growth in tactical communications, primarily from the continued ramp in U.S. DoD modernization. It also drove integrated Vision Solutions and Global Communication Solutions up double digits. Conversely, volume was lower on legacy unmanned platforms within broadband due to the transition from permissive to contested operating environments and within public safety due to anticipated COVID related impacts that are now showing signs of stabilization. Operating income was up 12% and margins expanded 240 basis points to 25.3% from operational excellence, cost and management and integration benefits. Funded book-to-bill was 0.92 for the quarter. Finally, in Aviation Systems organic revenue decreased 8.3%, primarily driven by COVID related impacts in our commercial aviation business, consistent with expectations and from program timing in military training. High single digit growth in Mission Networks from higher FA volume [ph] paired with fusing and ordinance [ph] growth in defense aviation hope to offset these effects. As we move past the first quarter, we’re anticipating a return to growth in this segment as we lap COVID effects while our combined government businesses continue to grow. Operating income was down 13%, primarily from the sale of our airport security and automation businesses. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 15.7% as operational excellence, cost management, including R&D timing, and integration benefits more than offset COVID related headwinds. Funded book-to-bill was 0.84 for the quarter. Okay, let’s shift over to 2021 guidance. We’re off to a strong start with our first quarter results and performance and we’re confident in our integration and operating expectations, as well as our topline growth of 3% to 5%, supported by a solid 1.10 book-to-bill this quarter. This puts us in a position to raise the bottom end of our full-year EPS guidance by $0.10 inclusive of announced divestiture impacts. We will provide a more comprehensive update later in the year. In the interim, I’ll provide some color now on the moving pieces, specifically on margins, portfolio shaping, and capital returns. On margins, the strong start will likely push us toward the upper end of our range of 18% to 18.5%. We do expect margins to normalize for the balance of the year due to increases in R&D and stronger growth in new programs with lower initial margins. Overall, the expected upside for the year from our prior midpoint is due to strong program execution and cost performance. It will be a key factor in our 2021 earnings strength. Our portfolio shaping, we now expect about $0.10 of dilution from announced divestitures, net of buybacks from proceeds. And there are a few remaining businesses that are in various stages of the divesture process which could have a modest incremental EPS impact for the year. Lastly, as highlighted at our Investor briefing, we have another significant year planned for capital returns. Embedded in our guidance is $2.3 billion of share repurchases from cash generation, which will be further augmented by over $1 billion dollars in net divestiture proceeds. So, overall, for 2021 we’re confident in delivering on our commitment of double-digit annual growth in earnings and free cash flow per share. With that Rob, let’s open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you and our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning. Congratulations Bill on building the company you have and Chris of course we look forward to what you have in store for us. I guess, I wanted to focus on two businesses that are doing pretty well are accelerating, so on the international front I think it was up double-digits in the quarter, how are you thinking about the main drivers there going forward? And then maybe more on the domestic side of things, if you could focus in on the Space portion of SAS, you called out growth in programs in Space, but wanted to quantify overall Space and just how do you think about growth drivers there going forward just given wins with STA or HBTSS? Lots in there, sorry.
Chris Kubasik: Okay Sheila, thank you very much. Let me start with International. You're right we did have a good quarter with double-digit growth. We had book-to-bill of 1.3. As I mentioned, the aircraft ISR, the Tactical Radios and Maritime were the key drivers. Looking at our pipeline, we have about $35 billion of opportunities over the next three years, so really impressed with the team's work as we position ourselves for future growth. You know it all started with the strategy that we laid out, it's really a two-part strategy, one focusing on the mission systems and the larger programs such as the ISR platforms we have talked about working in tandem with our sales force, which is out there with the products. So, when you look at the Radios, the Night Vision Goggles, the WESCAM, EO/IR turrets, it's a nice complement. So, I think the diversity of our portfolio and the geography with customers in over a 100 countries really positions us well for continued growth. Shifting to the Space question, the Space business is part of SAS. You know I kind of look at it in four buckets. On the low end we have some products, some telemetry and antennas. We do some groundwork, which I think is important to better understand the mission and to support some of these classified constellations. They tend to be mid-single-digit growth, but it's all about the SATs. Historically, we've been on the exquisite satellites as a supplier or a subcontractor. GPS III and classifieds SATs come to mind, but the responsive satellites is really where we've moved the needle last year or so and we're optimistic in the future. So, that's the fastest growing part of the portfolio, double-digits growth for the year. We've talked about the ZEUS program. We talked about SDA Tracking, HBTSS and a fair amount of classified bids that we are working on today. So, hope that gives you a little bit of granularity and insight as to how we are growing Space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. And best of luck for the future, but it's been quite a ride.
Chris Kubasik: Thank you, Rob.
Robert Stallard: But my question is quite simple this morning. The Communications margin was very strong in the quarter. I don't think it's a record margin, but certainly feels like it. I was wondering if there was anything unusual that pushed it this high in the first quarter and basically what's going to bring it down into the guidance range for the rest of the year?
Chris Kubasik: Sure Rob. There's nothing unusual that was in the results, but a little bit of R&D timing and so we'll see a little bit of pressure there. But the more significant kind of factor that will normalize the margins towards the balance of the year, will really be related to the newer programs. As you know we've got Army HMS programs in the back half of the year. We also have programs like the Next Gen Jammer in the Broadband business and so those will likely put some pressure on the back half of the year on the margins. I'll just, you know, the broader comment I would say is, it's a great start, maybe this is an indication of how to look, think about things perhaps in the future, but we will see a little bit of a normalization here in the subsequent three quarters.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Bill, Chris, Jay and Rajeev, good morning. Bill, for what it's worth, I thought you did an absolutely terrific job. So, I wanted to ask about the large pipeline you've been talking about. You've had a very high win rate. I read about new starts like the one with Warren Mattel [ph] and then systems like NOMARS and was wondering how this really large expansion and transformation is going to reshape the company? And thinking longer term, I mean, do you need to increase overhead and your footprint to support new customers? Does CapEx increase to support manufacturing of new platforms? Does the focus of your R&D spend need to shift a bit? And I'm looking at this from a return on invested capital standpoint, trying to find out if the company is sized to support all these new efforts or maybe this is a situation where you're actually doing more with less, expanding operations only with current assets?
Chris Kubasik: Okay, thank you for that question, a great, great question and it ties into the strategy that we've talked about. You mentioned NOMARS, which is an interesting opportunity, that's the No Manning Required Ship, a recent DARPA win, which I think is pretty interesting relative to what the Navy is trying to accomplish. Because as you know historically, we've taken manned ships and tried to convert them into unmanned, and this is an early stage design program, where we would be, we are one of three winners if you will. And it's really starting with a clean sheet of paper. How would you design a ship knowing it was going to be unmanned from the beginning? So, on that one it'll be interesting to see how that progresses. The follow-on will be 2022, which will probably be a prototype. And in that case we team with -- we have a variety of teammates and we would probably team with shipbuilders, so we are not going to be investing in a shipyard in that case. I think generally we are pleased with the footprints and the size of our facilities. We talked about space and some of the growth and we took some existing facilities and modified them and re-laid out the footprint to optimize the flow with new tooling and such. So, we spend a $1 billion a year between CapEx and IRAD. CapEx is about 2% of our revenue. I think that will drift down over time. IRAD is industry leading and it is almost 4%. So, the $1 billion I think positions us well. I do not see any increase in overhead or significant CapEx to meet our strategy. And again most of what we're working on are the systems versus the actual platforms, so does not take up as much factory space, if you will.
Jay Malave: And Richard, when you think about CapEx for the moment, we -- over this next this year as well as the next few years, we have investments in our IT systems as we're consolidating our platforms. We also have investments as we're moving facilities and consolidating facilities. So, as those trail off that will create capacity to invest in new programs over the next few years. So we don't really see significant new requirements from where we are at the levels today in CapEx.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning guys. And Bill, echo all the congratulations on the last several years, it's been an amazing ride.
Bill Brown: Hey thanks.
Carter Copeland: Just a quick one and then one you might expand on a little bit Chris. Do you guys have any ISR exposure to speak of in Afghanistan that makes for a headwind with the planned withdrawal, just want to cover that base? And then Chris, I wondered if you might expand a little bit on how you think about the capture rates that are embedded kind of in that 3-year pipeline to accomplish your growth goals? I mean, I look at some of the programs you've won and things like HBTSS and Next Gen Jammer Low Band, which may not have been as traditional thought of as things you might go out and win. And it seems like those capture rates have been increasing, but I don't know if you track that or if you can speak to that? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks Carter. No we do not -- the first question we do not have exposure in ISR in Afghanistan. Total exposure there is in the $10 million range of revenue and a fair amount of that is just ground systems, so not significant. Great question on the pipeline and the capture rates, and I think you're right, I think we've surprised people with some of the wins that we've had, but it really aligns with what we're hearing from our customers and they're change in acquisition process. They really are looking for disruptive and innovative and agile and affordable solutions and that's what we've been providing. We do track our win rates at the company level and you don't necessarily, if they're too high, it suggests that we haven't opened the aperture and been as aggressive as we would like. So, we track those on a segment and an overall basis and 125 billion over three years, if we were successful in at least 50% that easily tracks to a mid-single digit growth targets, and then on top of that we have the revenue synergies that we've talked about. So, we're comfortable with what we've done. We have professionalized the business development function I believe, and we're starting to see the results from that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ronald Epstein: Yes, good morning, guys, thanks. How are you thinking about opportunities in commercial space, I mean the space environment has been, business environment anyway, looks like we're going through a period of change. Are there opportunities for all L3Harris there and how are you thinking about that?
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks Ron. I think there's been some opportunities in commercial space where some of our payloads, I think we could provide to the primes. As far as us investing in our own constellations or expanding capital is not currently in our strategic plan. Of course, you know we have exposure or capabilities that support the launch vehicles which launch both military and commercial satellites, so we have some opportunities there as well. But as far as being a prime in the commercial space market at this time does not align with our strategic plan.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much. Good morning and yes, congratulations to Bill and Chris. I just wanted to ask if you could provide some of the disclosure that's typically due around the Tactical Radios in terms of the domestic and international sales and the backlog? And then maybe you mentioned some mix shift there as HMS ramps up. At this point, roughly what portion of the DoD in very rough terms Tactical sales come from Army HMS and kind of how do you expect that to evolve over the next year or two?.
Chris Kubasik: Okay Seth, let me first start with some of the accomplishments we've had in Tactical Radios and then I'll hand over the ball to Jay to give you the specific numbers. I mean, we are off to a very good start in 2021 as you saw in the press release. You know on the DoD side, couple of highlights here. The Army HMS Manpack recently completed the IoT in the last year was in the process of going through the DOT&E, Test and Evaluation recently. And the good news is, we just received an RFP for the full rate production. So I think that's a great sign that the modernization is moving forward. In a month or so, the Army should be issuing its HMS Leader Radio RFP, again for full rate production. So, I think that again is an additional positive sign. The Marines recently released an RFP for their Hand Held Radio and the SOCOM business has been growing. We've been meeting milestones. And in my prepared comments I've mentioned an order there for the Multichannel Manpack. So, just gives you some flavors to how the business is doing on the DoD side. Internationally, we have good visibility in Saudi. Last year we booked $174 million order for the Ministry and National Guard, so we'll have that revenue run out through this year and we're working closely with the land forces on the Software Defined [ph] Radio for about 5000 initially, so that's going through the Saudi process. Europe and UK we had good growth. UK the MORPHEUS program is going to replace the BOWMAN radio. So, we are hoping to hear something later this year. So, again I feel pretty confident in what we've done. And Australia, last year we talked about the Delphic Crypto Standard upgrade and new radios for Australia. There's follow-on opportunities there. And of course New Zealand is also a customer that we are working closely with. So, kind of operationally or business development wise I wanted to give you some insight to what's going on and Jay will provide you the numbers you requested.
Jay Malave: Sure, Seth. So, I will give you the numbers in the format we've historically provided. Orders were $424 million, sales 474, of the sales DoD was 297, International was 177, and our funded backlog was 958. Related to your question on Army modernization about third of the DoD is Army modernization and you know that will continue to grow particularly as we are going to full rate production on the Army HMS modernization in the back half of this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: Thanks, good morning. And good luck Bill in your transition and go Chris and yours. In terms of the F-35 Chris, what better way to bring back old memories and an F-35 question. The hearing was last week. It was brought up Tier 3 and L3Harris potentially being one of the sources of some delays there, could you comment on the progress you're making and the recovery plan there as always seems subcontractor relationship?
Chris Kubasik: Absolutely Myles. I'll give you some background, maybe it's going to be longer answer than you'd like, but I think it's important to kind of calibrate everything, and then I'll ask Jay to maybe give you some of the financial implications. But you're right, I've personally been involved around F-35 for twenty some years as well as many of our senior execs. So, I think that that's an important point and we all absolutely are committed to this platform, which I think is one of the best aircraft in the world. So, L3Harris and legacy companies, we've been a supplier for over twenty years. We have a really good track record. A few months ago we delivered our 2 millionth part and we're like 99.9% on time delivery. So, a lot of the work historically has been with TR2, the Tech Refresh 2, weapons release displays, but your questions specific to TR3, Tech Refresh 3, which is a very complicated developmental program to meet some of the new challenges that our nation faces. So, you're right, we've realized some of the risks, two main drivers, we've realized risk that we had identified and thought could occur when we bid the program. And secondly, as it was referenced in the testimony, there have been numerous government directed changes. So, those are unfortunate, but not unexpected when you're in a developmental program. We are working on three main products, the AMS, the Advanced Memory System, the PCD, which is the Panoramic Cockpit Display and the ICP, which is the Integrated Core Processor. So, we've been stable for the last six months relative to our cost estimates and our schedule. The AMS and PCD hardware are starting qualification and ICP is just behind that. So, when you look at how important the TR3 is, it's a step change in capability. It's half the cost of the TR2 once it gets into production and it's been designed for easier affordability and sustainment. So, we're just about ready to kick off the production phase. I will say that our past financials and our current guidance reflect our performance. We don't anticipate any changes there. And then strategically, these capabilities that we're developing are going to put us in a position to leverage this technology on other products, platforms and future programs. So, we're excited about that, but maybe Jay can comment more specifically on the revenue and the margin implications.
Jay Malave: Yes, just going forward maybe over the next few years, our ship set content today is a little bit over $2.5 million around 2.6, with the TR3 production with Lot 15, that will go to around $3 million per ship set. So, as and that again starting Lot 15, as the aircraft volumes start to flatten out we will see growth just through higher content. It's important to keep in mind that as this modernization program there probably will be other modernization programs that will be involved in and of course it will also be part of sustainment program. And so, we see this as continuing to drive growth. I think we'll update it as each year progresses. This year as Chris mentioned is a little bit softer from a growth perspective but we expect that to pick up next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Thanks very much and best of luck Bill.
Bill Brown: Thanks Dave.
David Strauss: I want to ask a question on the guidance, just so I have it straight. So, the EPS guide as of now doesn't reflect the pending divestitures, but it looks like from the Slide 12 that you think you can offset the dilution through share repurchase [ph]? I guess that's question number one. And then just with the divestitures all coming out of AS, what does that do to the margin profile on a go forward basis for AS?
Jay Malave: Okay. David, just to be clear on the 12.85 that does anticipate or include the $0.10 of expected dilution from the announced divestitures, so that's in the 12.85.As far as the announced divestitures' impact going forward on AS margins, it's about 100 basis points dilutive. So, the margins on these two businesses composite a little bit higher than the average going forward. That again changes I guess downstream, we'll see with organic improvements, but just baseline impact of the divestiture is about 100 basis points.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Pleased proceed with your question.
Doug hartnett: Good morning. Thank you. Bill, Jay, Chris, I mean, you've seen a lot of companies and I mean, I cannot begin to count the number of situations where management has said, we have a cost reduction program in place. Lay it out. They often have interesting names to them. You all have done the integration. You have the e3 program, and we're really seeing the improvement in margins. But I have to say most of the times you see these cost reduction programs happen and the savings get competed away, mix changes, other costs arise. So when you look forward, can you talk about the things that you're doing and how you can really have confidence that we can see a continued progression of margin improvement?
Chris Kubasik: Doug, thank you. First of all, it's Chris. You're right, the integration and the cost synergies, I think, has been a great success. As I mentioned, we're a year ahead of schedule. And it really goes back to after we announced and before we closed, we had a dedicated team, the integration management office that really laid out in detail a plan to go ahead and capture these cost synergies. And that's something that Bill, Jay and I have been meeting and continue to meet every Monday to review the progress. And it takes time, especially something like IT, as we've been consolidating our ERP systems, investing in the infrastructure and going with new applications, relative to it. So that should wrap up by the end of this year and then we'll focus entirely on the e3 process. It's really becoming part of the culture, and we identify projects, we review them on a weekly basis. And these are just lots of singles and doubles, couple $100,000 here, $1 million there. And we go sector-by-sector, segment-by-segment. And world class organizations continually take out 2% to 3% of their costs each and every year over and above the increase in salaries and others. So we're having good momentum. We have good visibility. We came out strong this quarter, if you see it for the year. And my expectation is that we absorbed the headwinds, and we continue to go forward. So I don't know if anyone has anything further.
Jay Malave: I'll just say, it's, as you would expect and as you know, it's management attention, both the synergy program, and the e3 Operational Excellence Programs went parallel paths from day one of the merger. We've had separate reviews and go through all of those. And these reviews are monthly. So the management system, we expect to continue that we had started from day one of the merger. And we have monthly reviews with each of our segments as Chris mentioned, we go through the top 10, the top 15 programs and e3 Operational Excellence Program to make sure that they're on track. And so it's simple as management attention, focus, and continuing to drive the operational foundational basics of performing better each and every day.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, congratulations, Bill and good morning, everyone. Just following up on Doug's question on margin, can you provide a little bit more color on what you know, the e3 top programs are, what initiatives you're pursuing? And also on cost cutting, how do you know you're not cutting too much that it ends up hampering performance in the future?
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks for the question, Kristine. I'll start and then give it over to Jay to give you the specific numbers. One, line that we're not cutting and I think I've said this back in the March meeting. And again, you look at what we're investing on the front end of the business and R&D and industry leading them out. I said before, we did not cut R&D, we could have cut R&D and increase the margins further, but we aren't. We're taking a long term approach. The investments we have in bid and proposal of which were submitting lots of proposals. The R&D and direct sale expenditures have generally increased as we try to focus on the front end of the business. You know, we talked about the revenue synergies, important part of our success is the workforce and we actually started day one of the merger with negative synergies as we increased the costs and the benefits to make sure our workforce was fully engaged and supported. So that's, that the headwinds and the items I look at to give me confidence that again, we're not looking at this short term, quite the contrary, we're looking longer term. And we're taking an enterprise wide approach. So we talked about shared services as an example, there's lots of companies out there that had individual segments or sectors, doing their own processing, whether it's payables or payrolls. Some of this stuff isn't overly exciting, but going to a shared service concept, having single process, single systems, and optimizing for the benefit of the enterprise versus individual divisions, sectors or segments is I think part of the strategy. And a lot of people say it, it's not easy to do, and we're doing it, so whether it's procurement, whether it's quality, e3 shared services, all those things we're looking at, at an enterprise level, taking out the inefficiencies. And there's more work to do in the years ahead and that's what gives us confidence. But Jay, do you want to maybe give more detail?
Jay Malave: Yes, as far as specific initiatives, things that you've heard of in the past, whether it should cost value engineering, supply chain, shop productivity, just a specific example, in our ISR businesses, in terms of people, as you would expect, would be all over an aircraft tear down and build and rebuild. Simple things like changing the tooling, so that you get a benefit in ergonomics, as well as a hours reduction or minutes reduction in the rebuild of a particular aircraft. And so, we've been able to take tooling, in some cases, it's customer funded tooling. On top of it we're able to change our processes, improve them and take costs out at the same time. So it's not a we'll just slash costs, and hopefully it sticks. These are more systemic type reductions that we have an organization built around to drive continuous improvement in sustainable reductions.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yes, good morning, Bill, Chris, Jay and congratulations Bill, best of luck. Hey Chris, on the Space & Airborne the margin performance continues to be really impressive. And I was thinking just about regarding your cost reimbursable mix has continued to grow quite a bit there. I think it was up 30% year-over-year. How do we think about kind of sustaining these margins with the mix shift that's happening there? Is there still a lot of e3 efforts going on pr or maybe just any color there? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, thanks, Peter. Now we apply e3 not only to the fixed price contracts, but the cost plus. When we talk about the portfolio that we've built, and how we're positioned in all these domains, a lot of these programs that start out is cost plus or developmental have a long life, sometimes decades, right. So they move into full rate production and then of course, fair amount have potential for international export. So we look at it as a portfolio and then the natural, healthy growing business, you are going to have the headwind mix from the development programs, which will take every day of the week, but the rest of the portfolio is continuing to mature through its cycle. And as I mentioned, F-35 is a good example. We're getting through the TR3, and then we'll be starting in our production. And that program should have a lot of legs as an example. EW is part of SAS, now we've had good success of light, as I mentioned with the F-16 as a specific example. We have legacy programs on the F-18. We don’t talk a whole lot about the cyber business, but that's growing. And again, there's a commercial model aspect to our cyber business that allows us to have licensing and other opportunities to grow margins. So that's pretty much how I look at it. And again, we continue to have confidence, even with the cost plus piece of the portfolio.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, this is Dan on Gautam. Thanks for the question. So this question, this is actually already asked for, for CS. But I was hoping because, margins were pretty much stronger across the board, but guidance was held. And so I was hoping maybe you could expand on why, particularly IMS and SAS what kind of tempers that performance throughout the remainder of the year to come back into the guidance range? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Sure. So in SAS in particular, we expect in their case R&D to tick up in the back half of the year and so that's one. And then as well as just programs growth on some of these new wins is going to drive margins down just on the lower initial margins I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So for us those are just two factors, pick up in R&D and then a pick up in the lower margin new programs.
Jay Malave: Now, that Dan is still early in the year and in my comments, I suggested this because it's high confidence to be at the higher end of the range, so we'll keep it updated and let you know if changes are warranted later in the year.
Bill Brown: And it's similar with IMS as well, again for them, it's program timing, particularly in the maritime business. They've been a lot of new wins in that sector. Chris mentioned, we had mentioned before, things like the Medium Unmanned Surface Vehicle. Also the other programs that they've won is just going to drive a little bit lower margin in the back half of the year as we ramp up those particular programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Raviv: Hey good morning, everyone and of course, congratulations to all, specially Bill and Chris. A slightly more myopic version of Doug's question and Christine's question, a question from Dan. When you think about this year's margin, you're talking about the upper end of the guidance range for this year. So that's at a base off at which we can continue to expand or should we take this year as rapid improvement, as comprising maybe a couple years of expansion, such that '22 could perhaps be flattish. For example, you've mentioned several times, Jay, that you have some new programs ramping up as the year progresses, is that going to maybe hold down some of the expansion opportunity next year?
Jay Malave: Yes, so a little early to talk about our guidance for margins next year, but I will say that our goal each year is to continue to drive the margins up. You know, we've talked about a smaller ramp in expansion, but our goal always is that the e3 productivity Operational Excellence Program exceeds the headwinds from mix and that's what we will strive for each and every year. It's going to vary from year-to-year. So as we get into more specifics, as we put together our plan for next year, we'll be able to obviously give you more detail there. But the way you should think about it on average each year is continued drive up. It will slow from what we've seen in the last few years, but our expectation is to continue to grow.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everybody and Bill, congratulations on your time and success with the company and thanks for working with us. It was really a pleasure to work with you.
Bill Brown: Thank you, Noah.
Noah Poponak: And Chris, all the best going forward and look forward to working with you as well.
Chris Kubasik: Thank you, as do I.
Noah Poponak: Could you guys update us on the programs that had slipped last quarter that you identified? There was the ISR aircraft program that you discussed? And then I think there might have been a few other smaller ones? Did those land in 1Q or not and if they didn't, when do they? And with the ISR1, my understanding was the delay was caused actually by being sized up, but that you hadn't put all of that into the guide. If you could just update us on how you're handling that in the outlook.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, Noah, all those items that didn't quite cross the goal line in December were in fact booked in Q1. So the guide represents those programs that have been booked, the results are in the quarter and for the year. So we're very optimistic. I mean, the ISR business, when you take this NATO customer, plus what we've done in Australia, and here in the U.S. with the C3D [ph] program, there's still lots of legs in aircraft ISR. So everything is contained in the latest guide. And as I mentioned, there's several billion dollars of opportunity over the next couple of years as we continue to execute on these programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro research. Please proceed with your question.
George Shapiro: Good morning and again, congratulations to Bill and good luck to you, Chris.
Chris Kubasik: Thank you.
George Shapiro: These questions are a couple questions for Jay. You spelled out pension income as a benefit in Space, but not the other sectors. I would think other than Aviation it is pretty symmetrical. If you could just spell out how much of a contribution it was as well? And then, if you could just provide how much were public safety and commercial revenues down, and how did they, how were they on a sequential basis and what's the kind of rough numbers that we're at today? Thanks.
Jay Malave: Sure. George. So for pension, you're right. It was largest at SAS, but there were benefits across the portfolio. IMS benefited about 30 basis points. CS was very small about 10 and AS about 20 basis points from pension. Overall for the company about 30 basis points and all in. As far as the commercial businesses, PSPC was down low 20's and the Commercial Aviation was down a little bit below 50% in the quarter. So combined you're talking in the 30's sequentially. Commercial Aviation was slightly down from the fourth quarter, and PSPC is the same, slightly down. Some of that though is seasonality. It's not, I don't think the compares that great on a sequential basis it is better I think year-over-year. Fourth quarter I think is seasonally higher in both businesses.
Chris Kubasik: I'll just chime in George. Relative to PSPC, and I'm sure you've seeing the $1.9 billion COVID bill has about $360 billion for state and local municipalities. And the states have full discretion on how to spend that money. So I think that's going to give us more confidence in the PSPC recovery, most of which is with states and local municipalities. So I'm sure they're going to be trying to figure out between education, healthcare and public safety, how to spend that money. But I think just in the first quarter we tripled the number of proposals that we submitted. So I have confidence in the second half of the year we will start to see the recovery that Jay mentioned and I think we're all familiar with what's going on in Commercial Aviation, so again that's back end loaded as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with Truist. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning guys, thanks for taking the questions and congrats Bill and Chris. Maybe just going back a little bit to Ron's Space question, and kind of tying in where Peter and Jon were going on margins. At the business update kind of presentation last month, you kind of talked about within space and within the segment there around this sort of factory business model with these newer constellations laying out a path towards I guess, four times as many deliveries. How do we think about the move in that production and the higher volumes and presumably some of the leverage you'd get on better throughput, better purchasing? Is that going to be a big source of margin expansion outside of e3? It seems like you're taking on a much different production philosophy there.
Chris Kubasik: Yes Michael, well said. I think absolutely, that's going to be a contributor to our margins and coupled with volumes. So we talk a lot about the HPTSS SDA. We wonder down select, we're still in a competition, we're going to go ahead and focus on delivering those aircraft on time and getting them launched. And then, that's where the real opportunity kicks in, whether they keep two suppliers or go down to one. There's literally 10s if not more of satellites for decades to come. So the volume will also play into that and part of the e3 methodology and the focus on operational excellence is really taking Space and making it more of a factory type concept and mindset and we have those capabilities. We do it in other parts of the company, and we're sharing those best practices. So, each and every one of those will contribute. So, thank you for that final, final question, Michael. And let me just wrap it up. I think you've heard throughout the day here that we've had a solid start to the year with exceptional execution and healthy string of awards. Obviously, that wouldn't be possible without the dedication and hard work of our 48,000 employees. So clearly, I appreciate everything they're doing. I'm excited about the rest of the year, as we finally hopefully put the pandemic related impacts behind us. We enter the final stages of integration, and we make more progress as a unique non-traditional defense tech company. But before concluding, I also have to thank Bill for his leadership and contribution to the company and congratulate him on a great run. So Bill, I've enjoyed working alongside you the last two years. I'm proud of what we've created together here with L3Harris and more to go. So, thank you.
Bill Brown: Likewise, thank you, Chris.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Fourth Quarter Calendar Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today are Bill Brown, our CEO; Chris Kubasik, our COO; and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website, which is l3harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. And to aid with year-over-year comparability following the L3Harris merger, prior year results will be on a pro forma basis. With that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Well, thank you, Rajeev, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today we’ve reported fourth quarter results, and I'd like to start by thanking our employees for their continued dedication and perseverance through 2020. Despite COVID, we've met customer commitments, advance the integration and deliver bottom-line results ahead of initial expectations all while keeping our workforce safe. We'll continue to follow mitigation plans implemented at the onset of the pandemic and keep them in place until widespread vaccinations have occurred. As a combined company, we're successfully executing the strategy we laid out a year and a half ago to drive shareholder value, and our progress is reflected in our operating results and outlook. First, we delivered solid results in 2020, where we exceeded our initial guidance on margins, earnings per share and free cash flow, offsetting the negative impacts of the pandemic with a solid 7% growth in our core U.S. government business and modest growth on the international side. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 18% from synergies and operational excellence and drove earnings per share up 13% consistent with our double-digit growth framework. With an eight-day improvement in working capital, we also generated strong free cash flow of nearly $2.7 billion. This along with progress on portfolio shaping enabled us to return $3 billion to shareholders and deliver growth and free cash flow per share of over 10%. Second, our guidance for the current year shows continued momentum in the business. With the fiscal 2021 budget now set and broad program support across key areas, we're in a position to deliver mid single-digit organic revenue growth at the midpoint, underpinned by the building blocks we previously described. Our DoD portfolio is well aligned with national security priorities. And while the overall budget is flat, we expect at least low single-digit growth driven by space, maritime, DoD modernization in classified programs. Revenue synergies will contribute about a point of growth with the notable driver being the SDA tracking layer award, as well as continued traction elsewhere with a win rate of about two-thirds of the 40 proposals awarded to-date. On the international front, we expect another – about another point from mid single-digit growth plus backed by a funded book-to-bill of above 1 in 2020 and a growing pipeline of pursuits. And then finally in our commercial businesses, we foresee a more modest impact of full year results as we lap COVID pressures following the first quarter. We also expect another year margin expansion supported by increased synergies and continued operational excellence, net of dilution from new program starts. We exited the year at $270 million in net cumulative synergy savings, $20 million ahead of our prior estimate. And with more confidence in savings from the supply chain, facility rationalization, shared services and functional efficiencies, we're now increasing our cumulative savings to $320 million to $350 million in 2021, up from a prior estimate of $300 million plus and still a year ahead of schedule. Our free cash flow guide of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion demonstrates clear progress towards our $3 billion target in 2022 with all cash use for capital returns to support double-digit earnings and free cash flow per share growth. Yesterday, we announced that our Board approved a new $6 billion share repurchase authorization alongside a 20% increase in our dividend, the third raise since we closed and bringing us closer to our target of a 30% to 35% payout of free cash flow. And then finally, we continue to position the business for long-term value creation by exiting non-core businesses and focusing our significant R&D investment on more strategic, technology-based business areas. We're now in the latter stages of several portfolio shaping processes, and we'll look to provide updates over the coming months. Our expectation continues to be for divestitures to represent a cumulative 8% to 10% of revenue with about a third completed to-date and all proceeds going towards repurchases. And we'll continue to sustain R&D spending at a peer high of nearly 4% of revenue with a focus on open architecture, multifunction software defined solutions across our broad C5ISR portfolio of capabilities. These technologies are essential to countering near peer threats across all domains and our past investments with a driver behind the recent SDA tracking layer, HBTSS, and next-gen jammer wins. So overall, we're clearly making progress in building a high-performance, technology-focused operating company and positioning L3Harris as a full end-to-end mission solutions prime. And with that, let me turn it over to you, Chris.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 5. Integrated Mission Systems fourth quarter revenue was flat. Strong growth in our Maritime business continued as a result of several key wins during the year. We were awarded prime contracts for the medium unmanned surface vehicle program and the classified undersea acoustic systems program, which alongside an important win on the U.S. Navy frigate program, affirms our strategy to establish ourselves as both a prime contractor and a systems integrator. This progress was offset by a moderate decline in electro-optical due to program timing and an ISR due to aircraft timing. Our prior guidance assumed a December contract for ISR aircraft from an international customer that was delayed due to the customer's decision to expand the program. We are now awaiting parliamentary approval for that program. For the full year, revenue was up 3.3% from double-digit growth in Maritime and low single-digit growth in ISR. Operating income was up 7.2% in the fourth quarter and 21% for the year. And margins expanded 100 basis points to 14.3% and 230 basis points to 15.3% for the quarter in year, respectively. Our ISR business made significant progress on its international strategy with a contract to provide missionized ISR aircraft for the Canadian Air Force, capabilities on a Maritime patrol aircraft for a customer in the Asia-Pacific region and the introduction of potted SIGINT capability for unmanned aircraft for deployment in Europe and Asia. We have a strong pipeline as our allies appreciate the need for situational awareness that our systems provide. In Space and Airborne Systems, organic revenue increased 4.8% for the quarter from a ramp on the F-35 as we transitioned from development to production on the next-generation mission systems in our Mission Avionics sector and growth in space from new program wins. This growth was partially reduced by low single-digit decline in our Intel and Cyber due to program timing. For the full year, organic revenue increased 5.8% from the F-35 ramp and classified growth in Intel and Cyber. Space and electronic warfare were down due to in-year program transition, but recent wins position space to be a key growth driver for 2021. Operating income was up 13% in the fourth quarter and 6.8% for the year. And margins expanded 150 basis points to 19.5% for the quarter and 20 basis points to 18.8% for the year. Overall, our space business had a transformative year as we've been awarded contracts within the missile defense area, including the Space Development Agency’s tracking layer, and more recently here in January on the Missile Defense Agency’s hypersonic and ballistic tracking space sensor program, or HBTSS, culminating multiple years of investment in innovation. On HBTSS, our team will develop a prototype satellite that will demonstrate our capability to detect and track hypersonic weapons in space. The initial launch is targeted for 2023 with an opportunity to build out a constellation thereafter. These competitive wins have potential value of over $5 billion, uniquely positioning L3Harris to play a lead role with multiple agencies and mark the culmination of a successful multi-year repositioning strategy, establishing ourselves as a mission solutions prime with our responsive satellites and within missile defense. Next, Communication Systems organic revenue was up 3.4% for the quarter, driven by tactical growth of 17%, that included record international sales up over 30% from the the Mid East and Central Asia and continued DoD modernization. This strength was partially offset by anticipated weakness in our public safety business due to the COVID-19 as well as the decline in integrated vision systems from international program timing. Full year revenue was up 4.4% driven by 13% growth in tactical communications, primarily from the ramp in DoD modernization programs, which also benefited Integrated Vision Solutions. As anticipated, we saw solid international growth of 4% in tactical communications with major wins in Australia, Europe and the Mid East. Total Communication Systems orders in Australia exceeded 200 million with contracts for tactical radios and wave forms, supporting crypto modernization requirements and the Land 53 next-gen night vision goggle program. The 17% decline in PSPC was consistent with our expectations and should ease post the first quarter. Operating income was up 14% in the fourth quarter and 13% for the year. And margins expanded 280 basis points to 25.9% and 200 basis points to 24.4% for the quarter and year respectively. Our Broadband business had a major strategic win, with the prime contract award for the U.S. Navy's next generation jammer, low-band program for nearly $500 million. Highlighting our advanced technology and innovative solutions for the contested environments our customers will need to compete and operate-in, in the future. The program comes with follow-on opportunities in the $4 billion range, demonstrates our standing as a leader in spectrum superiority and electronic warfare for legacy and next-gen platforms. This multi-year pursuit validates our strategy to be a prime and provide leading edge technical solutions to our customers. Finally, in aviation systems, organic revenue decreased 11% in the quarter and 3% for the year as expected due to COVID-19 related impacts in the commercial aviation business. Growth with our U.S. government customers remained healthy in defense avionics from a ramp on classified programs and ground vehicle systems, and mission networks from higher FAA volume. Operating income was down 22% in the fourth quarter and 5.4% for the year, primarily from the sale of our airport security and automation businesses as cost actions and growth in defense aviation and mission networks mitigated our commercial headwinds. Margins were flat at 14.9% in the quarter, full year margins however expanded a 100 basis points to 13.8%. Notable activity in the quarter included $142 million order from the U.S. Space and Missile Systems Center to continue the development of the next gen M-Code GPS receivers with inception to-date awards had over $0.5 billion. Over the last few months, we've successfully positioned ourselves for growth with notable awards that represent opportunities in the multi-billion dollar range. These wins provide a long-term visibility and highlight the strength of our portfolio in a range of budget environments and across multiple domains. With a healthy backlog of $22 billion, that's up nearly 80% for the year adjusting for divestitures and a funded book-to-bill of 1.04 we are confident in the sustainability of our growth. As we think about 2021, we'll continue to execute on our strategic priorities that are focused on growing the top line, advancing the integration, expanding margins through flawless execution and continuous improvement, reshaping our portfolio and maximizing cash flow to support capital returns. With that I'll hand it over to Jay.
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris and good morning everyone. I'll begin with a brief recap of our fourth quarter and 2020 results before shifting over to our 2021 outlook. Fourth quarter, organic revenue was flat, largely driven by the effects of the pandemic and aircraft timing. As our core U.S government business was up about 4%, with the international side up modestly. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 18.5%, primarily from integration benefits, operational excellence and cost management, earnings per share of $11.60 was better than we expected and grew 10% or $0.29 as shown on Slide 9. Of this growth synergies and operations contributed $0.47. Along with a lower share comp of $0.15 which more than compensated for the headwinds from divestitures in pandemic impacted end markets For the full year organic revenue was up 3% with our core U.S. government business up 7% and international up a point. Partially offset by the impact from our commercial businesses due to the pandemic. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 18% and 75 basis points ahead of the midpoint of our initial guide. With the integration benefits, operational excellence and cost management being the primary drivers. Earnings per share grew 13% or $1.34, primarily from operations, synergy benefits and a 4% lower share count, enabling us to deliver on our double-digit growth target. Solid fourth quarter free cash flow of $642 million resulted in the full-year coming in at the upper end of our guidance range. With this cash flow, we repurchased $2.3 billion in stock and paid $725 million in dividends. Okay, now switching over to the 2021 guidance on Slide 10. Starting with the top-line, organic revenue is expected to be up 3% to 5% reflecting growth in every segment with a light first quarter as we lap pandemic-related impacts and phase in new programs. On full year EBIT, we expect total company margins to be 18% to 18.5%, a 25 basis point improvement over the prior year at the midpoint, primarily driven by increased cost synergies, operational excellence and pension, net of mix headwinds from space, IMS and tactical radios. This combined with a 4% lower share count will result in 2021 EPS in the range of $12.60 to $13 per share, up double digits at the midpoint versus 2020. On free cash flow, our guide implies nearly $14 per share at the point and clear traction with our growth framework. This reflects a three-day working capital improvement to 51 days, $375 million in capital expenditures and no pension funding. Our guidance also reflects approximately $2.3 billion in share repurchases, excluding divestitures as part of our recently approved buyback authorization. And following yesterday's announced dividend increase, this'll be our third hike since the merger, representing a cumulative increase of about 50, reflecting our confidence in continued cash generation. All told, we expect to return $3.1 billion to shareholders this year before accounting for any divestiture proceeds that'll be additive. Switching over to the segments, Integrated Mission Systems revenue is expected to be up 4% to 6%. Driven by ISR aircraft missionization demand and maritime from recent wins. Segment operating margin is anticipated to be 15.5% at the midpoint as operational excellence, synergy savings and pension benefits are netted by program mix impacts. In Space and Airborne Systems, we expect organic revenue to be up 4% to 6%, driven by traction and space, and continued classified strength in Intel and cyber. Segment operating margin of 18.5% at the midpoint is driven by mixed headwinds from key growth programs that outweigh E3 productivity, pension and integration benefits. Communication systems revenue is expected to be up 2.5% to 4.5%, from continued modernization growth in DoD tactical, as well as international growth integrated vision solutions. Public safety will have a modest headwind in the year, as COVID related impacts lap in the first quarter of 2021, with a recovery later in the year. Segment margins are anticipated to be 24.5% at the midpoint from operational excellence and synergies, partially offset by product mix within tactical radios. And lastly in Aviation Systems, organic revenue is expected to be up 1% to 3%, driven by continued growth in our U.S. government businesses from a ramp on combat propulsion systems and classified programs, which will be moderated by a slight decrease in commercial aerospace for the year. Segment margins of 14% at the midpoint reflect improvement driven by operational excellence, cost management and synergy savings. Okay. Turning to the EPS slide and bridge on Slide 11, expected full-year EPS of $12.80 at the midpoint reflects 10% growth. Of this, operations and synergies will contribute $0.44, along with a lower share count for $0.57. And pension and other items of $0.26, more than offsetting the $0.07 headwind from completed divestitures. All right, so just putting it all together, 2020 performance is demonstrating the resilience of our earnings and cash generating power and our 2021 outlook reflecting further progress against our financial targets, with recurring double-digit earnings and free cash flow per share growth, driven by rising top line as well as industry leading margins and capital returns. Okay. One last item before getting to your questions, I know there's been interest in a deeper look into our company as well as our growth drivers. So on March 10, we'll start with a virtual business briefing focusing on two of our segments Space and Airborne Systems, and Integrated Mission Systems. That will be followed by a closer look at our other businesses at a later date. Okay. With that operator, let's open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. My apologies. Sheila will continue in just a moment. Please go ahead, Sheila. Your line is open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Bill, Chris, Jay, your EPS guide is up 10% at the midpoint on a 4% revenue increase. And you announced a fairly hefty dividend increase last night of 20%, but your total deployment is up 8% year-over-year. How do you think about growth in cap deployment from here? How does that tie into your medium-term expectations of EPS and free cash flow per share growth?
Jay Malave: So Sheila, you see what we saw today, what we announced last night on the dividend is where it's as far as well as including our share repurchase today. This is consistent with the framework we've laid out over the past year and a half, which is returning 100% of free cash flow to share owners. You'll see 3.1 is a little bit in excess of that in 2021, but the framework is intact. It's a framework we expect to continue moving forward. As far as the dividend, may be a little more specific, 20% – we've had the target as Bill mentioned of 30% to 35% in terms of a cash payout ratio in the dividend, and that's still our target. That's something that we'll look to accelerate or continue accelerating the dividend growth over the next few years to get ourselves in that range. And so I would expect it to be more of the same going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, guys. Just a quick clarification on a comment you made Chris, and then a question. The contract you mentioned in IMS, the air airplane contracts, is there any ongoing risk there if that doesn't get parliamentary approval or I think you said that was just scope. Just trying to get my arms around that one.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Carter. No, the program is in the budget and it's just a process to get through the parliament. What happened was the Air Force in this country wanted to add additional scope to the program and we had planned for a December award. But due to the changes to the contract and the ongoing holidays and the usual delays in that time of year, it's moved into 2021. So we're very confident in this award and it’s just a timing flip.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: It's either for Bill or for Chris. You obviously talked a lot about the defense exports and your ambition to continue to grow this going forward in 2021 and beyond. But we do have a new U.S. administration. They seem to put a few things on hold. Do you see any implications from this freeze for your export sales this year or into next year?
Bill Brown: Well, thanks for the question. I do think that we'll see in the Biden administration continued support for exports to our partners or allies. I think that's been clearly signaled. We'll see kind of like with the last administration, some clear support there. You may see some more scrutiny in certain regions like in the Middle East, and you saw an announcement come out just a couple of days ago. Frankly, it wasn't necessarily new news, it was well signaled. It’s sort of a standard practice for the start of a new administration to take a pause on some of these more contentious exports of certain countries; so number one. Two, we're not an arms or weapons provider, so I'm not sure it really affects us very much. But when we look at sales into the region in those two countries, net of backlog is less than 1% of our revenue. So it's relatively small. And then third, it's likely just a matter of timing. We think if there's any impact to us at all, it's a matter of timing and we think that'll all come out within 2021. So we think this all settled down relatively quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, guys.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: As you continue to shape your portfolio, can you provide us with an update of what you're viewing as core capabilities versus non-core? And whether or not that's changed with the election results?
Bill Brown: Well, thanks for the question. No, it's not changing. I mean, this is not really driven by who's in the current administration or what's happening in Congress. It really is driven by those businesses which we think that we can better own and drive value to owners that tend to be ones that are more technology intensive businesses that require investment in IRAD and our 20,000 plus engineers to make them better every day to differentiate versus competitors. Those are the kinds of businesses that we want to be in, and the businesses we're looking to get out are non-core, don't necessarily fit that model. We're making progress. We had a good start to early 2020. COVID sort of slowed us down a little bit. We saw some acceleration in Q4. And then certainly January has been pretty busy. It's not going to be a linear journey on divestitures, but we're patient, we're focused. We do still think it will be 8% to 10% of our revenue. And as I and Jay and others have talked about, we'll deploy proceeds back to owners as soon as we make those announcements and we'll talk to investors as those transactions occur.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Bill Brown: Hey, good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: So one of the questions we frequently get from investors and I wanted you to respond to it is despite all the revenue synergies and the progress you've shown, there's a perception that legacy Harris comm systems business may not fare so well in a flat to down DoD top line environment. And I wondered if you could just kind of speak to that, how you think night vision, tactical comms, et cetera, some of the shorter cycle that might fare over the next couple of years. And if you could provide some metrics around some of the pipeline pursuits that you're pursuing. Thank you.
Bill Brown: Yes, sure, Gautam. Look, we're a very different business today than we were seven, eight, nine years ago when a lot of the tac comm business was driven by repairs, resets. It really wasn't focused on a program of record, but that's very different today. So it’s really stepping back. And when we think about our company as a whole, we've got total backlog at the end of last year at about 1.2 times our revenue. So it's a little bit less than what we see with our peers. So we're a shorter cycle if you will, but we're not necessarily short cycle. We've got a piece of the business and you hit some of the key ones that radios, night vision goggles, maybe a couple of other spots that are – that have backlog less than one times revenue. So for those businesses in particular, most of them are on programs of records today. They're well-supported. They're in the early innings of modernization and we feel very good about that. I'll take tactical radio for a minute on the DoD side. As we know, there's 350,000 to 400,000 radios that will be upgraded. There's about 10% of the way through there. You can see in the budget in 2021 continued to be well-supported in terms of revenue, in terms of budget authority for radio monetizations, and we're in the front end of a long modernization curve on tactical radios. The same thing is on the international side. There's more than a dozen countries on our front end of modernization. A lot of it announced a couple of 100,000 radios, $4 billion worth of pipeline. So, again, we're on the front end of modernization ramp on the international side, which is it tends to follow what happens in the U.S. And then you mentioned night vision goggles. We are on a sole source director requirement for ENVG-B. We delivered about 5,000 goggles to-date. We're on a program of record, which was announced in September, which we're one of the awardees for that, 100,000 plus night vision goggles. So we're 5% of the way through, again, with very clear budget visibility. So when you look at where we're at our modernization and visibility into the budgets, we think the outlook is very, very positive for all of those “shorter cycle businesses”, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Bill Brown: Hey, good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, Jay, just wanted to try to better understand the cash flow progression. In thinking through 2020, there's a few hundred million of adjusted net income growth, which I think gets all the non-cash out. The deck sites eight days of working capital, which using the number you guys used to quote for per day, that's a sizeable increase. I think he had a deferred cash tax. So I'm surprised that that the 2020 final free cash was only up $200 million. Maybe you can help me square up what I'm missing there. And then if you could then just carry into 2021, helping us understand the major moving pieces in the cash flow bridge that are outside of the business guidance you've given.
Jay Malave: Sure. Thanks for the question, Noah. Sure. In 2020, at the end of 2020, we accelerated – we continue to accelerate payments to small suppliers. Total impact, most of which was most suppliers is about 100,000 million of outflow. Say the other piece of it was just a little bit of timing issue between cash taxes. And so there was some timing of cash that was more in 2020 that was paid versus what we'd originally expected that will be a benefit in 2021. So those are the two primary drivers of 2020. In 2021, as I mentioned, we're relying on three days of working capital. We'll also get a benefit from these cash tax a little bit better than we expected. And those are really the two major drivers. And just speaking, going back to working capital, we continue to drive while it's three days our opportunity set is substantially bigger than that. So there's runway beyond 2020, even in – sorry, 2021, even in 2021, where our projects are by our sectors, by our segments are pretty well-defined particularly in inventory. And we've got a really nice I think a roadmap to deliver 2021 and beyond going forward. And so, these I'd say the moving pieces are not much different from what we've talked about in the past, really focused on working capital to make that not a use of cash and could make it either neutral or a source of cash and dropping through the net income. In 2021, as I mentioned, we’ll get a little bit of a tax benefit, but really kind of set the stage for continued cash flow growth beyond 2021 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Safran: Thanks. Bill, Chris, Jay, Rajeev, good morning. How are you?
Bill Brown: Hey, good morning.
Richard Safran: So, at IMS, you noted strong Maritime sales in 4Q. You had a ramp in manned and classified programs. You also mentioned it. I believe in your opening remarks about a driver of 2021. So I'm interested in if you could comment a bit more in more detail about sales and margin growth in that business in 2021 and maybe even in longer term. In your answer could you also comment on classified versus unclassified program growth?
Bill Brown: So, I'll start that and maybe Chris can jump in on that. Look, Richard, the Maritime business has been a real strong performer for us in 2020. We have a good leadership. There was lots of pieces that were well integrated together. We're not completely through all that, but we're making really good progress. 2020 was a very strong year, was up double digits. The orders were really strong. Book-to-bill came in above 1, factored reasonably above 1, and we see continued growth in calendar 2021. We're calling it mid single-digit range, but lots of good indicators of continued growth there. We just have a very solid position. We do a lot of work on power conversion, power distribution, towed arrays, mass, sonars, crypto, a bunch of different things. And we've got a great position on the unmanned side as well. So it's pretty broad base. It's across both the OEM and service U.S. international, so – in manned and unmanned. So we liked the position that we happen to have. On the manned side, we've got good content on both Columbia and Virginia. Those programs are well-supported and Chris talked about the future frigate with Fincantieri. We've got a very strong position in content on the future frigate. Those all look really good and well-supported. And on the unmanned side, I think we're on the front end of this. It's not a big part of the business today, but it's growing. We're the only prime of any unmanned maritime vessel here for the U.S. Navy is the MUSV or the Medium Unmanned Surface Vehicle. We're the prime on that. That’s a pretty good contract we're executing on. We've got a study on the LUSV, which is the Large Unmanned Surface Vessel. We're doing mine counter-measure systems. I think we talked about in a press release about a Phase 2 with – in Europe, with a partner where we're providing substantial content for unmanned manned – unmanned mind counter countermeasures systems and then all the underwater side. Really can't talk about the – on the classified business, but we've got a very strong position on undersea classified capabilities as well. So overall a very good business, with the hope and the direction we'd likely see in the budget of more growth focused on the Navy given where the future threats happened to be. I don’t know, Chris, if I missed anything in that.
Chris Kubasik: No, I think you got a good summary. I'll also say the future continues to be bright. I mean, we have to execute on all the programs that we just talked about. But just looking ahead to 2021, the Navy is looking at a couple of programs called spectral, spear and spatial, and these are all integrated signal intelligence programs, sensor to shooter, those types of things. They're under an overall umbrella that does maybe referred to as Overwatch. So if you kind of think of that as the Navy's equivalent of the AVMs equivalent. So, we were excited about those opportunities. And as I said in my remarks, both as a system integrator or a prime we're well-positioned. And then of course, internationally, we're getting a lot of interest of supporting OEMs as they take their business abroad. So it's been a good run and the future remains bright for Maritime.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Bill Brown: Good morning, David.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, David.
David Strauss: Bill and Chris, I guess, when the merger was announced, the management transition I think was Bill, you were going to be CEO for two years, and then Chris was going to take over. And I think that puts us – that plan in place happening kind of second half of this year. Is that still what we should expect or is there been any sort of a change there? Thanks.
Bill Brown: So, David, thank you. No, it's exactly the plan that we're working towards. It's the end of Q2. It's got a date and a time because it's written in a merger agreement and you're working towards that. I think more broadly, let nudges what's in the agreement is, is the partnership that I have with Chris and we're working with Jay, we've got a great leadership team. We're working well together. We're executing well on our strategy. We're aligned on the direction we're taking in the company. And you'll hear and see more of that in the investor briefing we're going to have in March, where Chris will talk a little bit about thoughts on becoming moving more towards emission solutions provider. As you see here, Ed and Sean talking about their businesses as well, but tracking well, performing well, and we're not expecting any sort of strategic redirection ready bump in the performance of the company.
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in. I know a lot of people ask is the strategy going to change when you change the leader and that's not the case. So clearly we've been working this together for over two years, there'll be a smooth transition because Bill will remain in the exact chair for an additional year. So I don't see any big surprises coming. We've laid out pretty clearly our focus on the growth and the integration and the margin expansion and the cash flow. So we'll be in good shape. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Thanks. Good morning, Bill, Chris, Jay. Bill or Chris, I guess I just want to talk – bask about the synergy targets and performance in the quarter was really impressive. You guys beat I think your target for 2020 by 11% and have raised the longer-term target now. Can you just describe a little bit where you're seeing these gains? Is it just across the board from your E3 efforts? Maybe just some color there that'd be helpful. Thanks.
Bill Brown: So thanks for the question. No, it's different than E3. E3 is additive to the synergy targets. So now, we had a really good year. The team is performing, very, very well. I talked a little bit about some of the drivers of the outperformance this year and why we took up our number to next year at $320 million to $350 million, which again is well above what we thought we would do in three years. And we are now doing more than that in two. So we're seeing a lot more opportunities in supply chain, we're still working through our facility rationalization, very, very good progress, substantial activities happening over the course of 2021. It has been very, very well and closely managed and monitored. It's going to execute very well. And we're seeing good opportunities are coming through there. Functional efficiencies, shared services, we just keep seeing more and more opportunities to get better. That's the spirit of continuous improvement. That's really, what's behind E3. That's why we think as we wrap up integration at the back end of 2021. And then in 2022, we really talk about it less as integration more as just productivity and operational excellence. We're going to have a good year in 2021, those are the things that drive it, so team is just executing very, very well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Myles Walton: Two quick ones, maybe on IMS, obviously the sales didn't quite come through on the time you expect it. I'm just curious, Chris, if it's just a slip of timing, why 2021’s growth isn't more significant. It seems like, kind of the $200 million or $150 million slipped would jolt up that growth rate. And then secondarily I think the F-35 in the avionics business in particular is where one of the biggest contributors of 2020 growth. What does that look like in 2021? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes. Thanks, Myles. On IMS side I can see where you'd draw that conclusion. We're still looking 4% to 6%, the initial guidance early in the year for IMS. And it really comes down to the number of aircraft that you can induct in the factory in any one year. So, I think of it as maybe some of that 2020 slides to 2021, the latter part of 2021 slides into 2022, if that makes sense. So we're not losing anything. It just kind of slipped out to the right. And then on F-35 and mission avionics, we have multiple systems that we're providing to Lockheed as you well know, especially on the – what we're calling TR3 the Tech Refresh 3. So we're going through a transition from development to production. We think longer-term there's numerous opportunities for additional content that we could provide, but not withstanding that as the aircrafts ramp up, we get more content per plane and even the potential for sustainment. We see this as a long-term growth driver for years to come, not to mention the international opportunities on top of that.
Myles Walton: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Raviv: Thanks and good morning. You sort of given the divestitures and also the pandemic impact on commercial in 2020 is a bit of an easy comp into 2021. And then with the commercial in 1Q still being light 2021 is still kind of setting a relatively easy comp as well. So can you talk about just the opportunities for growth rates to actually potentially accelerate beyond 2021, even slightly as you get over the commercial aero comp, these new space activities ramp up, the revenue synergies pick up. And then also within that portfolio, what might be sort of heading in the wrong direction versus what's heading the right direction to sort of maintain at least mid-single digit growth.
Bill Brown: So, Jon I think that's a good question. I think you laid out, kind of the response and the question, if you will. So you laid out some of the drivers next year. Yes, we do see – as I made that in my remarks, DoD in U.S. government low-single digits, we see revenue synergies about a point, we see international mid-single digit plus, some headwinds coming from commercial, but you're exactly right. As you start to get out into 2022 from 2021, we'll see less of it, maybe no commercial headwinds and maybe eventually starts to turn into a tailwind. We see international as a front-end of a build. Again, we're very under penetrated. We have 20% of our revenues in international and Chris laid out a growth target there. We performed very well in the back half of last year. It was up low-to-mid single digits. We had a very good Q3. And we've got some good momentum coming into this year, a very big pipeline, of our $67 billion total company pipeline $16 billion of which is an international. So we've got a lot of opportunities, we're chasing on the international front. And again, we've talked about the revenue synergies, about a point call it $150 million to $200 million net incremental in 2021 from 2020 we're still at the front end of the build. So we have 40 proposals that have been awarded. We won two-thirds of them, but there's 70 that are submitted so another 30 to be awarded or not. There's more that are happening in the future. So we hope to continue to build on that. And we do hope, just given the positioning of ourselves within the DoD budget, then low single digit growth from DoD could actually grow over time, because we're in great places that we are going to continue to get funded, but we're also growing as a mission solutions provider going after a larger addressable market. So, put all those pieces together, that should – that could drive acceleration beyond 2021. But right now we're laying out the 2021 framework and we are already thinking about mid-single digits beyond that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Okay. Thanks very much, and good morning everyone.
Bill Brown: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: I think, Bill, you talked in the past about getting DoD tactical to sort of $1 billion – over $1 billion of sales in the early 2020 time frame and kind of got right up to that $1 billion level in 2020. And so, I guess is there anything more specific you can say to kind of outline the outlook there over the next couple of years?
Bill Brown: So Seth that's a good question, in fact I remember the discussion from a few years ago about getting to $1 billion. And frankly, it happened a little bit sooner than we had even anticipated at that point in time. So we were just a tad under that last year. With our guidance, we'll be at or above – it will be above $1 billion this year. We're just very well-positioned across the tactical radio business, as you know. We're across all the services, across all the contract vehicles, very strong position and the Marine Corps was a big driver of us in 2020. We're sole-sourced on HF radios. We're sole-sourced there on Manpack. We'll compete on the handheld this year. We're sole-sourced across SOCOM. Army, we compete versus Thales and Collins. But the fact is I think given the momentum that we have here, we see continued share gains within those areas as well within the army. So, I think we're well positioned. The budgets are very supportive. When you look at all tactical radio in total in 2021 over 2020, the budgets themselves are up about 25%. HMS is up 16%, 17%. So there's very good continued budget coverage here. We're starting the year with mid-single-digit growth in DoD. We're coming off a very strong 2020 and an even stronger 2019. So maybe, hopefully, there's some conservatism built into that. But there's some competition happening this year, and we'll keep evaluating and updating investors through the year on just our progress in DoD. But frankly, the team has done a great job in positioning ourselves for success in tactical over a multiyear period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Epstein: Yes. Hi, good morning guys.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: Could you – with the change in administration, can you talk about – I mean, every defense company tends to say we're well positioned for the change. And everyone can't possibly be, right? I mean, that's just impossible. Where do you expect to see weaknesses because of the change? Where do you expect to see strength? And then, where are you positioned the best for the change in administration?
Bill Brown: So I'll start there. Maybe Jay and Chris can jump in. Look, I think there's going to be continued focus on the space domain, which we have spent a number of years repositioning the company to go after. Last year, it was a softer year. It was a transition year. We had a couple of program transitions. But you see in Q4, we came back very, very strongly. We're up high-single digits. We'll be up high single digits in 2021. We've got good wins. I mean, Chris walked through some of the key ones there. And frankly, that's just going to be continuing to be a growth area. And you heard some of the commentary, from Secretary Austin's commentary at his hearing about the focus on space and it's not just across DoD, there's a lot of classified community investments going on in the space. So I think, number one, we've got a really good position there going from components to systems, and I think a proven strategy. I think some of the things that's happening on the unmanned side are opportunities for the future, both on maritime as well as on the airborne side. We've got really strong positions in both sides. I think that's going to continue to be well-funded. At the end of the day, any fight in the future particularly against these near-peer competitors will require network platforms and not just simply platform improvements themselves, so how they work together. That requires resilient communications. Strong, secure, non-jammable resilient communications, and that is the sweet spot of the company. We keep talking about that. It's very, very important. And there's really no one that's better positioned to enable that JADC2 mission environment than where we happen to be. That's why we're on all of the ABMS contract vehicles, I think we've just had a great position there. That's going to continue to be well supported. So those are the areas that I think are going to be where we're best positioned. And I know what everyone else is talking about. We're sitting here with almost 4% of our revenue in IRAD. We're focusing our company. We've got a very unique situation with this merger where we can start off with a clean sheet and get all of our segments built from the day one to collaborate together, and that's why we're seeing traction here on the revenue synergies. So you put all those pieces together, and that's why I do believe that we've got just a strong powerful portfolio of businesses with good leadership that should outgrow our competitors into the future.
Chris Kubasik: And I'll just chime in. Some of the tradeoffs, obviously, are going to be the force structure versus modernization. And then the modernization is it going to be new platforms or upgrading existing platforms and then, there's always the focus on strategic deterrence. So the types of systems and the type of capabilities we have across all domains, I think position us well, there was a question earlier about our content on F-35 as an example, but we're also well positioned on next-generation opportunities. So we can support the upgrades and enhancements to existing systems. I look at what we have in EW. We have five LOAs signed with international countries, for F-16. Modernization is an example. We're on the Columbia class as a strategic deterrent. There's talk about – next about the nuclear command and control aircraft recapitalization, which again is in our sweet spot. So when you look across the spectrum, space, EW, cyber, ISR, resilient comms, whether we're a prime or a sub, new systems, old systems, I really like where we are. So, thanks for the question, Ron.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed with your question.
George Shapiro: Yes. Good morning.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning, George.
George Shapiro: Chris, I just want a little more explanation similar to what you gave Myles on IMS and the SAS sector, because there, you were a little bit short as well in terms of the expectation of 7% growth for the year. You mentioned Intel and Cyber due to program timing, if you could just give some more color on where the shortfall there was.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, George, great question, I probably should have elaborated on that. It was really the timing of awards. I mentioned, HBTSS and SDA and some of the classified wins. They took a little longer to get under contract. Or, candidly, some of these were pro-tested and then it caused the delays. So we just saw a slip from the fourth quarter, if you will of 2020 into early 2021. You can't get the contract. You can't get the revenue to get started. So that was just a clear slip from 2020 to 2021 due to timing of those. Intel and Cyber, not too lumpy of a business but nothing to be concerned with there, in fact, when you look at that whole business it’s close to $1 billion, we're seeing growth in 2021 there as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael Ciarmoli with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. And maybe just back to where Ron was going. A quick one, can you guys – do you think you can grow the backlog in 2021? And then just looking at that positioning, I think historically, DoD revenues were about 35% tied to O&M exposure. And then, you obviously got some army exposure. But, do you think with the administration change, you're confident in this growth trajectory. Assuming, maybe those prior two would be bill payers? Can you drive enough growth out of maybe air force and space? And maybe even kind of the commercial space to offset some of those O&M and army headwinds if they materialize?
Bill Brown: Yes. So, Michael, just very quickly, on Land it's about 20% of our revenue, and it's well supported programs. A lot of its ISR aircraft that we feel very confident it's going to continue. On the service mix, yes, there is going to be kind of a tilt toward sea, air, space center-type platforms in a near-peer competition that's hearing a lot coming out of the navy, and I talked a lot about what's happening with the air force and the space force. So in a flat to declining budget environment, I think there's general speculation, army will be a bill payer here for us. The army is only about 10% of our revenue. It's smaller part of what we do even with the DoD. It's, I think, between the navy and the air force, it's about four times what the army happens to be. So it's not a big part of the company. I think, we are more predisposed to the air force was our biggest customer. And the navy, we spent a lot of time talking about some of the maritime opportunities here. So we think the shift is actually favorable to us. We think we're well-positioned there. And we think we can manage through those shifts happening right now between the services. So we like where we are. We like the positioning of our portfolio. And then, by the way, in 2021, we do think we can build the backlog because we'll see book-to-bill more than one. So, we think that will continue to grow into next year.
Bill Brown: So look, that wraps us up here today. Thank you very much. We had a strong solid year. It was a tough backdrop. And I want to thank again our employees for executing well on our strategic priorities, delivering value to our customers and our shareholders, but also providing a solid foundation to build on in 2021 as well as the medium-term. Again, thank you for joining the call this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you more, at our upcoming investor briefing on March 10. Thank you very much, everybody. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Third Quarter Calendar Year 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may now begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today are Bill Brown, our CEO; Chris Kubasik, our COO; and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumption, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and our SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website which is l3harris.com where a replay of this call will also be available. And to aid with year-over-year comparability, following the L3Harris merger, the first half of prior-year results will be on a pro forma basis. With that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Thank you, Rajeev and good morning, everyone. So two years ago this month, we announced the merger of L3 and Harris. And thanks to the hard work and perseverance of our employees, we've been able to deliver results consistent with or better than expectations, despite market volatility and unforeseen obstacles like COVID. Their efforts have led to another strong quarter and put us in a position to raise our 2020 guidance. The mitigation plans we implemented earlier in the year to manage COVID-19 have proven effective in keeping our employees safe and our facilities open and will remain in place for the foreseeable future. We also continue to support our supply chain through accelerated payments, totaling over $200 million in the quarter and nearly $0.5 billion year-to-date and we expect these advances will continue in the fourth quarter. Earlier today, we reported third quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.84, up a solid 10%. Company margins expanded 60 basis points to 17.9% on organic revenue growth of 4.5% and adjusted free cash flow was $726 million. Our core U.S. and international government businesses were up over 7% including double-digit growth internationally, partially offset by COVID-related impacts on our commercial businesses that were down largely in line with expectations. With another quarter of strong execution on our under our belt, we're improving our outlook for the year and increasing margins, earnings per share and free cash flow to the upper end of the prior range, while narrowing organic revenue growth to the prior midpoint of approximately 4%. It's worth noting that despite the pandemic headwinds, we're back to the midpoint of our initial 2020 earnings per share guide, a testament to the benefits of the merger and our earnings power. Integration activity continued to progress well. And then in the quarter we delivered net cost synergies of $50 million, bringing year-to-date savings to $165 million and well on track to meet our $185 million target this year. At this rate, we'll exit the year with $250 million in net cumulative savings, which positions us to deliver at least $300 million net in 2021, a year ahead of schedule. Our E3 operational excellence program continues to mature and become institutionalized and alongside cost synergies was a key driver of the 60 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter and 130 basis points year-to-date. With our strong performance to date, we're increasing our margin guidance to approximately 17.75% for the year, a 100 basis point improvement from 2019 and a solid base to build on over the medium term. As we look beyond 2020, we see three primary building blocks supporting mid-single-digit top line growth. First, we have a portfolio that is well aligned with national security priorities irrespective of the outcome of the elections. Our broad C5ISR capabilities are essential elements encountering the near-peer threats identified in the National Defense Strategy: resilient communications, open architecture command and control, offensive and defensive cyber and ISR across all spectrums electro optical, infrared, hyperspectral, RF, sonar; and all forms of intelligence, signals, comms, electronic and image. We have leadership positions in many of these areas and operate in all domains. And we've realigned our R&D efforts to extend our position through investments in open architecture, multifunction, software-defined technologies. The security threats are real and we anticipate that future defense budgets will continue to prioritize spending in these areas where we're well positioned and we're investing. Second, we uniquely benefit from the revenue synergy opportunities created in a merger of two complementary companies that expanded our addressable market. This quarter we received an additional 12 revenue synergy awards bringing the total down selected proposals to 25 out of 37 for a cumulative value of over $300 million, an initial down payment on our multi-billion dollar pipeline. Two recent wins worth highlighting are the Space Development Agency's tracking layer, which leveraged legacy Harris' strength in space payloads and integration with L3's onboard space avionics solutions. The other is SAFE-SiM, a DARPA program to simulate and train for future multi-domain battle that addresses the challenge of secured data sharing of highly classified sensors. And third, we see upside in international which at about 20% of revenue is underrepresented versus peers. With a now larger international footprint, we can better leverage our scale and extensive sales channels and capitalize on our domestic position to support global modernization efforts and extend our ISR leadership in the airborne, land and maritime domains. And as seen with recent awards this quarter to deliver missionized aircraft to both Canada and the Royal Australian Air Force, we're making progress. Our top-line and margin opportunities along with our discipline around working capital and CapEx support our free cash flow potential as well as our ability to return capital to shareholders. We're off to a good start to-date and now expect to deliver free cash flow of approximately $2.65 billion to $2.7 billion for the year at the top end of our prior guidance. This performance coupled with divestiture proceeds has enabled us to return over $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders in the third quarter, which put share repurchases to-date at $1.85 billion ahead of our full year 2020 commitment of $1.7 billion. For the full year, we now expect share repurchases to be about $2.2 billion, a pace we plan to sustain through next year. On portfolio reshaping, we're about one-third of the way through our bottoms-up target of divesting 8% to 10% of revenues and activity continues to be robust. Our criteria and strategy haven't changed as a result of recent events. We continue to be patient and persistent as we look to maximize value. And as previously stated, we will announce divestitures as they occur with proceeds primarily used for capital returns. So overall, we're executing well despite the uncertain times. And with our unique revenue, margin and cash opportunities we remain focused on delivering double-digit earnings and free cash flow per share. So with that, I'll turn it over to Chris to discuss segment results. Chris?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Bill and good morning, everyone. Let's go to slide 5. Integrated Mission Systems revenue increased 6.2% primarily from growth in our Maritime business as recently awarded manned and classified programs began to ramp up along with growth from our ISR business driven by strength in aircraft missionization. The modest decline in our Electro Optical business was due to timing of deliveries. Operating income was up 21% and margins expanded 190 basis points to 15.5% from operational excellence and integration benefits, partially offset by higher R&D investments. Order momentum at IMS was broad-based with particular strength in Maritime resulting in a segment funded book-to-bill of 1.08 for the quarter and 1.22 year-to-date. Our Maritime business continued to build out its pipeline of opportunities following the Medium Unmanned Surface Vehicle award. Additionally, the team finalized its position on the largest -- as the largest subcontractor on the U.S. Navy's frigate program. We're playing a key role as a mission solutions provider for electrical propulsion and navigation systems. The current 10-ship contract could exceed $300 million if all options are exercised. In addition, the Department of Defense recently reported its long-range plan to significantly expand the U.S. Navy's manned and unmanned ship count to over 500 with the greatest increase planned for unmanned vessels. With our experience and capabilities in both platform types, we are well-positioned to support the Navy's growth. Turning to Space and Airborne Systems. Organic revenue increased 6.8%. Growth in our Avionics business was driven by the production and modernization ramp on the F-35 and increased classified work at Intel and Cyber. These were somewhat offset by program timing in the Space and Electronic Warfare businesses, which based on recent awards including the F-18 IDECM contract position us for growth in the coming quarters. Segment operating income was flat and margins contracted 110 basis points to 18.5% as integration benefits and operational excellence were more than offset by program mix from recent wins. Overall funded book-to-bill was 1.04 for the quarter and 1.05 year-to-date with key awards received in our Space, Avionics and Electronic Warfare businesses. As Bill highlighted, our Space business was one of two awardees for a contract with the Space Development Agency to develop and integrate an end-to-end system of four satellites where we are providing both the bus and mission payload validating our space strategy to become a mission solutions prime. This system will provide warning and tracking of advanced threats including hypersonic missiles. The initial satellites will be launched within the next 24 months and support the tracking layer of the DoD's missile defense network in space. Once fully operational, there could be a demand for many more satellites with the value well into the billions leading to the next space-based franchise for our company. We expect to build on these opportunities in the near to medium-term with a space pipeline of over $10 billion in opportunities. Next, Communication Systems organic revenue was up 6.7% for the quarter driven by tactical growth in the mid-teens, which included international growth of about 20%. The Middle East, Europe and Asia Pacific provided most of that growth. Both DoD tactical and integrated vision systems benefited from continued modernization demand. This strength was partially offset by our public safety business due to COVID-19, which was down consistent with expectations in the mid-teens. Segment operating income was up 17% and margins expanded 230 basis points to 25% from operational excellence integration benefits and cost management. Funded book-to-bill was about 1.0 for the quarter and 0.94 year-to-date and was particularly strong in tactical communications at over 1.1 for the quarter. This was driven by an initial full-rate production award on the U.S. SOCOM's multichannel manpack program as part of the $255 million sole-sourced IDIQ, an important milestone for this multiyear modernization strategy. We also saw healthy activity on the international front including customers in the Middle East where we continue to build out our installed base and identify new opportunities. Lastly, Aviation Systems organic revenue decreased 4.1% as the anticipated COVID-19-related impacts in commercial aviation were partially offset by consistent strong performance in Defense Aviation Products, which was up high teens; and Mission Networks, which was up mid-single digits. Operating income was down 19% with most of the decline resulting from divestitures while margins contracted 40 basis points to 13% as integration benefits operational efficiencies and cost management were more than offset by COVID-19 related market headwinds in commercial aviation. Third quarter funded book-to-bill was 0.94, following strong first half orders resulting in a year-to-date funded book-to-bill of 1.08. Award activity was notable on several ground vehicle programs from the DoD and international customers for our power and propulsion systems, which totaled approximately $150 million. In addition, we recently announced that we're a partner with Northrop on the U.S. Air Force's GBSD program for operations and maintenance training systems, highlighting continued progress with next-generation programs and platforms. Now over to Jay, who will discuss the financials in more detail as well as our guidance. 
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a quick recap of third quarter results and then shift over to our updated outlook. In the quarter, organic revenue was up 4.4% and margins expanded 60 basis points to 17.9% as the benefit from synergies more than offset higher R&D investment. Earnings per share grew 10% or $0.26 as shown on slide 9. Of this growth synergies and operations contributed $0.24 along with a lower share count for $0.13, which more than offset headwinds from divestitures and pandemic impacted end markets. Free cash flow for the quarter was $726 million and we ended the quarter with 55 working capital days, holding the strong first half improvement of seven days. With year-to-date organic revenue growth just over 4% and margins of 17.9% along with a 5% higher backlog, L3Harris is set up well to close the year. So let's turn to slide 10 to cover our updated outlook. Organic revenue is now anticipated to be approximately up 4% or at the midpoint of our prior range with the top line trending largely as expected. Our core U.S. government businesses continue to perform well, up about 7% year-to-date and driven by DoD tactical radios, maritime, mission avionics and classified growth at intel and cyber, and defense aviation products. On the international side, the business returned to growth in the third quarter up double digits, which sets up for a flattish year or better supported by ISR and international tactical radios. And finally this guidance reflects about a two-point impact from our commercial businesses due to the pandemic in the range of our initial assessment. Shifting to margins, we've revised our outlook to approximately 17.75%, a 25 basis point increase versus our prior expectation from better cost performance and mitigation of COVID impacts. On EPS we are raising our full year to approximately $11.55 at the top end of our previous range and consistent with the midpoint set at the beginning of the year. As shown on slide 11, the increase of $0.20 from the prior midpoint is primarily driven by $0.13 of improvement in operations including our mitigation efforts plus $0.07 between a lower share count and other items. Moving to free cash flow, we now plan to deliver approximately $2.65 billion to $2.7 billion or the upper end of our prior guidance driven by higher net income and CapEx discipline. This keeps us on track to deliver our 2022 free cash flow target of $3 billion and double-digit annual growth on a per-share basis. On capital returns, we returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders in the third quarter with $1.15 billion of share repurchases and 175 -- $179 million in dividends. Year-to-date, total buybacks were $1.85 billion ahead of our prior target of $1.7 billion for the year. With an elevated cash position and solid cash generation anticipated in the fourth quarter, we now expect share buybacks for the year to be around $2.2 billion. And we expect to continue our shareholder-friendly capital framework into 2021, as we normalize our cash balance generate healthy cash flow and continue shaping our portfolio. Now switching to our segment outlook. In Integrated Mission Systems, we now anticipate revenues up approximately 6% for the year from the prior range of up 5.5% to 7%, driven by growth in ISR and Maritime. Segment margin is now expected to be about 15%, up 150 basis points versus the prior guidance driven by solid program performance and cost management. At Space and Airborne Systems, we're now guiding to organic revenue growth of approximately 7% within the previous range of up 6% to 7.5%, as higher F-35 revenues continue to drive Mission Avionics. Segment margin guidance remains unchanged at approximately 18.75%. In Communication Systems, organic revenue growth is expected to be approximately 4% and within the prior range of up 3.5% to 5%, mainly driven by modernization strength in DoD tactical radios. Segment margins are now expected to be about 24% a 25 basis point increase from our prior guidance, primarily from mix related to our Tactical business and cost management. And lastly, in Aviation Systems, we now anticipate revenues to be down approximately 3% on an organic basis versus our prior range of down 1% to 5% consistent with our prior estimates in the commercial aero business, partially offset by double-digit growth on the defense side from classified and other programs. Segment margin guidance remains unchanged at 13.25% reflecting the timely and decisive actions to mitigate commercial aero headwinds. So overall, we delivered solid performance in the quarter and year-to-date and now expect to deliver results consistent with our original EPS and free cash flow guidance set back in February. Before wrapping up, I'd like to briefly touch on our outlook post 2020. We'll provide 2021 guidance as we typically do with fourth quarter results. Though note we remain confident in our framework of annual double-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow per share, as the building blocks remain the same: mid single-digit top line growth, steady to rising margins, working capital and CapEx discipline and returning our free cash flow to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. With that I'll ask the operator to open up the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Mike [ph] Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: Thanks. Good morning everybody. You increased the repurchase effort by $0.5 billion directionally closer to sort of your pre-COVID capital return level of $3.5 billion, but not quite there yet. I'm just curious, is there anything that would hold you back from going that much higher? And then more philosophically, Bill or Chris, as you look at capital returns through dividends and repurchase, do you have more headroom here to maybe push the dividends a little bit harder? And do you think that would be more appealing to investors? Thanks.
Bill Brown: So Myles, I'll start on the second one and maybe I'll ask Jay to come back on the first one on the buyback. Look on capital returns, we -- the philosophy really is 100% of our free cash flow coming back to owners in repurchases or dividends and we see that through next year. We've been leaning pretty heavily into share buybacks and Jay will talk in a minute about our philosophy there. Based on our share price, we think that that's a good value. We do see our dividend with some room to move up. We've been up about 25% in our dividend rate since close. We had raised it twice once at close and once at the beginning of this year. But at about 28% of our free cash flow being paid out, it's below the bottom end of our range. And we'll expect to take a hard look at that early next year and probably lean a little bit heavier into our dividend. But broadly, all of our cash will come back to owners plus divestiture proceeds through at least next year. Jay, you want to talk about the buyback?
Jay Malave: Sure. Myles in the third quarter, we increased a little bit relative to the proceeds about $150 million. If you just do the math, I would say $350 million here in Q4. You can back into our free cash flow for the fourth quarter. And with the dividends we're approaching kind of the framework that Bill just mentioned as far as returning free cash flow to shareholders. Yes, there could be a little bit more room there. I mean our balance is elevated with $1.3 billion at the end of September. Given where we are with the guidance we just gave you, we would expect the balance to continue to remain elevated in December. And so there could be opportunity there. We're also evaluating other items which could include some pension contributions but -- so we're leaving our optionality open a little bit. But if it doesn't happen in this quarter then it would carry over into next year. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Ms. Kahyaoglu, I'm showing its muted, you're live for question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi, sorry about that. Thank you guys for the question and good morning. I wanted to ask about just integration activity. Clearly, it's been performing really well and EBIT was up $32 million in the quarter. But ex-synergies, your incrementals were about flat. And then the implied incremental for 2021, ex-synergies is 20%. So, how are you thinking about maybe incrementals going forward outside of synergies? And what changes with mix going forward? Thank you.
Jay Malave: So, Sheila it's a great question. If you think about it maybe in kind of a little bit bigger picture, we end the year this year we'll be at 17.75% for the year around that ballpark. We do have incremental synergies next year $50 million. That equates to anywhere around 25, 30 basis points of expansion. Our core E3 productivity is obviously going to be a driver for us, but we do have some mixed headwinds that we'll be dealing with and we deal with that every year. And so our intent always is to drive more than the mix headwinds. But I think for now right now as we're continuing to go through the planning offsetting one for one is where we stand at the moment. The only thing I'll say is that we will see a little bit of a headwind in Q1 because of the -- just the roll-through of the commercial the pandemic-related impacts roll through the four quarters. And so that will put a little bit of pressure on Q1 which will also have an impact obviously on the full year. But having said that I think mix is something we just have to keep an eye on, but our core E3 productivity is intended to offset that on a kind of run rate basis and drive. Once we get beyond the synergy period in the integration period, our core E3 operating excellence program will continue to be a driver of margins for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Kristine Liwag: Hey good morning everyone. Bill and Chris what drove your narrower 2020 revenue outlook? And I know it's still too early to talk 2021, but how much of your expected 2021 revenue is already in the backlog versus what you need to go out and win? 
Bill Brown: So, right now as you'll see in the Q, our funded and unfunded backlog at the end of Q3 was about $20 billion. And you'll note there about two-thirds of it 65% rolls out through calendar 2021. So, we think that that part of our business is pretty solid. We've got a very good pipeline $69 billion. It's come up over the last quarter. It's come up about 8% or 10% since the beginning of the year. So, it continues to grow be very robust. And as we look into next year and to Jay's points about mid-single-digit growth we see good solid growth in our core U.S. government businesses. You've heard a couple of our peers talk about low to mid-single-digit growth there. We will add on top of that with revenue synergies that we've talked quite a bit about. We see international growing. It's a growth business for us here in the back half. Book-to-bill was very good. The pipeline is really strong internationally. We see that being a contributor into next year. And certainly as Jay just mentioned about commercial, it will be a little bit of a headwind until we lap one year on COVID. But the other dimensions will be pretty strong going to next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Maybe two areas following up there to talk about growth. One is in space. I know Chris you mentioned a lot of the opportunities there. Is there a point in which we should see the -- maybe the book-to-bill step up even further and the backlog start to grow a little bit more? And then Bill you just mentioned the international opportunities. Are those principally on the tactical radio side, or are they across IMS or avionics or other areas? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Hey good morning Seth. I'll take a first shot at both of those. Yes, so in space, we're going to be seeing the book-to-bill increase. We talked about some of the key wins we had here in the third quarter. We talked about our strategy to be a mission solutions prime and it's really taken traction here. The SDA win was a big one. There are some opportunities coming down the pipe in the fourth quarter. A fair amount of them are in the classified world but you'll be able to see that in the quarters ahead. As Bill said on the international side, we do have a strong pipeline a good book-to-bill. The tactical radios are going to grow. That represents about 20% to 25% of our international revenue. We're really seeing it across the board. The ISR platforms are doing well with the aircraft missionization and of course the Maritime business. So it's pretty well spread out across the portfolio and the domains.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Good morning. Thanks and congrats on the SDA win. Guys I was hoping you could elaborate on the revenue synergy opportunity. The SDA win seems like that was -- that kind of establishes a new franchise for you guys. Are there other kind of new franchise-setting opportunities within that pipeline that you could maybe elaborate on, so we could think about growth beyond 2021 as well? And would you be willing to opine on where you think the topline will shake out in terms of growth rate in '22?
Bill Brown: Well, first on '22 it's a little bit further out in the future, but I might -- maybe answer the first part of the question as Chris thinks about if he wants to give any guidance on '22. But we're making really good progress on the revenue synergies. And I think this has been a pleasant surprise to all of us in terms of the pace and magnitude of getting that revenue opportunity. I think, it points to the strategic rationale of the combination and the complementary nature of the technology that we're working on. So again, we're about 80 proposals that have been submitted. It's come up from Q3. We're winning quite a few of them. 25 out of 37 is pretty healthy with $300 million of awards. We talked about a couple of these are some of the -- certainly the SDA win is one of the bigger ones. But generally speaking, they're going to be in the space domain electronic warfare, some in maritime. And there's quite a lot that's happening in the classified domain. As we said over multiple calls, one of the things that was unique here is, as we put our companies together, we got a lot of input and feedback from our classified customers, who really see across our portfolio and across other missions across other companies and really giving us strong guidance as to where there might be opportunities to combine capabilities within L3Harris. And the team has worked very hard to put together some compelling proposals and we continue to win. So, it's modest growth this year. It will start to grow next year and be a good contributor in 2021 and certainly more beyond that. It will grow to hundreds of millions over the next year or two which I think is a very positive sign for not just winning them, but actually seeing them come through in revenue opportunity. So, I'm really, really pleased here Gautam on sort of the revenue synergy. I don't know Chris maybe answer the question on '22 if you want to take a stab at that one.
Chris Kubasik: Absolutely. No, I agree with Bill we're really outperforming here on the revenue synergy. And over time and probably by 2022, the business development pursuits and as the business integrates, these things are really going to be merging and part of our overall strategy. So, I'm thinking by the time we get to '22, '23, I'm not sure we're going to be calling these out. What it is going to do is give us higher confidence in our growth rate that we've already talked about. So, I'm looking for good opportunities and year-over-year growth improvement relative to revenue synergies. But over time, it's just going to be merged and part of our normal processes.
Bill Brown: And I think Jay's comment about the mid-single-digit framework kind of expand -- spans a bit more than one year. Thank you, Gautam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. Bill, I get this question a lot from investors so I thought I'd give it to you. There's this perception that your portfolio is shorter cycle than your peer group. I guess how much of your portfolio do you view as short cycle converting from backlog into sales I guess within 12 to 18 months? And do you view your portfolio as shorter cycle and I guess more at risk than your peer group to lower budgets? Thanks.
Bill Brown: So David thanks for the question. Look, as I mentioned earlier about two-thirds of our backlog coming out of Q3 what you'll see in the Q is around 20 -- a little over $20 billion funded and unfunded rolls out over the next year. And what I've seen over time is it's hard to compare our portfolio sort of short long cycle versus peers. But certainly, it has lengthened over the last several years as some of the programs that we worked on specifically in tactical radios have moved from sort of book and ship, a quick turn to replenish spares or radios in Iraq and Afghanistan to now being fundamental long-term programs of record which a lot more -- longer visibility in terms of the buying pattern the spending outlook. So, we certainly see our portfolio being longer term than we were several years ago. And certainly, combining with L3, I think puts us in that position as well. So again, I think our portfolio is very sound. It's robust. We're well positioned to grow into next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please proceed with your question.
Pete Skibitski: Hey good morning guys. Bill, can you maybe talk at a high level about these new concepts as ABMS and JADC2? I think you have some bids in there and they seem pretty well supported in DoD. I just wondered, if you can maybe size the opportunity set for you there. It's still a little nebulous. And maybe talk about timing just maybe level set us on your expectations?
Bill Brown: So Pete, it's a very good question. Look, you know what -- and I took some pains in my comments to talk about the broad set of C5ISR capability we've had across the company. And when you break down C5 and ISR into its components and domains different sensing technologies, we've got a very strong position across all of them, all of which are essential in enabling this JADC2 or Joint All-Domain Command and Control vision of the future. We're a strong player there. I think on ABMS we've -- lots of players on the IDIQ, but we are across all seven business areas which is somewhat unique. We had content on Project Convergence which is sort of the Army version of that in partnership with the Air Force. We had a lot of content there and we'll hope to see more as it gets into the next version of it next year. We're very strong in maritime and distributed maritime operations. So we believe this is a strength of ours. We've got very strong capabilities in comms resilient communications which is developing very strong resilient wave forms. L3 was -- had a strength there. We had certainly a strength there, very strong ISR. So to me we're right in the middle of this. And I think it's fundamental that JADC2 or that vision that concept is going to be required in a near-peer competition. It's going to be more about the capabilities on platforms and how they inter-operate as opposed to the platforms themselves. And when I think about this powerhouse that we've created here at L3Harris, Pete I think we're right going to be in the middle of it. It will grow over time. There's funding there and we're confident that's going to be a driver for the company over time. It's hard to size it today, but we believe it's going to be pretty important Pete. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global. Please proceed.
Richard Safran: Good morning everybody. How are you doing?
Bill Brown: Good morning Richard.
Richard Safran: Just a very quick question here on R&D, I wanted to ask you about your opening remarks on research and development. Given the number of wins and the fact that your win rate has been increasing in your remarks, I want to know how you're thinking about R&D longer term, if you think it could be ratcheted back a bit? Do you need to spend more R&D to support the increasing win rate on programs, or are you really just about the right level right now? 
Bill Brown: Hey Richard thanks for the question. I think you're hitting on a very important topic and that is the power of the IRAD that we spend and the work that's happened over the last five quarters. We're spending in the 3.6% 3.8% of our revenue in that range. We think it's sized well. And I think more importantly what the team has done is worked very hard over the last five quarters to make sure, it's spent on the best highest-value highest-return opportunities and focusing that spear we call IRAD.  We've reduced the number of projects by about 30%. We moved about 10% of the dollars around to really be placed on the technology the areas that we think will have the best returns or aligned to revenue opportunities, revenue synergies. And the second element of it is making -- not just putting the -- making sure we're spending on the right projects, but also doing it efficiently. So we've got good opportunities to drive operational excellence skills into the way we develop products. We're pushing hard on digital engineering on DevOps and a lot of our work is software development. There's lots of ways to improve the effectiveness of our R&D spend. And to me this is going to be a very powerful driver of growth in the future. I don't see it stepping up materially from where we're at. I think it's at a good amount. It will come up with revenue in the terms of a dollar perspective, but I think we're spending a healthy amount on R&D. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Doug Harned with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: Good morning. I want to go back really to the budget here. When you look across the portfolio, I'm trying to understand how your businesses are affected by end strength and forward-deployed end strength. And changes really aren't in the plans right now. It's in terms of at least basic number of let's say army troops. But we're about to have an election. So if we were to see military personnel reduced in the coming years how would that affect you? And I'd ask the same thing for changes in forward-deployed troops such as movement in troops out of Afghanistan Iraq or elsewhere. So when you look across the businesses how are you tied to those levels? 
Bill Brown: So Doug I'll start here maybe going to ask Chris to jump in. I don't think we're going to be much affected by redeployment of overseas troops back onshore. I don't think that's going to be a big driver of growth either a top headwind or a tailwind. On end strength it would come back to things like businesses like night vision goggle or radios where those are distributed out to individual soldiers. But frankly we're on the front end of a modernization ramp, even through the next five years. We're not even 40% through the modernization ramp in -- with radio. So even if end strength comes down as I expect it likely will, I don't think it's going to affect the growth rate in our radio business. I think you are so far underpenetrated with new technology both night vision, as well as radios that we still see good growth opportunities there. So if anything reduced end strength might actually free up some dollars to be put onto modernization investments that really affect a broad part of our business. I don't know if Chris you wanted to add to that? 
Chris Kubasik: Yes. And if there is a reduction in the forward-deployed troops, I mean you look at the rest of the portfolio Doug and situational awareness is going to be critical. So you look at the ISR assets that we have both in space and air and the need as Bill talked about for the multi-domain comms. It strengthens the rest of the portfolio. So I look at it as kind of a net-net push or maybe a slight positive when you look across all four segments. And the same theory applies internationally. There's just a lot of need for communications and situational awareness. So our ISR capabilities both in space, air, land and maritime are well positioned.
Doug Harned: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everyone.
Bill Brown: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Hey, guys. So kind of every quarter since the merger we sort of all get on these earnings calls and question you on the sustainability of your growth rate and ask about short cycle and the O&M exposure. And I think those are sensible questions and you guys provide decent answers to those that have some conservatism, but are mostly qualitative in nature. And after every one of those conversations the stock just de-rates moving sideways, while you're performing well and the numbers are going up. And so, I guess, I wonder how much are you all talking about that internally in terms of a different way to start from scratch and reframe this for investors? I mean, you talk about the handful of franchises you have. The defense budget is broken down into a handful of franchises. Is there a way to sort of while still giving detail like super simplify this so that people can see on a legit three to five-year basis you really can keep growing mid single-digits? Because otherwise it just feels like we're just sort of circling back to the same things every quarter. I don't know. I mean maybe there's no good answer to that and you just have to keep performing and the stock eventually matches to the numbers. But I was pretty curious if you guys talk about that or think about that internally and if you could share any thoughts with us.
Bill Brown: Well, yes, go ahead.
Jay Malave: Well, no, I think, I'd comment some of the new awards that we talked about. Just I think it demonstrates and is illustrative of our positioning for the modernization trends that we're seeing going forward. And so while people may want to focus on O&M budgets and historical tactical radios, the new awards that we're winning are really positioning us well for the trends that we're seeing in terms of defense priority spending. And so I think you should as Bill mentioned think about our portfolio and our revenue potential more in that broader context. And that's what gives us confidence in our mid single-digit growth over and we're seeing this in our new awards right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Hey, good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Bill you've mentioned defense exports a couple of times this morning. And I think earlier this year you were suggesting this area could be a bit slower, but that doesn't seem to have happened. So wondered if you could comment on what changed there. And also looking forward and maybe to follow on Noah's question how big could defense exports be as a percentage of sales going forward?
Bill Brown: So, yeah, as we talked earlier this year right after I think it was Q1 maybe Q2 as we looked at the international business we saw it being more flattish for the year. We saw the first half being down a little bit the back half growing and being about flat for the year. Q3 came in strong like we had expected it would a little bit better than we had thought. So it could be up a little bit, so flat to up low single-digits internationally, so a little better than we saw a couple of months ago. International tactical has come in almost exactly as we had expected. You could see the numbers up 21% in the third quarter. We expect the fourth quarter up a similar amount. So we see good recovery in that business. A lot of it is Middle East, Europe, Asia-Pacific mostly Australia and New Zealand. So, there's pretty good growth in tactical. And we've got a nice pipeline of opportunities. I think the number is about $20 billion of international opportunities. The book-to-bill year-to-date is over 1 about 1.06 or so. We see the fourth quarter looking -- shaping up to be pretty sizable in terms of book-to-bill looks pretty good. About $3 billion of those proposals that are out there of our pipeline is in proposal. So it's actually getting to be more nearer term. So it's looking a little bit more encouraging than we thought just a couple of months ago. I think Chris and the team are putting a lot of focus on this. We have resources in place going after 10 focused countries and we're starting to turn the corner. So we're at 20% roughly in terms of our revenue. We expect it's going to grow several points over the next number of years. I don't know Chris if you want to state a goal there but it's going to come up from where we are because it's underrepresented in our portfolio today.
Chris Kubasik : Yeah. I think ultimately the next target would be closer to the 25% of revenue over the several years. And what I like about our company is the portfolio and the demand for our products. And when you export there's always a focus on offensive versus defensive products especially as administrations look at approving these exports. And when you look at our ISR capabilities, the maritime capabilities the radio to comms, those are generally easier to export and approve regardless of which administration is running the country. So I think that gives us a lot of confidence. And we've been able to stay in touch with our customers. We have executives forward deployed full time in the focus countries. And all of us have been using new technology to call Zoom and stay in touch with our customers really on a weekly basis, and that's working well. We're negotiating contracts via Zoom and continuing to keep the business running. So, very optimistic on international. 
Robert Stallard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Yeah. Good morning, Bill. Nice results. Bill, I guess on the working capital you've given us a lot of details. Just kind of a clarification is the seven-day improvement year-to-date the number? And is that a good kind of I guess pacing item as we think about your goal to get to the low 40s as we think about next year and into 2022 to hit that kind of $3 billion free cash flow target? Thanks.
Bill Brown: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Yeah, so seven days year-to-date it's about 13 days operationally since the close. So we put out our divestitures and purchase accounting. We will see towards the back end of the year. We'll probably stay right on 55 days. So, you won't see seven-days improvement over three quarters as the continued pace into the future. We see the 55 dropping below 50 over the next couple of years three to four days per year. That gets us to the $3 billion goal in calendar 2022. We still see an opportunity to get down to the low 40s or about 40 days. Certainly, that's where legacy Harris was. We've seen our peers at that point. So even after calendar 2022 47, 48 days we see opportunity to continue to prove working capital beyond that. As I said last time and we've talked about this a number of times a lot of it is going to be on inventory. So we've got a lot of opportunity here. We know where it's at. We've got 10 businesses that we're really focused on that drive 75% of our working capital six with more than 75 days. So we know where we're focused. We're driving it hard. We review these every single week. And you can see the progress and trajectory that we happen to be on. So, again, about three to four days a year beyond calendar 2020.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Raviv: Good morning. Thank you. I know you talked a lot about margin going above 18% with the synergy drop-through offsetting the mix. I think there's been some conversation over the last month or so about a long-term opportunity for 20% margin. What's your perspective on how you get there? Is it all in your control, or do you need some customer behavior to change? And then also, if we're going to get there is it linear, or could there something – could something big pop up in a given year such that you have to make a big investment margin could step back for a year or two and then kind of hitting that margin expansion growth trajectory again? So more of a long-term question there around margin? Thank you.
Bill Brown: Hey, John, look it's a good question. I mean I think we're really performing better than we had expected on margins even through this year. Keep in mind, we started the year I think guiding to 17% to 17.5%. And now, today it's 17.75%. So in an era of COVID, which actually dinged us about 40 basis points this year, so we're performing very, very well. It comes through the synergy drop-through. It comes through operational excellence, which is maturing at a fast clip. Jay has talked about 18% or so next year. He gave you some of the drivers. Will it go up beyond that? It will likely move up. I don't know if and when it will hit 20%. I think the key thing to be thinking about is we got to make sure that we're leaning in to go after and drive revenue growth capturing some opportunities, which might have a near-term short-term impact on margins, but long term be good businesses for the overall enterprise. We got to make sure we continue to invest at the level required to grow the business on a long-term basis. Anyone could easily pull back investment like IRAD, and drive margin up in the near term, but be detrimental on long-term value for the owners. I think you have to work the pedals here, and I think we do this very, very effectively. So we can't commit to something beyond next year, but we will commit to continue to work the agenda to drive hard on technology investments which drive differentiation and good cost management lean productivity across the whole company. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed with your question.
George Shapiro: Yes. I wanted to know, what's the progress payment benefits you've gotten this year, and then how much benefit from payroll deferral. And is that inhibiting getting to the $3 billion of free cash flow next year? I'm assuming, CapEx probably is no higher next year than what you're saying this year? Thanks.
Jay Malave: Sure George. Thanks. The progress payment benefit this year is in the range of say around close to $100 million in that ballpark maybe a little bit lower than that. That one, we basically have offset with small supplier payments. And so it's just one for one as it's come in. We really pushed supplier payments out. On the payroll tax benefit, that's kind of $150 million plus in that ballpark, similar type of effort. We've kind of put a placeholder there to support supply chain there as well. That as you know, will be paid back over two years 2021 and 2022. But I would say, as it relates to kind of longer-term targets and our $3 billion target, there's a number of puts and takes. There's risks and opportunities. We've got that factored in. We feel good about our ability to generate continued working capital improvement and we don't see that getting in the way of us getting to $3 billion in 2022. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Epstein: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning, Ron.
Ron Epstein: Bill, just following up on one of your earlier comments. You gave us some color on the growth in classified. Can you give us more detail on that? And you mentioned that that's a big area for synergies. I mean, -- and then I realize it's classified, right? So it's difficult. But can you give us some more feel around that? And then also how many more opportunities are there out there? Can you share the growth profile? And what percentage of the overall business is classified today?
Bill Brown: Okay. So let me hit on a couple of points there, Ron. But you're right a lot of it's classified in terms of its nature. But it's about 20% of our total company revenue is classified. And as you know, the classified budgets both military and national intelligence programs. Those budgets have come up over the last five or six years. They're at a very healthy level. And that does offer some cushion, if you will, as you go into the next several years. If there's more pressure on the non-classified DoD budget, money tends to move and be well supported in the classified domain. And even the elements of that of what's in the classified budget, which is around $85 billion plus or minus between military and national intelligence programs, the elements are actually moving in a direction, which we believe supports a lot of the investments we've made. So, a lot of we focus on is in the space domain, various new technologies for optics RF systems, driving to larger constellations from prototypes running a full end-to-end mission solution. I think what's an interesting element of this is, historically, a lot of the space domain was dominated by the intelligence community. But, because of the lower cost faster time to market, more onboard processing of our small satellites, it's opening up new markets within the DoD. So the addressable base for us is actually expanding, and that's helping us quite a bit. So it's really on the space domain, but there's plenty of other classified opportunities on the land in Maritime domains as well. We've got a strong position really across all of them. So it's hard to shape them, but it gets back to the comment I made on the strength of C5ISR. And a lot of the things that we do in the classified domain leverage off of that, we hone technologies advanced technologies, and then you can leverage that benefit into the non-class environment. And that's been a strategy of the company for a number of years Ron, and I think it's worked pretty well. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Spingarn: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for squeezing me in. So, Bill, just following up on that. It seems like the competitive landscape for some of your work is changing a bit. There are some public companies in government services that are increasingly moving into comms and EW. And then you have some private companies, especially out on the West Coast like Anduril and UAVs and SpaceX and smallsats. And the Air Force is also encouraging new contractor formation, business formation. So, ultimately would you accept the premise the competitive landscape is changing? How do you negotiate this in a potentially flattening budget? And how much will M&A factor in?
Bill Brown: Rob, it's a very, very good question. So the landscape is changing. We are seeing greater penetration of some of the Western companies Silicon Valley companies, SpaceX you mentioned. As you know, they were one of the awardees of the SDA tracking layer. We could follow what they've done in commercial launch and with Starlink and other things. So they're playing more. There's a number of other companies. You mentioned a few of them. There are some more typical government contractors who are looking to expand what they do into -- from services to other components. So, the market is moving around and we get it. The way we stay ahead is basically running our strategy, running our game which is really strong investments and performance in R&D and technology moving quickly. There's really nobody that's put up a smallsat with the capability we had and the time frame we've done it just in the last couple of years. And I think that's the way we stay ahead. We continue to drive cost out drive operational excellence, improve quality and meet our program objectives. And I think if we do that and we continue to accelerate the pace at which we can execute on our programs and technologies we're going to stay ahead. I think that's what we need to do. Will M&A play a role in that? Maybe over time. Right now, we're focused on integration our portfolio shaping. But as you go out in time, there could be pieces of other companies or things on the market that could become available to fill a gap in our portfolio. We don't see that today but that's very positive. In fact, it's probably likely it's going to happen over time. But today, we're focused on running our game, and I think that's been an effective strategy. So, Rob thanks for the question. It was very good. I really appreciate that.
Bill Brown: Let me just wrap up from here. And I want to thank again the L3Harris team. They've done a fantastic job of staying focused to meeting our customer commitments. They work very, very hard, and that hard work has led to another quarter of very strong results. We're well positioned coming into next -- into the year-end and into the coming years. And I look forward to our next update. Thank you very much everybody for joining us today. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies Second Quarter Calendar Year 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today are Bill Brown, our CEO; Chris Kubasik, our COO; and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumption, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see our press release, presentation and our SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website which is l3harris.com where a replay of this call will also be available. And to aid with year-over-year comparability, following the L3Harris merger, prior-year results will be on a pro forma basis. With that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Rajeev and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking L3Harris employees for their hard work and dedication of over the last several months. The pandemic has challenged us all to find new ways of working effectively. And our team has responded well to ensure we continue to meet the mission critical needs of our customers even as the virus spreads across southern states, where we have a large presence. And as the environment evolves, the health and safety of our employees will remain our top priority. All of our facilities are up and running and adhering to well-established protocols such as daily health screenings, face coverings, social distancing and adjusted work schedules. Our work from home policy remains in place for about half our workforce. And we are prepared to operate under these conditions over the coming quarters. We continue to pay close attention to our supply base and monitor our risk position daily and we've successfully implemented mitigation plans where needed, including developing alternative sourcing, providing on-site assistance and working with local authorities to secure closure exemptions. In addition, we accelerated nearly $250 million in supplier payments within the quarter and we plan to continue that support through year end. We're also doing our fair share to support our communities' health care workers and first responders through the pandemic. And we continue to hire aggressively to meet our growth needs, adding about 3,000# employees through June and bringing on board our largest cohort of interns and new college grads ever. Chris and Jay will walk through the details in a minute but as you saw earlier today we reported second quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.83, up a solid 13% against a tough backdrop. Company margins increased 150 basis points to 18.2% and adjusted free cash flow was $785 million, all above expectations. Reported revenue was flat but adjusted for divestitures was up about 2.5% as strong 8% growth in our core U.S. government-related businesses more than offset a modest decline on the international side and a 35% drop in our small commercial businesses, consistent with what we anticipated. Total company funded book-to-bill was 1.09 with funded backlog growing about 5% since the beginning of the year when adjusted for divestitures. Our strategic priorities have remained the same since we closed on the merger a year ago. And we're proud that our nearly 50,000 employees quickly aligned as one operating company. And we're pleased with how well the team is executing and avoiding operational missteps despite the many moving parts. Integration continues to progress well with net synergy savings of $60 million in the quarter and $115 million year-to-date. We have not seen a slowdown in activity due to COVID and now believe we can deliver $185 million in net savings this year, up $20 million from prior estimate, largely due to a steady ramp in savings from the supply chain, shared services and benefits. Our integration roadmap is very methodical and rigorous with a weekly cadence of top-down reviews and we continue to expect to achieve $300 million in cumulative net savings in calendar 2021, one year ahead of original plan. We're making good progress and driving a culture of operational excellence deep into the company and through the quarter, we continue to hold training sessions and conduct lean assessments, quality clinics and value engineering events despite the inability to travel. As we've said before, e3savings are additive to synergies and we're a key part of the margin expansion we achieved in the quarter and year-to-date. But more importantly are essential to expanding margins beyond the integration window. Investments in technology and innovation remain at the top of our agenda and are key to long-term revenue growth. Since the closing, we fully implemented a rigorous stage gate process called Checkpoint and cut 30% of IRAD projects to sharpen our focus on key strategic themes around spectrum superiority, actionable intelligence and war fighter effectiveness, while positioning for the shift to an integrated networked battlefield. We are investing heavily in multi-function, software-defined, open architecture systems that allow us to deliver mission solutions independent of the platform. These investments are evident and are increasing traction on revenue synergies; we've now been down selected on 13 out of 23 proposals and continued to build on our multi-billion pipeline. While we're still in the early innings, the collaboration we're seeing across segments is really impressive with the process to identify new revenue synergy opportunities nearly self-sustaining. On portfolio reshaping, we are set to close today on the divestiture of EOTech, a small consumer-facing business bringing total transactions to date to four with proceeds exceeding $1 billion. We're now about one-third of the way toward our bottoms-up estimate of divesting 8% to 10% of revenue with more progress expected in the coming quarters as we increase our focus on businesses where we're best positioned to win. And on maximizing cash generation, we delivered $785 million of free cash flow in the quarter and about $2.7 billion on a LTM basis, growth of over 20% on a per share basis. Our strong performance along with divestiture proceeds drove a cash balance of $2 billion at quarter end and supports our prior commitment to return capital to shareholders in the third quarter. Longer term, we see a clear path to achieving $3 billion free cash flow in calendar 2022, driven in part by continued improvement in working capital. In the quarter, we achieved another two day sequential improvement with solid momentum toward a calendar 2022 goal of sub 50-days from 68 at merger close adjusted for divestitures and accounting items. Slide 4 illustrates the opportunity ahead of us. 10 businesses account for about 75% of our working capital, six of which have more than 75 days on hand, driving those six the current company average of 55 days would generate nearly $0.5 billion of cash flow with the largest opportunity tied to lower inventory. Shorter cycle times, better forecasting, product rationalization and part commonization, vendor managed inventory and improved supplier delivery performance. The levers are clear. We've done it before and the team is focused and motivated to get it done. Finally, we're all watching carefully the progress towards a 2021 defense budget and signals from Congress, the Biden campaign and the Trump administration on the budget trajectory in 2022 and beyond. We're encouraged by the bipartisan support in advancing the fiscal 2021 National Defense Authorization Act through the house and senate and we believe that the heightened threat environment will drive the trajectory of U.S military spending regardless of the election. And while we're conscious of the risks surrounding elevated deficits, we believe our technological capabilities and opportunity set position as well over the coming years. Recent house and senate marks support this as we saw ongoing strength in areas like tactical radio, aircraft ISR, F-35 and space and classified budgets are also set to be well supported. So between budget positioning, revenue synergies, margin expansion potential and shareholder friendly capital deployment, we remain confident in our ability to sustain double-digit earnings and free cash flow growth per share in the medium term. And with that I'll now turn it over to Chris Kubasik to discuss segment results. Chris?
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Bill and good morning, everyone. I'd like to highlight the quarterly segment results starting on slide 6. Integrated Mission Systems increased revenue 7% from growth in our Electro Optical and Maritime Businesses with ISR relatively flat in the quarter, but expected to pick up in the back half of the year. Operating income was up 38% and margin expanded 370 basis points to 16.8% from integration benefits, operational excellence and cost management. Order momentum at IMS was broad-based with a funded book- to-bill above 1.0 in each business resulting in an overall segment book-to-bill of 1.19 for the quarter and 1.12 since the merger. Our highlight in recent months has been the traction we've seen in our maritime business. In the quarter, we received an order from a classified customer for an unmanned surface vehicle. And just this month, we were selected as the prime contractor for the medium unmanned surface vehicle for the U.S navy. We're also in the process of finalizing our position on the U.S navy's frigate program as a system integrator this initial 10-ship contract has a potential value of over $300 million. So clearly, we're seeing positive momentum in this business. On slide 7, Space and Airborne Systems revenue increased 4% in the quarter. Growth in Avionics from the production and modernization ramp of the F-35 and increased classified work at Intel and cyber were partially offset by program transition timing and a tough compare in the space business. Segment operating income was up 3% and margin contracted 20 basis points to 18.8% as operational excellence and integration benefits were offset by program mix from increased developmental work and investments in earlier stage technologies. Overall funded book-to-bill was 0.94 for the quarter and just below 1 since the merger, with particular strength in space, which delivered a book-to-bill over 1.0 in the quarter. As a reminder, in our space business, we are transitioning from a legacy exquisite payload provider to a full end-to-end systems provider for responsive satellite and ground systems. A recent launch for the U.S Air Force demonstrated this capability. We designed, developed and built satellites within a couple years and are now providing the tasking and the command and control for these on-orbit spacecraft. This speed to market is a significant differentiator compared to legacy systems that take nearly a decade to become operational. As war fighting capabilities accelerate in the space domain, we are well positioned to participate and capture new business and have a strong pipeline that exceeds $10 billion to support growth in the medium and long term. On slide 8, Communication Systems revenue was up 2.5% for the quarter as DoD tactical and integrated vision systems benefited from modernization demand, both were up double digits. This strength was partially offset by international tactical radio sales timing and headwinds at our public safety business both of which were down in the mid-teens consistent with prior expectations. Segment operating income was up 11% and margin expanded 190 basis points to 23.9% from integration benefits and cost management. Turning to orders, DoD tactical modernization momentum continued with a $95 million award for an additional low rate production contract on the US army's HMS Manpack. After completion of the operational testing early next year, we anticipate a full rate production award against the previously announced IDIQ of nearly $13 billion. This will support continued revenue growth. Lastly on slide 9, Aviation Systems organic revenue decreased 7% in the quarter with commercial aviation down about 50% due to the pandemic in line with our expectations. This headwind was partially offset by continued growth within the classified areas at defense aviation products, which was up in the mid-teens. Operating income was down 8% primarily due to the impact of divestitures, but would have grown 4% otherwise. Margins expanded 120 basis points to 12.5% from operational efficiencies, integration benefits and cost actions, partially offset by COVID related headwinds. Orders significantly outpaced sales leading to a funded segment book-to-bill of 1.26 for the quarter and 1.13 since the merger. We saw considerable traction on the defense side for airborne radars, ground vehicle systems and training solutions, as well as within the classified arena. One of the key wins in the quarter was the $900 million single award IDIQ to develop and manage simulator requirements and standards across the Air Force's training portfolio. This solution will leverage open systems architecture and set common standards for the Air Force and aligns with the DoD move towards multi-domain operations and ties to the program direction of JAB C2. It will also position us well for future military training offerings. So before handing it over to Jay, I'd like to echo Bill's comments and thank our employees for their dedication, focus and hard work during the pandemic. We'll continue to prioritize your health and safety as we move forward. With that over to you Jay.
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a recap of second quarter results then provide an update on the impact of COVID and then wrap up with guidance. In the quarter, organic revenue was up nearly 2.5% as 8% growth in our US government business more than offset the commercial decline. EBIT increased 9% on 18.2% margins resulting in EPS growth of 13% or 0.32 as shown on slide 10. Of this growth $0.22 came from synergies, $0.15 from operations including cost management and $0.13 from share count, pension and other items including divestitures, partially offset by pandemic related headwinds of $0.18 mainly from our commercial businesses. Free cash flow for the quarter was $785 million and we ended the period with 55 working capital days or two days better sequentially after adjusting for divestitures and purchase accounting adjustments, versus the prior year and our expectations we benefited from accelerating customer collections and ongoing inventory management, while continuing to support our suppliers. Margins in the quarter came in at 18.2% or 150 basis points higher than last year and ahead of our internal views. Most of the expansion or 140 basis points came from the $60 million synergies drop through. We also saw benefits from our cost management efforts and tailwinds from reduced expenses such as for travel and trade shows. Along with operational efficiencies which more than offset 60 basis points of COVID headwind. While some of the expense tailwinds are temporary, our margin performance highlights the portfolio's resiliency during a tough environment and our future earnings potential. Next let's turn to slide 11 for details on the guidance outlook. Organic revenue is unchanged at up 3% to 5% % with top line trending as expected. And overall COVID impacts still sized within our prior range. For our core US government business representing about of 75% sales, we expect the 8% first half growth to carry over to the back half as well. And for our commercial aerospace businesses, which were down about 50% in the quarter, it's generally tracking to our previous forecast for the year and in line with broader industry forecasts. In public safety, the business was down in the mid-teens in the quarter and we now expect that business to decline around 15% from 10% previously, reflecting the slow pace of new awards. On international, we're holding our flattest view for the year based on our second half visibility with upside opportunity in ISR. So overall relatively minor changes with a clear line of sight to our sales outlook, which is supported by a funded book-to-bill of 1.1 in the first half. Shifting the margins. We've increased our outlook to 17.5% plus with the plus indicating potential upside of 10 to 20 basis points versus the prior guidance of 17.5%. Due to performance to date. cost synergies, E3 progress and expense management. Margins step back in the second half versus the second quarter due to higher R&D investment as well as a placeholder for higher COVID related mitigation costs or disruptions, but still continued margin expansion progress on the full year of nearly 100 basis points. On EPS, we're holding the full year guidance range of $11.15 to $11.55 with the contingency at the midpoint from the margin up side to account for the uncertain backdrop amid to pandemic's progression. On capital allocation, we're in a strong cash position and should remain so after completing our committed repurchases with divesture proceeds here in the third quarter. Beyond that we'll continue to monitor market conditions for deployment opportunities such as capital returns and employee pension plan contributions. Moving to free cash flow, our guide of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion remains intact with similar upward pressure from earnings upside, working capital traction and lighter CapEx. Finally and briefly on the segment outlook. We've maintained our guidance for all line items but for margins at IMS, where we see likely upside. The improvement is coming from synergy drop through and operational excellence via E3 productivity. Both year-to-date and going forward. So a great example of the merger benefits. So to put it all together, a solid growth outlook supported by our year-to-date performance and forward visibility. With an upside bias assuming a stabilizing environment. And with that I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
SethSeifman: Hey. Thanks very much and good morning, everyone. Bill you talk in the slides about the potential for cash flow growth beyond 2022 and you mentioned your working capital, just wanted to confirm a; is that the chief source of cash flow growth in those out years number one? And b; are there others and if so, kind of what are they? And if you could speak a little bit maybe qualitatively to the magnitude and relative importance of those other drivers?
BillBrown: Yes. So Seth thanks for the question. So between now and 2022 time frame mid single digit plus type of revenue growth that we expect because we're seeing good visibility in the 2021 budget, which we think is going to get passed sometime in the next six months or so. Our programs are very well supported there. A lot of unspent dollars from prior years, good opportunities on revenue synergies, growth opportunities international. So we see the top line continue to improve, margins coming up, we're doing very well in margin progression this year. Jay just talked about some of the upside drivers here in calendar 2020 we see continued momentum on margins over the next couple of years. It's certainly not going to end as we get to 2020. There's going to be opportunities even certainly beyond that. Working capital is a driver, we've made great progress down 13 days since the close to 55. We see getting to about 50 days or below 50 by the time we get calendar 2022. But that way we look at this from a bottom up perspective, Harris was at 41. We can see our ability getting down into those 40-41 days. So even as we had 50 days in 2022 an extra 10 beyond that's about $350 million worth of cash, which has great opportunity to deploy it. In the near term certainly next year or so towards share buyback that will reduce our share count. So overall you put all those pieces together, we continue to see double-digit growth in free cash per share.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
RobertStallard: Thanks so much. Good morning. I think it's a question for both Bill and Chris. I mean I'll see a lot of talk out there about what the trajectory of the DoD budget could be over the next few years. But I was wondering if both of you could maybe frame how different the merge company is today versus what you saw in the last defense downturn. And how things could play out?
BillBrown: Well, I mean I'll start and I'll let maybe Chris jump in here, Rob. So that's -- it's a great question, look, I think part of the reason why almost two years ago now Chris and I contemplating putting the company together was really to build a more scaled mission solutions, priming Chris talked a lot about becoming a sixth prime. When we sit there in fact when we talked about our merger back in October of 2018, we talked about our presence connecting across all domains a CP or ISR powerhouse company mission solutions prime company. And you can see based on the progression we've seen to-date clearly moving in that direction. Certainly as the DoD moves towards connecting all of their platforms, all sensors, all shooters across all domains. I see us be really being in the sweet spot of that. We've won 7 IDIQs on ABMS. There's a lot of players on the team, but I think it's testament to the capability that this organization has overall in spectrum superiority, spectrum dominance across what we do in electronic warfare, waveforms, communications, ISR, all those pieces come together to help realize that vision of where the DoD needs to move to in order to fight the next fight. You can see really across all domains. The progress in space, the progress in unmanned both airborne and maritime. So we're really I think realizing that vision and I think we're a much more resilient organization today we would have been several years ago with a tremendous opportunity to gain share in a market that may flatten or come down over time. So I think we're just a fundamentally different position today we were a number of years ago. I don't know, if you want to add, Chris.
ChrisKubasik: Yes, maybe I'll just add a little bit, Rob. We talked a lot about leveraging the scale of the enterprise and I think in this industry scale matters and you look at this new company with close to $700 million of R&D that positions us well for these new markets and NextGen opportunities. So we're starting with the clean sheet. I believe we're pretty agile and responsive. The national defense strategy talks about disaggregation. Bill mentioned autonomy and some of the capabilities we have there fit nicely with these large platforms and then the ability to connect them. And you look at our ability to attract and hire college grads and others, there's a lot of excitement with this new company. People see that we're growing 8% in the government business and I think we're ahead of schedule and going better than I would have expected after 13-months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
CarterCopeland: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for the time. I hope everybody's well. Bill, I wondered or Chris, I wondered if you might tell us a little bit more about this comments on trimming the IRAD pipeline or narrowing the focus of that IRAD pipeline, just help us think through the price prioritization and that thought process. Are you looking to prioritize capabilities or ROIs or customers, any granularity you can give us on how you're thinking through that process? Thanks.
BillBrown: Hey, Carter. It's a great question and it really I'm glad you asked it because I think it's a fundamental part of the value creation story that we have in front of us. We've been talking about this for a couple of years of taking, as Chris just mentioned $700 million worth of IRAD that previously was distributed very deeply and broadly across the company not centrally coordinated, no clear business rationale across the individual investments and through the work that CTO Ross has done here to really get at and categorize where all that money is going. We looked at it; we saw 30% of the projects that were -- didn't have a business case or were overlapping were duplicates. And we've provided two investors some examples of that, so allows us to focus that firepower that's pretty potent on a smaller set of opportunities really around the areas around multi-function, open systems architecture, software-defined everything that really is the heart of what we're trying to do in spectrum superiority, sensing solutions, delivering actionable intelligence. That's where we're really focused and as I think about this that's -- that is going to enable us to continue to invest in these new opportunities that we're seeing coming through in revenue synergies. We've won quite a few here. They're small today in terms of revenue impact. They'll grow over time but the pipeline is large, is getting bigger and really positions us and I think in a fundamentally different way. So when you think about value creation, a potential into the future for a technology company we call L3Harris, this is fundamental to the value creation story.
ChrisKubasik: And I'll just chime in Carter, I mean; this is what we've been talking about for almost a year and internally and externally. This is about optimizing the enterprise the greater good of L3Harris versus optimizing the divisions and this is part of the transition from more of a holding company to an operating company. And when we look at things holistically from the top down, we're able to prioritize those to get the greater growth and the greater returns. Same process applies to CapEx and everything else that Bill, Jay and I look at on a regular basis. So that's the origin of the 30% that Bill referenced.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
NoahPoponak: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Can you hear me, okay? Great. I'd love to get a little more specific on the capital deployment plan and specifically the intent to buy back stock, just given the large cash balance at the end of the quarter and how much free cash you're set to generate moving forward here. And if there's going to be even more proceeds from divestitures. One, will you restart in the third quarter on an underlying basis even before the Leidos proceeds like are we just buying back stock again now or not. And when I add up all those pieces, it looks like you could be buying back several billion dollars a year going forward. Is that a reasonable assumption?
BillBrown: Yes. So, Noah, look in Q3, we will use the proceeds we received from the sale of SDS to Leidos, was $1 billion we closed that out in Q2. We'll deploy that back to owners as we've always said we would in Q3 we sold an asset and we're buying back an asset, happy to be our stock. As we look to the back end of the year with a $1.3 billion, 3 billion four-ish in free cash generation in the second half. We'll end the year with a pretty strong balance of cash in the [one seven one eight] kind of $1 billion range. So still opportunities beyond that for deployment as we've been talking a lot we see that growing $3 billion by 2022. There's no debt pay down requirements at all, we'll refinance some debt but at 1.7 going to1.5 leverage ratio. We've got, I think a good leverage basis we don't see any significant M&A on the near term horizon. So it gives a lot of opportunity to deploy that upward to $3 billion a year in free cash generation back to owners as we said we would. And that just to remind everybody is after significant investments in development internally hiring people, training people, spending investment on capital driving IRAD at close to 4% as Chris mentioned a couple of minutes ago significant investments inside the company even with that gives us an opportunity to deploy that cash effectively with shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
GautamKhanna: Thanks. Good morning, guys. How you doing good? Hey, I wanted to ask Bill if you could maybe numerically express the revenue synergy opportunity in some reasonable time frame. So whether it's 2022 and 2023, what should we be anticipating, so what you're going to get incrementally from some of these captures you're pursuing that combine the capabilities of L3 and Harries. And how do you see that playing out over the next 5 or 10 years. Could give a quantification of it?
BillBrown: Yes. So again we won 13, it's in the tens of millions of dollars and it's actually growing it's -- we're seeing good traction there. You'll see it a little bit in the 2020 results will start to grow in 2021, little bit beyond that. The pipeline itself is north of $5 billion and it's growing every time we meet with the team. And it's pretty substantial. The opportunities that we want are in the $1.5 billion to $2 billion of lifetime revenue. So I would expect I don't commit Chris and Jay to something here, so maybe I'll let Chris jump in here but I would expect that it'll be something growing north of $100 million a year, but Chris maybe you could add.
ChrisKubasik: Yes, no. I'll sign up to at least $100 million a year and would you say 10 years from now, no, it's as Bill said it's going better than we expected. And we have a very strict definition of what we're calling revenue synergy. These are bids that neither company would have submitted had we not merged together. So we're getting the momentum, a lot of these are the initial wins some from DARPA, some from rapid capability office and then we got a win from four to two to one but we like the momentum. And I would expect that this will contribute to our top line growth for the foreseeable future. And we'll quantify it for you as we start to move up and get some of these wins.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Harned with Alliance Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
DougHarned: Good morning. Thank you. If I think back to Chris to what L3 looked like not that long ago and you had all of more than 80 or so businesses with overlapping overhead functions and the sense of need to rationalize the supply chains and facilities. And if we roll forward where does--where do things stand today in terms of addressing a lot of the opportunities and costs that you had before because I'm just -- you continue to find new cost synergy. So I'm trying to figure out what the pathway looks like in terms of the things you've gotten done, the things that are still to go here and where you can potentially be?
ChrisKubasik: Yes, no, that's a great question, Doug. And I say we made a really good progress in the last 13 months but a lot of the progress we made was a result of starting early even the pre-merger. I'd say we're ahead of schedule on the synergies that we talked about, but everything that we've looked at shows continued margin upside and cost take off opportunities well beyond the initial three-year period. The facility consolidations are ongoing. Those will take the most time as you would expect. I think we've made great progress on the supply chain and that's just something we're going to continue to work on year after year. And also not only on the value capture but improving the resiliency given some of the recent challenges in the COVID environment. So if this were a baseball game we're probably in the second or third inning as I see it holistically. And really hitting the ground running on day one. The benefits and the HR and all those initiatives were done on the first cycle which was pretty impressive. So I think there's a lot more to go and we see this as part of our culture of operating excellence and it's just going to go year after year and I think there's a lot more to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
SheilaKahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning, everyone and thank you. Bill, I think you mentioned six businesses with high working capital and you quantified the opportunity which is quite big at $500 million, I'm guessing the size of these businesses might be fairly large, but is there anything structurally different about them and how do we think about that working capital drive down contributing to intermediate results?
BillBrown: No. There's nothing structurally different about them. They -- what's happening is we're getting into a lot of detail what's driving the working capital to be where it happens to be. And as I mentioned a lot of it is inventory, sometimes inventory is north of 100 days and it's about just prudent management, improving forecasting, improving the performance with suppliers because a lack of confidence in when a supplier is going to deliver a component drives management to increase buffer stock. It's managing better the development of new product so that you're leveraging components that exist across other products. So you reduce sort of both SKUs as well as the parts that go into the SKU. So it's really across all of those fundamental pieces, Chris and I and Jay have a weekly evidence just right next to our integration meeting is the focus on working capital. We've been doing this since day one. We've got dedicated teams focused on this, is driven by the general managers themselves. The teams are incentivized to improve cash. We incentivize and drive working capital. So we expect to make a big achievement in those six businesses but the reality is we have 19 different sectors all of which have opportunities to improve working capital and we're going after every single one of them. That's what gives us confidence of taking the 55 to below 50 and hitting 40 over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question. 
RichardSafran: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I hope everybody's well. So Bill and Chris, I thought I had another question on your revenue synergies. I thought you might try to explain the driver of the revenue synergies. And if they continue why the potential is north of $5 billion. And why they've come so much earlier than expected? To me Pentagon's giving awards to non-traditional players in major platform markets, you have space with launchers. And you recently with Maritime, so is that the driver here, why you stand to benefit? Is the Pentagon looking for more competitors? And bringing in non-traditional players? And I guess is there room now for moving LHX to the next level as a sixth prime?
BillBrown: I think the DoD is looking for more competition, more company suppliers that can bring unique mission solutions that can simplify what they're doing bring additional capabilities it’s driven through technology investment. I think what we've proven is the ability to a; invest the technology dollars. And then find ways of delivering new capability from those investments. So I think that's clearly the direction that the DoD happens to be moving into, but I think we have just a great opportunity across our portfolio. We've had from day one, people getting together in classified spaces and open spaces sharing ideas. And when you have a good sense of what the mission need is, and you put technologists in a room. To try to look at what we can do differently. There are just lots of great opportunities that, that come from the capabilities that being brought by this new entity. So, we're still early days. This is only one year and it's moving faster than we had expected. There's been a lot of resonance with the customer as you could see by the winds we've had so far. We've got to follow through; we've got to win some of the down selects, move some of the studies that Chris mentioned here with DARPA into actual programs of record but that happen over time with continued focus and investment. And if anything that the opportunity said is getting bigger than smaller. A lot of it's coming in the classified side as well. I mean keep in mind too in the classified domain a lot of these things are relatively stovepipe and the larger companies have a broader view across multiple different programs. So what we're now doing is getting more visibility across multiple different types of programs, classified programs and we're bringing different mission solutions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Shapiro with Shapiro Research. Please proceed with your question.
GeorgeShapiro: Yes, good morning. This is probably for Jay. I was curious as to how much incremental cash you got from the change in progress payments? I noticed that accounts payable were down $328 million. So, you obviously gave some of that back at the same time receivables, inventories and contract assets were down $447 million. So maybe just expand on that. And then what you would expect it to be for the year and is that a potential increment to the cash flow guidance that you have? Thanks.
JayMalave: Okay, George. So I'll just go to the quarter and then the year. In the quarter the progress payment benefits were in the range of $100 million. And that was pretty much flowed down through to the suppliers. Separate from that we did have customer payment accelerations that also we benefited from in the quarter, you're in the range of say $150million or so. The flow through of that to the full year is really dependent on what the customers do. If the customers continue to on that type of prepayment schedule on the non-progress payment type of a payment schedule. Then we would see a potential upside in the year if it's, if not and then they go back we'll probably see a snap back and it really would just be pulling into the second quarter. So, it could be upside, we have to kind of just monitor the customer behavior over the back half for the year as far as these accelerated payments. I mean if the progress payments right now we're expecting those will continue but those could shift as well but as I just mentioned that's been basically flowed down to the suppliers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
PeterArment: Yes, good morning Bill, Chris, Jay. Bill I want to circle back on the budget kind of topic. We get a lot from investors about maybe L3Harris as exposure to kind of the OEM, O&M side of the budget? And I think it's reasonably high. How should we think about that part of the budget if that, if the overall budget starts to compress how that impacts you? I know there's a lot of ISR missions and activities that flow through there but maybe just some color on how we should think about that?
BillBrown: Well, it's sound -- I think we size it in the 40 percentage range of our of our business, it’s O&M funded. I think this year the DoD is under running the spending on O&M, so it does create actually some additional opportunities for O&M dollars and you mentioned exactly right some of that does fund some of the ISR missions that we happen to have here. So we think we're well positioned on that. I don't think it's a major concern as we go into 2021. I don't know Chris or Jay if you have any thought on that but--
ChrisKubasik: I think it's just good diversity and various sources and colors of money. I think is actually strength. So yes I echo what Bill says I think we're in good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
DavidStrauss: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Bill, I want to follow-up you mentioned E3, if you could maybe talk about what kind of organic margin upside you've seen so far from E3, how much further you think it can go? And then on the synergy side, you said a bunch of times there's upside to $300 million any sort of quantification of how much upside there could be beyond that? Thanks.
BillBrown: So David, look, we're making really good progress on E3 in fact at L3, Chris instituted a program called L365. We had our own program here at Harris HBX the combination of that I think has yielded a process internal process that's been driven deep into the organization. We typically would expect something like 2% to 3% net of inflation, net of giving back to the customer as well of costs coming out and we're seeing E3 in that range over the course of the year is getting a little bit better. I think we would sustain that in 2021 and 2022. So it sizes it a bit. As we get beyond the calendar 2022 time period and integration starts to wind down in terms of that focus process the drive to achieving cost savings will continue. It all merges into what we now call E3. So we do expect to hit $300 million net in 2021. We do see opportunities beyond that some of the -- I think that Chris mentioned a minute ago about facility rationalization. They do take a bit longer. They won't be fully completed in 2021. So we'd see a little bit of step up in beyond 2021 on just this consolidation of the facility. So we can't really size it today as we get further down the path, we'll continue to update investors on this, but as you think about where we've been over the last six months we started out the year guiding to about $115 million net. We went to $165 million now we are at $185 million in an environment that's very uncertain with the COVID pandemic. So we continue to make great progress here, great progress on E3 and all of this is going to drive us north of 18% margins next year with some upside beyond that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global. Please proceed with your question.
PeteSkibitski: Yes. Good morning, guys. Hey just on the really strong second quarter margin rate at IMS was there any one-off benefit in there and it looks like guidance is assuming kind of a lower rate sequentially in the second half of the year. Jay kind of touched on a little bit but any color that you could add there?
JayMalave: Sure, Pete. It's really strong synergy drop through over 200 basis points. They do have a benefit of pension running through because that's a predominantly legacy l3 business, but they also had strong productivity E3 productivity dropping through which pretty much offset any mixed headwinds. And a little bit slower on R&D there and as I mentioned we expect R&D to step up in the back half of the year. For the full year, they're just --they're doing well. We originally 13.5%, it does step down as I said for the R&D as well as a little bit of a mix as we induct some aircraft, but bottom line there you're going to see some solid margins around 14.5% for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
MichaelCiarmoli: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to stay on that R&D looking at the second half margins they obviously come down a bit, you talked about that COVID placeholder and I think you called that out maybe as a contingency in the earnings bridge. So maybe that's $10 million or so, but how big -- how do we think about the R&D step up? and I guess I'm thinking about it too in the context you're talking about of 30% IRAD but it sounds like cutting 30% that IRAD but it sounds like some of that's just going to be reinvested. Is that the right way to think about sort of the reprioritizing of the IRAD and kind of funneling it back into higher areas of opportunity?
JayMalave: Yes. A lot of the reprioritization occurred as part of our planning process for the year. We're going to step up around 3.5% to about 3.7% in the back half of the year and what we're talking about is as part of the checkpoint process is really just a process for defining prioritizing those projects. There might be some timing differences here and there and we continue to monitor them as part of that process. But there's not been any type of effort to actually reduce R&D spends as we dealt with some of the headwinds with COVID that's really been more other expense type of discretionary spends items that we've been dealing with. And so our goal has been to hold our R&D and protect the investment and for all the items and revenue synergies that the Bill referenced before.
ChrisKubasik: I'll just chime in with a 1.19 book-to-bill and IMS specifically. A lot of these as you know start out as more developmental programs and then over the course of the life of the program you get into low rate production and ultimately production of the margins increase. So a little bit of the second half pressure is coming from some of these recent maritime wins which are good margins but dilutive in the near term but we'll ramp up as we continue to deliver on them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
RobertSpingarn: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I wondered if we could disaggregate the space group, space and airborne a little bit just the primes are having such strong growth there. And I'm wondering if you're seeing a higher growth in space than airborne if you could talk about that a little bit. And then if longer term on the space side, you think you can potentially outgrow the market just given the share gain opportunities if you have in front of you.
BillBrown: Yes. So, we feel very encouraged by the space business as a whole. Just in the quarter, we had a couple of programs that are transitioning and just the year-over-year comp was particularly difficult in the second quarter last year in 2019 Q2 which as you recall was Q4, the last fiscal quarter of Harris. We had sort of 18%-19% growth in that space segment. So it was quite strong and the comp was kind of difficult just on a year-over-year basis. So, a little bit of impact on just calendarization pretty good book-to-bill in the first half of the year just over one. We were very confident about that business, very strong pipeline of opportunities coming at us in space as we transition from an exquisite provider to end-to-end responsive mission solutions prime, Chris talked about that in his remarks that's both ground -- both space capability and ground support for space capability. The pipeline in those businesses is quite large. It's about $10 billion. We have about a $1 billion of proposals outstanding that are pending awards. So, as we look at this, we expect towards the back end of this year, we'll see some recovery but overall through the technology investments we've had, some of the revenue synergy opportunities that'll come through in the space domain, we feel very good about the opportunities in space. So that space segment also has airborne and airborne has been quite strong for us. That's a lot of the F-35 growth; it's modernization, it's production, it's some sustainment growth there as well. So, we see in our classified part of that space business is growing quite well. So look, we feel very confident about space, it'll come back towards the back end of the year and be a driver getting into 2021.
ChrisKubasik: Hey, Robert, I'll just chime in, one of the things that were very exciting about this merger was space and of course pre-merger, you couldn't look at it due to clearances but once we got all the clearances set up. And I got into the program several months back. I got to say I'm even more impressed now than what I thought was suspected that we had. So I think we're in good shape. We just got to continue to win and perform and I think there's some long-term growth here that's going to be pretty impressive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
MylesWalton: Thanks. Good morning. So, I wanted to ask other guys in the space and people in the space have size the R&D tax amortization in 2022. I'm curious if you can do the same. And then secondarily on the segments, I know that the pension adjustment being made there was a [$98.9] million in the quarter. Bill, is there any assumption about how much pension helps or hurts that you have to absorb going forward over the next couple of years? And your comment about 18% margin next year and beyond.
BillBrown: So, on taxes the impact in 2022 is north of $500 million if the law stays as it is. As you know, others as well as us believe that wasn't necessarily, the intent of the legislation to penalize R&D investment and so that's something obviously we're continuing to work, but just to answer your question specifically. It will be north of $500 million. On pension, if you look at gross pension this year it's about $300 million of benefit; year-over- year it is about $60 million. There's a $100 million in the FAS pension benefit that's offset by about $50 million of lower cash recovery and so net-net you're talking about $50 million - $60 million. Right now, we're not expecting any significant changes in pension benefits next year. If we were to strike it right now would be generally in line with that. I mean a little bit worse obviously on the returns but that gets amortized. So right now we're pretty much holding in line there for what I told you about $300 million FAS and $60 million of cash.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
JonRaviv: Thank you very much for squeezing me in here. So, when you're talking, Bill and Chris, you're talking about transition obviously to an operating company while the industry itself has been in some transition. We know what the NDS wants for capabilities. Can you talk about how it's acquired? How those things are changing like investment requirements, business models, partnerships, leveraging commercial. You've got a big prime out there with new leadership talking about new ways of doing business like 5G, some of it sounds like stuff that you do. So, you can just expand on what the next generation of defense industry you think looks like here?
BillBrown: Well, Jon, I'll start and maybe Chris can jump in here. But the way I look at this without commenting on what other players in the space happen to be doing. We're very unique in a sense that we've got this opportunity that can only be created by this significant transformation driven by a merger. It's a seminal event allows us to drive a clean sheet and take a fresh approach about how you drive connectivity, cooperation, collaboration across the enterprise and that's what we talk about when we drive towards an operating company is from a technology perspective making sure all of the pieces are connected across the enterprise. We believe success in the future is going to come from driving our business as operating entities not as disconnected pieces of an [indiscernible] organization like a holding company would have. So, we have an opportunity to drive that as part of the DNA that's being created in the organization that we're building. We're not trying to start from an existing large position, but we've got good momentum that's built here and we feel pretty good about our ability to compete and win based on that particular model. 
ChrisKubasik: And I'll just say from the customer perspective. And I will throw out the customers have been great here during the pandemic. I mean Bill and I have had unfettered access to them and there's been a lot of creativity accepting a lot of our products using video and virtual means and inspecting the products. But the customer talks a lot about speed and they have rapid capability offices. They're using OTAs as an example. And I think we've been pretty good in responding and quick turns and winning some of these new business opportunities, several of which are revenue synergies. And again I think the mission systems are becoming more and more important and the customers are looking at maybe procuring those directly from companies like us and there are several initiatives in that regard ABMS and others. So, I think we're well positioned and we can adjust to the customer as they change their buying patterns. And if there's new business models, I think we're more than capable to support that so.
BillBrown: And certainly there's not -- we're not beholden to a platform. There's not a loss risk -- risk of loss of revenue from moving from proprietary to open systems. We're building the organization from the start with a focus on open systems architecture, which we believe is an opportunity for us and certainly what we're here to do.  So, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. And I'd like to close by again thanking our employees as well as the leadership team for their hard work, for their dedication as we wrap up our first year as L3Harris. And for continuing meeting customer commitments during these very challenging times. So, thank you to everyone and be safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies First Quarter Calendar Year 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Rajeev Lalwani, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Rajeev Lalwani: Thank you, Jess. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter calendar year 2020 earnings call. On the call with me today are Bill Brown, our CEO; Chris Kubasik, our COO; and Jay Malave, our CFO. First, a few words on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve risks, assumption, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation and our SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the Investor Relations section of our website which is l3harris.com where a replay of this call will also be available. And to aid with year-over-year comparability, following the L3Harris merger, prior-year results will be on a pro forma basis as reflected in the 8-K filed yesterday. With that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
William Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Rajeev and good morning everyone. As we're all aware the environment has changed considerably since our last update due to the global COVID-19 pandemic. Our top priority remains the safety and well-being of our employees while continuing to deliver the mission essential products and services to our customers. And I will start by thanking all of our employees for their hard work and dedication through this crisis. While we have a resilient portfolio and customer base and we're well-positioned, we're not immune to the effects of COVID-19. Despite the solid start to the year, we're trimming our outlook for revenue and earnings per share due principally to our commercial aerospace exposure and our recently completed divestiture plus some anticipated softness in international and Public Safety and potential risks from supply chain disruption. We move quickly with cost and other actions to offset these headwinds holding earnings per share within 2% of our prior guidance while increasing our margin outlook and maintaining free cash flow. Our core U.S. government business which represents about 75% of revenue is performing well and without significant challenges. Earlier today, we reported first quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.80 up 21% on 5% revenue growth. Company margins increased 170 basis points to 17.5% and adjusted free cash flow was $533 million. Total company funded book-to-bill was 1.11 driving funded backlog up 3% versus the prior year. These results were ahead of our expectations. We're actively assessing and monitoring global developments and continue to use best practices to mitigate risks related to COVID-19. We've mandated work from home for those who can, implemented social distancing, and canceled all travel and external events. In our production facilities, we've staggered work shifts, redesigned stations and implemented stringent cleaning protocols. As of today all our facilities are up and running with limited disruptions reported to date. We continue to receive a great deal of support from our key customers the DoD, the FAA, NAS and others and a large majority of our programs and facilities as well as those of our suppliers have been deemed essential to national security. The DoD has moved quickly to adjust the terms of progress payments to drive cash into the industrial base which we have passed through to our small suppliers and started a dialogue with industry on how to size and cover COVID-19 related costs. These measures combined with potential tax deferred benefits through the CARES Act provide some risk mitigation for our company and supply chain. Looking at our credit profile, our balance sheet remains healthy and we expect to have over $3.5 billion in liquidity in the form of cash on hand and revolver availability at the end of the quarter. Jay will discuss this in some more detail. In these uncertain times, we continue to execute well on the strategic priorities that we previously outlined, which is helping us deal with the crisis at hand while at the same time delivering long-term value for our shareholders. First, we continue to make great progress on integration despite the environment. Our team delivered $55 million of net synergies in Q1 from improvements in benefits in overhead costs and we now expect to achieve $165 million of incremental net savings in 2020 up versus our previous expectation of $115 million, as we accelerate savings and manage through the pandemic. And there is no change to achieving $300 million in cumulative net savings or about $500 million gross in 2021, which as we've announced before is about one-year ahead of schedule. Second, we continue to drive a culture of operational excellence deep into the company to improve quality and productivity and expand margins. This was evident in our first quarter results where we built upon last year's performance and delivered E3 savings on top of synergies offset mix headwinds. For the year, the combination of cost synergies and E3 savings allow us to increase full year margin by 25 basis points to 17.5% at the midpoint despite the cost absorption challenge from revenue headwinds and the expenses being occurred to fight the pandemic. And in our working capital we continue on the improvement trajectory from the stub year with another two-day operational reduction since year-end and about 10 days operationally since the merger close primarily from better inventory management. We believe we have the tools and proper focus to manage in the current environment leaving the path of 50 days of working capital intact for 2020. Third is to invest in technology and innovation in anticipation of customer needs to grow revenue in the long run. And we expect to sustain our industry leading spend on R&D despite the pandemic. The team is making terrific progress in improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our investments, creating room in our budget to support investment in the growing pipeline of revenue synergy opportunities. We have now submitted 41 revenue synergy proposals, up 18 from last quarter with another 3 down selects out of 8 in the first quarter, primarily related to classified work in our Space and Aviation Systems segments. To-date, we've been down selected on half of the 16 proposals awarded with orders booked in the tens of millions and a lifetime revenue potential of over $2 billion. Our fourth priority is reshaping the portfolio to focus on high margin, high growth and technology differentiated businesses. And this has not changed. So far we've announced three transactions representing about 3% of revenue that will result in about a billion dollars in proceeds. Our airport security and automation business, the largest of these announcements closed yesterday with two smaller ones closing later this month and by mid-year, neither of which have a financing contingency. We're still targeting divestitures in the range of 8% to 10% of revenue including the divestitures announced to-date. And while the timing is now more fluid, we continue to have active discussions and are committed to maximizing value. And then finally, our fifth priority is to maximize cash flow to sustainably grow free cash flow per share. We're maintaining our adjusted free cash flow guide for 2020 at $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion and remain on track to achieve $3 billion in 2022. In the quarter, we generated over $500 million in free cash flow and returned $883 million to shareholders, including $700 million in buybacks and dividends, and dividends which were increased 13% in the quarter. For the year, we have now assumed $1.7 billion in share repurchases including the proceeds from divestitures, which leaves us with plenty of liquidity given the environment. Moving to 2020 guidance, we expect organic revenue growth of 3% to 5% versus the prior 5% to 7% as we consider risks related to our commercial aerospace, International and Public Safety businesses due to the pandemic. On margins again, we are expanding guidance at the upper end and hovering the range to 17.4% to 17.6%, and we expect earnings per share of $11.15 to $11.55 with our free cash flow outlook unchanged. Overall I'm proud of the dedication of L3Harris employees and their commitment to the mission at hand. And I'm confident in our ability to proactively manage risk, so we can navigate these unprecedented times. So with that, let me turn over to Chris to provide an update on our operations and segment performance.
Chris Kubasik: Okay. Thank you, Bill and good morning everyone. I'll start with what we're doing from an operational standpoint to mitigate business risk due to COVID-19 then shift to our operating performance and results. The management team has taken measures to ensure the safety of our employees at our over 100 facilities. We've modified the workspace especially in areas with high capacity such as our production floors in Rochester, New York and Clifton, New Jersey to either create space for individuals between workstations or to install partitions in social distancing is impossible. In addition we've adjusted our work schedules by implementing multiple shifts or staggered shifts across our company and at several of our locations that have higher risk, we have already implemented temperature checks and health screening before employees enter buildings. We provided PPE to employees, eliminating travel and taking other recommended precautions. The environment changes daily and these safety protocols are mitigating risk and continue to limit disruption for our company. Turning to the supply chain, we’re managing risk daily with crossed company crisis teams established to assess and develop mitigation plans where needed. We've provided essential certification letters to all of our key suppliers globally and continue to engage in active dialogue and analysis to identify areas of vulnerability. With the recent changes by the DoD around its progress payment policy, we expect a slowdown in excess of $100 million of cash to help small businesses during these unprecedented times. As of today we've advanced approximately $80 million and expect to exceed $100 million this week. Now turning to a quarterly segment results on Slide 6. Integrated Mission Systems grew revenue 1% from a ramp in our maritime business and classified programs partially offset by timing and Electro Optical and ISR following double digit performance last year. Order momentum was broad based with a funded book-to-bill above 1.0 in every IMS sector during the quarter resulting in the overall segment 1.37 for the quarter and 1.09 since the merger. One highlight was over $800 million and award activity from our leading position on the Big Safari program. First quarter operating income was up 22% and margin expanded 260 basis points to 14.7% from operational excellence and integration benefit. On Slide 7 Space & Airborne systems revenue increased 7% in the quarter. The solid performance was driven by a production ramp and increased content on the F-35 platform as well as growth on classified programs in Intel & Cyber. Funded book-to-bill was 1.16 for the quarter and about 1.0 since the merger. In the quarter we secured our position as a prime mission integrator for our nation's space domain awareness program called Mosaic. This award is fully exercised has the potential to reach $2 billion. Segment operating income was up 12% and margin expanded 70 basis points to 18.5% driven by strong program execution and integration benefits. On Slide 8 Communication Systems revenue was up 5% for the quarter as DoD tactical benefited from modernization demand that supported weekly deliveries of the two channel multi-band radio increasing by 50% sequentially. Additionally solid growth in broadband communications partially offset by timing of sales and international tactical in prior year strength and public safety factored into the growth rate. Funded book-to-bill has a slight downshift to 0.8% in the quarter due to timing, so it's been solid at 1.03% since the merger. The awards included a $383 million sole source IDIQ from the U.S. Marines for next-generation HF radio systems as part of a multi-year modernization effort and an IDIQ for $500 million from the U.S. Space Force to provide secure and anti-jam satellite communications for the A3M program. Segment operating income was up 11% and margins expanded 120 basis points to 22.9% in the quarter from integration benefits and from strong operational performance partially offset by the mix impact from the ramp and in the tactical radio modernization program. Lastly on Slide 9, Aviation Systems revenue grew 11% in the quarter driven by our defense businesses. Orders outpaced sales on the defense side leading to a funded segment book-to-bill of 1.05% for the quarter and 1.09% since the merger. Segment operating income was up 40% and margins expanded 300 basis points to 14.5% from improved operational efficiencies and integration of benefits. Looking ahead, we expect the headwinds on the commercial side to pick-up. As a result, we’ve taken a number of measures to improve the cost structure based on the market condition. The downturn has also been triggering event that led to over $300 million of non-cash impairments for goodwill and other assets of the segment. We're committed to supporting our employees, our supply base and our customers to ensure we get through this together. With that, I'll turn it over to Jay.
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris. I'll begin with a quick recap of first quarter results before discussing our revised outlook and liquidity position. Revenue was up 5% and EBIT increased 17% leading to EPS growth of 21% with solid margin expansion of 170 basis points, 17.5% primarily from integration savings and pension benefits. Free cash flow for the quarter was $533 million and we ended the period with 62 days in working capital before purchase accounting adjustments. Overall, solid results in the face of a tough compare and its deteriorating backdrop. Okay. Let's now turn to the 2020 outlook on Slide 10 and I'll provide more color on our updated guidance. Starting with the top line, organic revenue is now expected to be up 3% to 5% versus our original guidance of up 5% to 7% about two thirds of this comes from resetting expectations for our commercial aerospace businesses due to COVID-19 and its impact on the macro environment. When adjusting for the sale of airport security and automation, the remaining business generated about $800 million in sales in 2019 tied to commercial aerospace through training in avionics equipment. Commercial training represents roughly 40% of the sales and includes the manufacturing of simulators and training of new pilots, as well as those of airlines. And within avionics we manufacture and service a number of components including collision avoidance systems, transponders, as well as voice and data recorders. These businesses are tied to broader aviation trends, including air traffic, airline profitability and OEM production rates, which are all under pressure. For instance, IATA has forecasted traffic to be down nearly 50% for the year. As a result, our guidance now reflects approximately $500 million in revenues or a reduction of about half of the sales for the remainder of the year, when compared to 2019 In addition we factored in pressures at our public safety radio's business which in 2019 had $500 million in sales. This business is focused on state and local municipalities in North America which are facing budget and operational constraints due to the pandemic leading to an over 10% decline relative to our prior expectation of low single digit growth. Finally on the international front which comprises roughly 20% of our sales we are now assuming a more flattish outlook versus an increase in the low to mid-single digits previously. In contrast we expect higher revenues from our DOD businesses including tactical radios and ISR. On a margin outlook Bill talked about the acceleration of integration and productivity benefits that drive that 25 basis points increase in our margin guide of 17.5% putting us at the upper end of the prior range. And that's net of approximately 30 basis points of headwinds associated with fixed cost absorption from volume declines that we've offset with expense reductions bringing this down to our full year EPS we now see $11.15 to $11.55 or $11.35 at the midpoint down $0.20 as compared to our prior guide midpoint. The range is premised on 270 million shares inclusive of the $1.7 billion in share buybacks noted earlier and a 17% tax rate and bridging EPS it to our prior guide on Slide 12 we were $0.15 in headwinds from the timing of divestitures and repurchases while the $0.52 in COVID related headwinds are merely offset by incremental synergies and improved performance from midpoint to midpoint. Finally a quick note on the profile of EPS for the remainder of the year we expect the pandemic related impact to be most notable in the second quarter with stronger growth anticipated in the second half. Moving to free cash flow our guide up $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion is intact and so is the multi-year outlook. For this year our cash flow is bolstered by accelerated synergies, federal stimulus and cost takeout, which will offset the reduced revenues discussed earlier. In our working capital, we'll also look to manage the environment for a three-day goal of improvement in 2020 remains in place as well. Moving over to liquidity, as Bill noted earlier we remain in a strong position. We ended the first quarter with over $400 million of cash on hand, net of the April debt maturity and a $2 billion untapped credit revolver. We're looking ahead to the end of the second quarter our liquidity should reach over $3.5 billion post divestitures which would include at least $1.5 billion in cash and full access to the revolver. Also our net debt maturity of $650 million isn't due until early 2021 and our balance sheet is healthy at 2 times leverage. Now switching to the segment outlook, we've narrowed our integrated Mission Systems revenue range to be up 5.5% to 7% versus the prior 5% to 7% guidance during primarily by strength in our ISR business. Segment operating margin is projected to be about 13.5% or 25 basis point increase from the previous midpoint reflecting performance to date and increased synergy benefits. Next Space and Airborne systems also narrowed our revenue range a 6% to 7.5% growth driven by modernization and sustainment on the F-35 platform in Mission avionics. Segment operating margin is expected to be 18.75% and is unchanged at the midpoint. Communication Systems revenue is now expected to be up between 3.5% to 5% versus the prior guide of 6.5% to 8.5% this reflects headwinds in our public safety business of about 1.5 points and a reduction of international volumes in tactical radios and in integrated vision. Segment operating margin is anticipated to be about 23.75% that's up 100 basis points relative to the prior midpoint reflecting increased cost and integration benefits. And finally in Aviation Systems we're forecasting an organic revenue decline of 1% to 5% year-over-year primarily from the factors I noted earlier in commercial aerospace. This points to reported revenues of approximately $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion for the year post divestitures. On the commercial side, revenues are set to be down around 35% organically for the year and for government related businesses which include mission networks, military training and defense aviation products, they are expected to be up in the mid to high single digits. Segment operating margins are expected to be approximately 13.25% down versus the prior guide by 75 basis points from the midpoint, due primarily to fixed cost absorption from the volume declines partially offset by cost actions. The margin guide also accounts for the airport security and automation divestiture we closed yesterday. So to summarize and put it all together, overall pullback in our outlook, but one with a pandemic related impacts have been nearly offset by management actions with the remainder being the result of a more flexible approach to capital deployment in this environment. With that, I’ll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland: Just a quick clarification and a question I wondered Jay if you could give us a little bit more color on the cash bridge on the guidance for all the moving pieces with AS and tax and suppliers and progress payments and synergies. I think that would help everyone and just bigger picture Bill or Chris you know with respect to how the business, the combined business is evolving? I mean you highlighted the synergy opportunities, the revenue synergy opportunities you look at that opportunity pipeline. You look at what the business is going to look like in the wake of COVID-19. How does all of this influence your thoughts on portfolio and shaping and whatnot, any updated thoughts there would be great? Thanks.
Jay Malave: Sure, Carter. Let me start with the free cash flow, as we mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, we have the benefit of the progress payments going from 80% to 90%. That an excess of around $100 million that's being slowed down to the suppliers, and so net-net that's a very little impact. There is a benefit and stimulus related to taxes, which is helping us offset some of the other impacts across the business. But when you take a look at net income, that is moving, but as I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, we've largely offset that. And so, with the benefit of the stimulus efforts, we're just holding that as a placeholder. We may have to go deeper into supplier payments. We may have to think about our pension contributions and things like that. But for the most part, we've held the working capital intact after three days. Net income is a little bit lower. We're getting benefits from the stimulus efforts and we're just kind of holding that as a placeholder for other things for later in the year.
William Brown: And Carter on your question on - for the long-term outlook, look we're very pleased with the progress of the integration so far, the cost synergies are going very, very well. We're finding great opportunities and revenue opportunities and it's testament to the power of the combined portfolio as we laid out 18 months ago, when we announced the merger. And the areas that we could offer new mission sets to our customers and the COVID-19 notwithstanding, it's playing out as we had expected. We have much more powerful competitive offering and it's helping us quite substantially in mitigating some of the risks that we’re seeing coming through in small parts of the portfolio now through the pandemic. Now in the portfolio shaping we've been at this now for 18 months, we've made some good progress here. We've about a third of the way through in terms of the revenue we anticipated, divesting. We had sized that for investors back in early February that was pre-COVID. We keep looking at the portfolio, it's an ongoing process, but we're going to shape our decisions on what is in our portfolio based on long-term strategy. Our ability to differentiate via technology, ability to grow and win in those segments and that hasn't changed based on the pandemic. We continue to look at that. I don’t know Chris if you wanted to maybe augment with that.
Chris Kubasik: Carter I’ll just chime in that when I look at our new business opportunities and some of the things we're currently working on I continue to believe our portfolio is well aligned with our customers focus and desire. You hear a lot about multi-function systems which we are currently implementing in space. We are submitting white papers on ABMS and of course the Navy's coming out with an offering or and RFP on Spectral. So I think we're well aligned there on the capability front. And then the modular open system architecture I think the F-35 is a good example of those capabilities. So I think it positions us well for the long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss of Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: So Bill, just wanted to ask on working capital progress. It doesn't sound like the progress payment change benefited you at all in Q1. But you got two days of sequential improvement I think you’d talked about that in Q1 you might have given back some of the upside that you saw in early collections in Q4. And so, maybe just comment on that and I think from here you're only assuming about one day of additional working capital improvement through the rest of the year? Thanks.
William Brown: Yes David that's all factual prog pay did really - it benefited us in the first quarter. It’s really just starting now in some ways. It's not a big part of our portfolio it's only about 7% of our revenue so you're not going to see big numbers. And as Jay and others and Chris pointed out what we're receiving from the government through progress payment acceleration we're flowing that out to the supplier base. So that net-net won't be a factor in the year. So we're making good progress. So two days sequentially 10 days operationally since the beginning of when we closed on the merger it's - I think it's just fantastic work that the team has done. A lot of it's coming out of inventory. We're seeing some opportunities elsewhere, but a lot of inventory coming out as we've been pointing out to investors for some time. And we're expecting maybe another day towards the balance of the year. There's some purchase accounting opportunities here if you will, in the year. So we'll end this year below 60 probably in a 58 day range. And as we look out the next couple of years again three to four days per year in 2021 three or four days in 2022. So we - see ourselves around 50 days of working capital by the time we get out into 2022 which as you know we’re still about five days higher than our peers were at the end of 2019 and about 10 days higher than where Harris was before we closed on the transaction. So, we still see some good opportunities to continue to drive working capital performance beyond 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: On the adjustment to the aviation guidance for the year I was wondering if you could elaborate on whether this has resulted from the order intake or the conversations with your customers or whether it is your best estimate at this stage is relatively early days. And in relation to that Chris, I was wondering if you could comment on what sort of flexibility you have to reallocate cost or capacity in the aerospace business to defense or elsewhere? Thank you.
William Brown: So Rob really on both I mean Jay went through the details I think pretty carefully in his script. So the business that was $800 million going down to $500 million so down 40%. We talked about the components to be very clear. Training is about 40% you know effectively what - and that we see being down 40%, 45% for the year. But in fact what we’ve done is that we won't sell any new full flight simulators beyond Q1, so we sort of zero that out that could be conservative. But that’s what we’ve assumed so far, it is through conversations with the airlines, with OEMs, it's really pretty detailed bottoms up analysis that the team has done and really is worked on over the last four to six weeks. I think he's done a good job on that, 60% of the businesses is avionics we see that business down for the year around 30%. But it's got several components, there's a commercial OE and aftermarket component that obviously that's going to be down substantially based on line race that we're hearing from Airbus and Boeing based on I added data on our RPK. There's a piece of it that provides military avionics. In other words it provides avionics on a commercial platform that's military in use that's relatively stable, which is why avionics isn't being hit quite as much as you might expect. So for the year, we've got quite a bit of the back end of the year in backlog we're watching this very, very carefully watching order intake rate. And we think based on what we see today, we've sized it appropriately, again but it's a very, very volatile environment and we're watching it very closely. Now let maybe Chris talk about some of the shifts that are happening in the workforce.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, good morning, Robert. We’ve taken the actions in commercial aviation to reduce the cost with the operating expense maybe down $20 million for the remainder of the year. And we've been pretty aggressive with reductions enforced and furloughs. But to your question specifically on the engineering front as of today we have over 50 engineers that were working on the avionics products that have been redeployed to DoD work. And now that we're all learning how to work remotely and, a little more creatively not many of those individuals needed to relocate. So, I think it's a good story relative to the engineering talent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Just a couple of questions. First on communications systems I was wondering in the revised guidance sort of what’s the anticipated or in tactical RF change relative to what the prior was? And at PSPC you know how much of a lingering drag beyond 2020 do you anticipate being as a result of the recession?
William Brown: So Gautam I’ll. You know let me touch on both of those pieces. So overall tactic we had I think a pretty good start to the year we're up 12%. The DOD was really strong international was down mid-teens and pretty close to what we had expected it will be down that same range in the second quarter as well recovering in the back half. You'll start to see a little softer year-over-year growth in DOD simply because of the tough compare. So now what we see international to be is roughly flat for the year before we thought it would be up low to mid-single digit so call that 3% so now about flat. You know in that flatness we still see the APAC or Asia-Pacific region up low double digits Central Asia up significantly you know because of Afghanistan and some of the drawdown that’s happening there. You know we still see Middle East Africa to be up low single digits but that has come down from the last guidance. So Europe will be down mid-single digits. We know Western Europe is getting a little bit better. Eastern Europe still going to be down. And then that's really - those really the bigger pieces here. Central America is roughly flat and Canada is going to be down as we had expected in the year. So overall, we still see DoD being up, in fact a little bit better, up low to mid-teens around 14%. Now we know we see international being about flat. On Public Safety, we've had a very good run here, over the last six quarters to eight quarters have been very, very strong. There's been growing like last year was close to 20% growth. Margins were coming up. We've got a great product line better quality, really good execution. So we felt very good about that. This year we were guiding to low single digits, which is in line with the LMR growth rate in North America. You know as Jay pointed out, you know down more than 10 points from that, so call it down 10%, so it's about $60 million of revenue erosion. You know we'll see that pretty prominently here in the second quarter and probably you'll see it'll - about the same to the balance of the year, it's going to be a pretty tough back end of the year for Public Safety. I think beyond 2020, it depends on what happens to the economy, state and tax - state and local tax revenues. Right now we're fighting in Q2 not just a revenue impact, but just the fact that you have the states and localities dealing with coded and not able to work, doing an installed system that's Public Safety. So we're hopeful, we could get a little better in 2021, but it's too soon to say that, got them.
Gautam Khanna: Now that’s a very helpful overview. And then just maybe I missed that the integration, Integrated Vision Systems, what’s going on there, in terms of decline, maybe I missed a misheard you in the opening remarks, but what sort of, what changed?
William Brown: You’re talking about IMS, the Integrated Missions Systems business?
Chris Kubasik: Integrated Vision.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Is there any…
William Brown: Oh, Integrated Vision, the night vision business?
Gautam Khanna: Integrated Vision Systems, I’m sorry, it’s not IMS segment?
William Brown: Yes. Integrated Vision Systems is performing well on the ENVG program. We're meeting our delivery schedules and looking forward to additional opportunities later in the year that's more domestically. I think that the question is probably related to some of the opportunities we have in the Middle East and we talked about you know more conservatism in the Mideast. We have not had any cancellations. What we're seeing are delays or holdups. And I think a lot of that has just ties to the several factors. You know the export approval process including congressional notification is a whole new process and it's all being done remotely and virtually. And some of our international customers are working remotely. Some have closed their ministries and some actually have curfews in place. We just see all those items contributing to more of a timing issues, so we reduced the outlook there if that helps.
Chris Kubasik: But still it's still lower to mid-single digits in night vision for the year.
Gautam Khanna: And that was compared to what it was the prior?
Chris Kubasik: It was in the low double-digits.
Operator: Our next question is Doug Harned with Alliance Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Harned: You know when you when you talk about the about the synergies you're ahead of plan $165 million that synergies for 2020 and you've had the - and you've also had I would assume some impediments from COVID-19. I mean this seems like awfully good progress. I mean how does this give you more optimism when you look at that $300 million net synergy total overall. And I'd say that from two things. One is you're ahead of plan here, but also you're ahead of plan and perhaps you could have even done better had you not had the COVID-19 issues?
Jay Malave: Yes. We're making really good progress here Doug. Look we did move forward the $500 million, $300 million net, which we had expected in calendar 2022 to calendar 2021. So we're not going to be done at the end of 2021. We're going to continue working this into 2022, and will become part of normal operations. So we do expect that the ultimate synergy value coming out of this merger is going to be beyond the $500 million and $300 million we've talked about previously because we're seeing it already it’s coming forward and it's likely to go up. So we had $65 million in a stub year, we start out of the gauge very, very quickly. I wouldn’t say it was conservatism coming into this year, but we were still a fairly new company. There were a lot of moving parts in the year. We guided to an incremental $115 million in net synergies earlier this year that's getting quite a bit better, more visibility that we're seeing right now in indirect spend. We've seen the consolidation of all of our benefits programs now being completely implemented. All of the CHQ and segment consolidations are now essentially done. We're just seeing just better progress. So is there any impact from COVID it is probably on the fringes there are going to be some issues that we might have that are already embedded in these numbers that we're talking about here, Doug. Some of the opportunities are really supply chain related they may slip out a little bit, but we feel very good about the trajectory we happen to be on. We've got a very seasoned integration team people that know how to work and drive their jobs in and are doing a great job remotely. So we feel good about this. And if anything we have maybe a little more opportunity in the year as opposed to risk.
Operator: Our next question is Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Noah Poponak: Bill just trying to rethink through the 2022 $3 billion free cash flow target as we all do every quarter. And at one point it looked pretty conservative. It's now taken the hit of you know if you're going to divest 8% to 10% of the revenues, and then if there is still aerospace coronavirus impacts that far out. But you're reiterating 2020 with the business so to lay those out of the free cash flow and then the reset the aerospace businesses and then the $3 billion is kind of 5% or 6% growth each of the next two years. So I guess one, just kind of high level, do you still view that number as having some conservatism in it or is it just sort of hanging on despite the hits that it's taken and specifically in the aerospace businesses, do those need to recover by then to get to the $3 billion, or it can they actually just walk along the bottom and you can still get to the $3 billion?
Chris Kubasik: Well, let me start here Noah. Again $3 billion as Bill mentioned is premised on us being able to continue to get improvement in the working capital to around run the 50 days. We still see in spite of the business where things are today, the path to be able to deliver that. We've identified the opportunities in a lot of that as Bill mentioned is sitting in inventory and a lot of those benefits weren't necessarily pegged to the commercial business or some of it that was there and yes, we'll see it that at the lower cash flow projection than we otherwise would have before the COVID-19 in commercial. But we have the runway and in working capital to be able to do that. As Bill mentioned, we see the path, it's not going that it's certainly it’s going to be more challenging than it was before, but I wouldn't care - I wouldn't characterize it as hanging on. I would say that perhaps our buffer our questions is a little bit lower than it was before, but - but the path is still very clear to us.
Noah Poponak: Okay, that's really helpful. And Jay just a quick follow-up on the free cash flow and any ability to articulate to us what you know ongoing seasonality through the year should be because I - if I remember correctly you had discussed pulling some forward into the fourth quarter of 2019, but then the first quarter of 2020 is better than expected. I know you have some, I know there is a lot of moving pieces in there, but should the free cash flow through the years going forward be relatively level loaded or should it be a pretty steep ramp through the year?
Jay Malave: It's probably somewhere a mix between the two. It's been kind of back end loaded over the past number of years I would say in 2019, even 2019 was a little bit more level loaded. This year you know $533 million is a pretty consistent with what we did for the two companies combined last year. And so our goal is to make it more linear throughout the year, but I think there is some natural level of linearity in there we're probably be still a little bit more back end loaded there. So yes it'll still probably stay a little back end loaded, but again a lot better than it's been historically in 2019 I think was started that.
Operator: Our next question Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning Bill, Chris and Jay and thanks for the time. The growth is muted in 2020 at 3% to 5% organic and just from what we've become accustomed to I understand aviation has two points of that headwind. I guess how do we think about some of the revenue capture opportunities and timing whether it's the 41 proposals you mentioned and the three incremental down flex this quarter and or how the core business just accelerates in 2020 and 2021.
Chris Kubasik: Sheila, thanks so much for the question. The revenue synergies you know rolling out over the next probably 12 to 18 months. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, orders are in the tens of millions they could grow more substantial in 2021 and 2022 they required that were down select. They have to be then finally awarded and they start to build in time again year and a half order or so. So yes, we're down we're at 3% to 5% this year. The defense business remains very good for us, it's up around 8% you know international is as Jay mentioned we're flattish, but the commercial part of the portfolio which is aerospace public safety is going to be down more than 20%. So the defense piece, the core defense part of the organization is very healthy it's high single-digits. And as we look out over in the next year, we you know we've got, we see you know good bookings this year. We see a very good pipeline about $64 billion of pipeline of opportunities; it's up about 8% since we closed on the merger. We have revenue synergy opportunities are starting to kick in. So I see us getting back in 2021, 2022 to more in that mid-single-digit range. We'll see how the next nine months play out this year and what happens with the COVID pandemic, but in the budget process beyond 2021. But you know I think things should recover, we’ll be in pretty good shape beyond this year.
Operator: Our next question Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. Sorry, we have lost his line. We’ll move to Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed.
Jon Raviv: Bill and Jay, can you talk about capital allocation, I do certainly appreciate the message around growing free cash flow per share, and how repurchases is a big tool for you guys. But can you address that tool in an environment where potentially the norm can move against repurchases, what else could you do with cash in that kind of dynamic?
Jay Malave: Well, look, I mean, for - at the moment Jon I mean, our overall philosophy on capital deployment really hasn't changed. We're going to drive and generate substantial free cash. We're going to pay an attractive dividend that has a payout ratio in the 30% to 35% range; we saw back in February raised a dividend by 13%, 10% back in August last year. So we’ll continue to be committed to paying an attractive dividend. We don't have our leverage ratio as Jay pointed out is pretty attractive. Anything debt that's coming due will likely be refinanced, so that will be a pull on cash. We don't see pension contributions for probably another year or two depending upon what happens in rates and returns this year. So it does leave a lot of capacity for deployment. And at the moment, we're still committed to returning that to shareholders in the form of repurchases. I have mentioned in my remarks for the year we're going to be a $1.7 billion. So we’ll return the $1 billion in proceeds from selling SDS. Beyond that we'll pause it, but then you have a tremendous amount of capacity back into the year a lot of the liquidity and I see the sort of normalizing as we get into calendar 2021.
Operator: Our next question Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ron Epstein: You’ve mentioned the $64 billion of opportunities now with the joint company. Can you talk about some of those that are more due to your term? I think we can keep an eye on it to keep score on how you're doing relative to the $64 million opportunities.
Chris Kubasik: Good morning Ron, it's Chris. We have several opportunities that I think are a little more significant you can track later in the third quarter of the current plan is for the Next Gen Jammer contract to be awarded the competitive opportunity. I think that will be an interesting to watch. We've talked a lot about our responsive satellites. We've been getting orders and continue to get orders on those satellites. So you can track that. On the ISR front you know we've talked a lot about the Peregrine program in Australia that will have follow-on opportunities but we also have comparable opportunities in Italy and elsewhere around the world. The EW capabilities are reined UAE comes to mind. Clearly the tactical radios we have a fair amount to go here in 2020. And then even on the international front, we're on the maritime theme with a variety of OEMs and ship builders from Romania to Taiwan to Australia, so you will be able to track those or highlight those as the couple to follow on.
Ron Epstein: And if I may just a follow on quickly, do you guys have a position on the Frigate program that was just awarded to Finmeccanica and [indiscernible].
William Brown: Yes, great question. We have you know there were four beds and given our capabilities we were on all four of the teams. So as you would imagine, I think we're well-positioned with Finmeccanica marine and more to come on that. Usually they pick the frigate first and then the second tier suppliers are negotiated and competed, but we feel very comfortable with our capabilities and being able to participate on that program.
Operator: Our next question is Peter Arment with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Arment: Good morning, Bill, Chris and Jay. Bill you gave us some color on the international just flat for the year, I mean what kind of visibility to have our conversations with your customers I know Chris mentioned that there's some export offices are closed or some customers are even closed just thinking about growth actually exit you know COVID-19 worldwide what people kind of focus you need to see in the second half of this year. Thanks.
William Brown: Well, we said we think the revenue in international will be roughly flattish year, so clearly you know booking some of the orders that are important back have will require engaging with customers happening today via phone, but we’re going to sort of start to see an ability to key customers to demonstrate product sign contracts and that's going to require some face to face conversation. So there's a lot of dialogue happening right now. We're trying to get a sense for the timing of some of the opportunities we have in the back end of the year. We think it was appropriate given some of the short-term nature of the opportunities in tactical - and make sure optical to pull that out as which will be done here to recalibrate international for the year. But as this thing starts to open up, we've got a pretty good team internationally and - they're out there, meeting with their customers, talking to their customers and we'll see, as we get towards the back end of the year, how the orders flow through.
Peter Arment: Okay, thanks. Just a quick follow-up Chris, is there any incoming - from the Wescam, regarding just from a demography perspective, just an opportunity in the COVID-19 world? Thanks.
Chris Kubasik: Yes, the Wescam business is doing quite well. I think, if you're referring to doing some sort of thermal imaging or such, it's really not at that price point, its better sticking with their core market and focused on the airborne assets. So, hope that answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski at Alembic Global. Please proceed with your question.
Pete Skibitski: Bill something I've been curious about kind of top level, is this topic of 5G, and I know it's obviously kind of a commercial standard, but I've also seen you mentioned that DoD is running some pilot projects related to 5G as well. So I'm just curious, if you can give us your thoughts from a top level on whether or not this impacts L3Harris in any way, kind of and/or if we feel like it's a technology you need to be involved in developing or in some other way? Thanks.
William Brown: Yes Pete, look it's a good question, I won't be able to give you a complete fulsome answer on this, but we've had - an internal team focused on 5G. We're not an inventor, but we certainly have applications that are using 5G technology, so we do play in the space. We need to be present in the area. We need to find DoD or defense related applications of 5G, it's going to affect Warfighter effectiveness. So we do have specific activities here. I wouldn’t say it's a big driver this year, but certainly over time it's a core capability that we need to have as a leader in spectrum superiority. So clearly Pete that's - it's something that is central to our strategy over the next several years.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, more to come, thanks for the color.
William Brown: More to come.
Operator: Our next question Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: Maybe Bill - in addition to the higher progress payments the DoD seems to be also biding pretty aggressive on pulling forward contract awards and getting kind of the money out of the hands of the DoD and obligating that as quick as they can. I'm just curious did you see that in the quarter obviously good booking at SAS and IMS or is that something that might help bookings continued to be strong in second quarter and third quarter?
William Brown: Look Myles it’s a good question, credit due to the folks in DoD really across the services we've had very active dialogue both Chris and I and some others on the team with a lot of leaders across DoD and across the services. And they've been very aggressive not just on prog pay, but accelerating awards. You probably heard you know Hondo at the Navy accelerating quite substantially awards. So we did see some opportunities move left some out of Q2 into Q1 some out of the back half of the year into the front half. Chris mentioned A3M that's an opportunity we saw an acceleration of an opportunity in IMS the Virginia AMP. So we did see some opportunities moving left and I think that we'll continue to see that it's you know the DoD is really focused on this. They are trying to put money on contract that we then quickly then put suppliers on contracts. So we keep not just cash flowing, but opportunities flowing into the supply base. So certainly something we're all focused on.
Myles Walton: Okay. And clarification Jay on the slide on the lock of EPS, there's pension called out under operations another $0.28, how much of that $0.28 is pension?
Jay Malave: About $0.10 in that $0.28, there is a lot of moving parts in there. But the pension is incremental about $25 million.
Operator: We’ll go next to Michael Ciarmoli with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Ciarmoli: Just as - I guess as you guys are thinking about COVID related impacts disruptions any other color that you have on your broader supply chain. I mean you guys are pretty technology driven I'm sure there's a lot of smaller components, subsystems, discrete electronics you're procuring? Are you seeing any potential risk either from parts procured and the Asia-Pacific geography or how are you kind of sizing that potential risk as you go forward here any need to build buffer stock of inventory on certain maybe at risk product lines?
Chris Kubasik: Yes great, great question, this is Chris. On any given day, there is tens of millions of revenue risk it changes on a weekly basis. We really started looking at this back in January in the Asian markets I think we've been able to mitigate all that risk. And a lot of this depends on the countries India shuts down, Mexico shuts down, we have to monitor those suppliers look for second sources, but I think we're doing a real good job. We have a dedicated team focus specifically on COVID supply chain and Bill and I gets daily updates on the progress. So great question, we're trying to use predictive analysis, identify the risks and mitigate it on a regular basis, hope that helps.
Operator: And our final question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Two quick things, Bill on the state and local budget constraints you talked about before in public safety. How do you think about, how the crisis may have revealed any shortcomings in the public safety communications and what might be the opportunity coming out of this thing? And then I have a higher level question, just on budget austerity and how you and Chris think about the possibility that some you know that the budget the defense budget at some point will be funding stimulus repayment that sort of thing, not necessarily what we saw 10 years ago, but some kind of shift in spending priorities at the federal level couple years down the road?
William Brown: So hey, look really good questions, on public safety i.e. this could drive an accelerated shift from LMR to LTE that's been gaining some steam with FirstNet. Fortunately we've got a radio that is LMR LTE capable both qualifiable by ATT and Verizon. So I think we're really well-positioned for that transition. I think that having a domestic supply base here is important in that particular area. We have certain technology and applications that could allow us to open up new markets that go beyond first responders to healthcare providers that we've seen that happen over the last couple of months. So the state and local finances I think will be impacted in the near to medium-term and we've tried to capture that in our thoughts, but it could drive an acceleration from LMR to LTE. And relative to your question on the budget, so as you know the 2021 budget came out a couple of months ago from the President including I think 2% per year growth in the fight that obviously was all pre-COVID. Lot discussion happening right now between the authorizer and the appropriators of what the budget will be for 2021, it - came out about flattish from the President. A lot of the things that we're focused on are well funded and in that including a lot of the classified budgets look pretty good. There's $135 billion of - so if you will surplus investment account funding that still remains out there it’s going to provide a little bit of tailwind to us. As you gotten to 2022 beyond 2022 into 2023 you've got an election year. Eventually you got a $4 trillion deficit that know going to have to be sort of paid for in some ways, but at the same time you got a very dangerous world you could see what the North Koreans are doing, what the Iranians are doing, what Chinese are doing and Russia. So we're going to continue to be tested. The threats remain there and the investments that the DoD is trying to make are really long-term investments in technology back to sustain beyond the next couple of years. And I'm hopeful that that will be a bipartisan alignment to make sure we continue to fund the DoD. So thanks very much for that question, Rob. I appreciate that.
William Brown: So thank you all for joining the call this morning. During these uncertain times, we're managing risks aggressively and taking appropriate actions to drive value for all of our shareowners. I hope we’ll soon be operating under more favorable conditions. I want to close by thanking our employees for going above and beyond to support our customers and our essential missions as well as the healthcare workers first responders and everyone in the frontline fighting COVID-19. Thank you all. And be safe.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Bill Brown - Chief Executive Officer Chris Kubasik - Chief Operating Officer Jay Malave - Chief Financial Officer Anurag Maheshwari - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the L3Harris Technologies, Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari : Thank you, Dena. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, CEO; Chris Kubasik, COO; and Jay Malave, CFO.  First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Discussions today will include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation and our SEC filings.  A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, where a replay of this call also will be available.  As supplemental information for investors, discussions also will include selected L3and Harris combined financial information, which combines the historical operating results as if the business had been operated together on the basis of a newly announced four segment structure during prior periods, but excluding the operating results of Harris’ night vision business and L3’s divested businesses.  With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
William Brown : So, thank you Anurag, good morning everybody. I’m excited to welcome you to our first ever L3Harris Technologies earnings call. I’m also pleased to welcome our new Chief Financial Officer, Jay Malave, who joined us on July 1 from United Technologies where he most recently was CFO of Carrier.  Prior to that Jay spent more than 20 years at the aerospace businesses, including as CFO of United Technologies Aerospace Systems and working the integration of the Goodrich acquisition.  Many of you know Jay from his time leading the Investor Relations function at United Technologies and I’m thrilled to have him onboard and confident he will be a strong business partner to me, Chris and the rest of the management team.  As you are aware on June 29, in fact in minutes after we ended Harris’s fiscal ‘19, we successfully completed the transformative merger establishing L3Harris Technologies and we really hit the ground running.  On the first working day after closing, we consolidated headquarters activities between Harris and L3 and announced our new organizational model, creating four mission focused segments that combine the top talent of both companies.  In the first week we completed 115 Town Halls with senior leadership touching 80% of all employees, and then in the second week we held a multi-day leadership meeting were Chris and I shared our joint vision, values and operating philosophy with nearly 100 executives and then set out our initial game plan. I have to say that the level of energy and excitement across the company is extraordinary. So we are off to a good start as a combined company. We’ll talk more about that in a few minutes. But let me first begin by providing an update on Harris’s fourth quarter and fiscal ‘19 results, followed by Chris with L3, Q2 and first half results and then Jay with combined L3 and Harris Financials and guidance.  So starting with Harris on slide three, we ended fiscal ‘19 on a high note with fourth quarter at non-GAAP earnings per share of 39% and revenue growth of 12%, the highest top line growth we’ve seen in eight years.  Overall the company margin in the fourth quarter expanded 80 basis points to a record 20.2%. These results cap an exceptional year in which we accelerated revenue growth and had margin expansion in all three segments. We outperformed on all guidance metrics, and we delivered a record earnings per share of $8.29, up 30% and free cash flow of $1.055 billion. Total company book-to-bill was 1.1, driving funded backlog growth of 12%, and setting us up for continued toppling growth. All three segments contributed to our strong performance, driven by their top line growth which continued to exceed expectations. Let me take a few minutes to recap some of the highlights of the year on slide four and five, with the additional segment detail in the appendix.  Communication Systems had a terrific year with revenue up 14% from solid growth in DoD Tactical and Public Safety. DoD Tactical ended the year with revenue of 31% from last year, and up 80% from fiscal ‘17. This strong growth was driven by nearly $300 million of modernization demand from the Army, Marine Corps and SOCOM as they embark on a multiyear upgrade cycle.  Modernization order momentum continued in the quarter with the Army awarding us a second HMS Manpack LRIP Order, followed in July with the release of the 2 Channel Leader Radio RFP. We also continued to execute well on our strategy to penetrate adjacent airborne markets and we were awarded the initial prototype phase of the Air Force’s Airborne High Frequency Radio Modernization program, expanding our leadership is HF from ground airborne. International Tactical performed as expected and revenue was up 3% for the year, driven by the ramp on the Australian Modernization program, early adoption of multi-channel products in Canada and Western Europe and ongoing counterterrorism support in Africa.  Overall Tactical ended the year stronger than initially expected, with revenue up 14%, book-to-bill of 1.1 and backlog up 17% to $1.1 billion. This combined with the well supported DoD budget request, increasing international demand for 2 Channel Radios and executing on expansion into adjacency gives us confidence in the continued growth trajectory in Tactical for the second half of the year and the medium term.  In Electronic Systems, revenue increased 14%, the ninth consecutive quarter of revenue growth ending the year at 9%. The strong performance was driven by sustained growth in long term platforms F-35, F-18 and F-16 and more recently by growth on B-52 and SOCOM Rotary Aircraft, all of which collectively grew double digit as we leverage technology upgrades and ramp production.  Orders were strong in ES ending the year at nearly $3 billion in booking, with two-thirds from the avionics and electronic warfare franchises as we continue to leverage our long standing customer relationships to solidify our position on new and long term platforms.  In April we received a $340 million award for F-35 Release Systems, supporting LRIP 12-14, which means all of our F-35 production content across avionics and release systems is now under multiyear contracts, which increases medium term visibility.  We also received a $72 million production order to deliver Upgraded Countermeasure Electronic Warfare Systems for the B-52 Platform, bringing that programs current value to over $430 million against the $1.3 billion total opportunity.  This order momentum, along with our investments in innovation, increased content on existing platforms and expansion of the next-gen platforms will drive a multiyear growth cycle in avionics and electronic warfare.  In Space and Intel, revenue was up 8% for the quarter and the year, well above our initial expectation of 4% to 5%, driven by mid-teens growth in our classified business. Order momentum was even stronger as we saw continued success in strengthening incumbent positions and expanding the addressable market of our classified business by providing end-to-end mission solutions and penetrating new adjacency.  I’m also pleased with our relentless focus on operational excellence, which drove the margin expansion across each of our segments, despite the mixed challenges that come with new program starts.  Our operational excellence program called HPX has driven net productivity savings that more than offset the dilutive margin impact of DoD Tactical modernization and revenue growth on long-term platforms in classified space, resulting in total company margin of 20.2% for the fourth quarter and 19.8% for the year, 90 basis points of margin expansion.  Similarly, our multiyear focus on working capital has delivered terrific results. We ended the year with working capital of 41 days, a four day improvement over last year at a 37 day improvement since the XLS acquisition. Our working capital reduction, combined with earnings growth resulted in record free cash flow of $1.055 billion, exceeding the post XLS acquisition goal of $1 billion by 2019.  Overall, we had an outstanding year of accelerating revenue growth, margin expansion and record EPS and free cash flow, exceeding the targets we set for ourselves, and we’ll continue building on this momentum as we go forward as L3Harris to drive continued above market growth, margin expansion and cash generation, creating long term value for our shareholders.  Let me now turn it over to Chris to discuss L3 results for the quarter and the first half. Chris? 
Chris Kubasik: Okay, thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Let me take a moment to thank and congratulate the L3 and Harris teams for their hard work this past quarter. Today’s results from both companies are due to everyone’s focus and the uncertain times leading up to the close of this historic merger.  As Bill mentioned, day one was seamless. We rolled out new email addresses to all L3 Harris employees, launched a new website and portal that connected to 50,000 employees across the globe and installed new signage at our 50 largest sites. On the operational side, in the first week we issued nearly 40 RFPs to our supplier base totaling $900 million in annual spend to start leveraging the purchasing power of the combined enterprise and to work towards our cost synergies goal.  Shifting now to L3 results, we had a solid second quarter, highlighted by our consolidated margin and free cash flow, both outperforming the second quarter guidance we discussed on our May earnings call.  Margins expanded 160 basis points to 12.2% and free cash flow was up 38% to $220 million. Non-GAAP EPS was up 18% to $2.91 on 2% revenue growth. These results caped a strong first half with EPS up 21% on 8% revenue growth.  Total company margins expanded 130 basis points to 11.9% and free cash flow was $365 million or 5x last year’s first half, as we executed on working capital improvements that resulted in a 12 day reduction over the past 12 months. Orders were up 8% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.11 and funded backlog increased 16%.  Turning to the segments on slide six, ISR revenue grew 2%, driven by a ramp up in WESCAM turret systems and the strength of our ISR missionization business, as several key programs accelerated, including the Australian Peregrine and the Presidential Aircraft recapitalization program.  This growth was partially offset by lower deliveries of night vision products due to export timing and operating income was up 50%, resulting in margin expansion of 460 basis points to 14.3%. This was due to higher volume, improved contract performance and L365 savings. In the first half ISR revenue was up 12% and operating income grew 45%, with margin expansion of 280 basis points to 12.3%.  In the Communication Segment revenue was flat in the quarter with higher production volume for UAV Communication System offset by lower volume in the Integrated Maritime and Microwave product sectors.  Margins declined by 130 basis points to 7.9% from the dilutive mix impact of the Maritime Developmental Programs and the continued investment in Unmanned Undersea Vehicles. For the first half, segment revenue was up 5% with margin expansion of 20 basis points to 9.3%.  Lastly the Electronics Segment second quarter revenue was up 3% with strong growth in Precision Engagement Systems which includes the fuzing and ordnance business, F-35 Display Systems and Airport Security Equipment, more than offsetting the expected headwind in the Defense Training Solutions due to last year’s competitive loss of the C-17 training contract and lower volume from Commercial Flight Simulator sales.  Margin expanded 10 basis points to 13.6% and in the first half segment revenue was up 3% with margin expansion of 10 basis points to 14.1%. Overall L3 had a strong first half, tracking above the guidance set at the beginning of the year and ahead of the amounts disclosed in the S4.  Looking forward, as we announced on July 1 and detailed in the appendix to the webcast slides, we have organized L3 Harris into four segments, that group technologies and capabilities to allow us to compete across multiple missions and domains. Cutting across these segments, we have business development, operations and program excellent functions to drive further growth, while achieving greater costs and operational and programmatic efficiency.  We have worked on the structure since we announced the merger in October and have assembled an outstanding, seasoned and collaborative team to lead the new organization. I’m excited to be part of it and look forward to the work ahead.  With that, I will turn it over to Jay. 
Jay Malave: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. It’s an honor to join the L3 Harris team and I look forward to working with the analyst investor community once again.  In a moment I will discuss L3 Harris guidance for the second half of calendar year 2019 and as a reminder, we have transitioned to calendar year reporting. But beforehand, in order to provide context and support for the guidance, I will walk through the L3 and Harris combined financials for the first half of calendar year 2019, which we prepared on the basis Anurag described at the start of the call and I’ll also note various drivers in year-over-year comparisons in those results. Similarly all comparisons included in the guidance discussion are to the compatible prior year period L3 and Harris combined financials.  Okay, starting with results. In the second quarter revenue was up 7% and EBIT increased 16% on higher volume and operational efficiencies, resulting in margin expansion of 140 basis points to 16.3%.  EPS grew by 27% to $4.65 and free cash flow was slightly above $1 billion, up more than 50% from last year. First half book-to-bill was 1.07.  Turning to our new segment structure on slide eight, integrated Mission Systems revenue for the quarter was $1.25 billion, up 3% driven by strong growth in Electro-Optical Airborne Imaging Systems and continued strength in the ISR Aircraft Missionization business, including the Australian Peregrine program.  Operating income for the segment was up 14% to $150 million from higher volume and improved program performance. Operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 12.6%.  For the first half, segment revenue was up 12% and operating income increased 17% with margin expansion of 50 basis points to 12.1%. First half book-to-bill was 1.16.  Next in Space and Airborne Systems on slide nine, revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion, up 17%, driven by double digit growth in avionics and electronic warfare, from a production ramp and new contact on long term aircraft platforms, as well as continued strength in classified space. Segment operating income increased 25% to $225 million and margin expanded 120 basis points to 18.8% from higher volume, stronger program performance and operational efficiencies. For the first half, segment revenue was up 16% and operating income increased 19% with margin of 18.2%. First half book-to-bill was 1.13.  Switching to Communication Systems on slide 10, revenue for the quarter was up 6% from strong growth in DoD Tactical and Public Safety, partially offset by lower deliveries of L3 night vision products due to timing and the transitional impact to full operational capability of the UAE Land Tactical System program.  Segment operating income was up 10%, and margin expanded 80 basis points to 21.6%. A strong program execution offset the mix impact from the ramp in Tactical Radio Modernization programs.  For the first half, segment revenue was up 12% and operating income increased 18% with margin expansion of 100 basis points to 21.5%. First half book-to-bill was 0.96 and that’s coming off a book-to-bill of 1.27 in the last six months of 2018.  And lastly in Aviation Systems on slide 11, revenue for the quarter was up 2% as growth in precision engagement, airport security equipment and FAA programs was partially offset by the expected headwind in Defense Training Solutions due to last year’s loss of the C-17 training contract and lower volume for Commercial Flight Simulators.  Segment operating income was up 11% and margin expanded 90 basis points from better cost management. For the first half segment revenue was up 1% and operating income increased 9% with margin expansion of 90 basis points to 10.5%. First half book-to-bill was 0.99.  Okay, now turning to guidance for the second half on slide 12. The strong year-to-date performance gives us confidence that we will continue to outperform markets in the back half of the year.  Starting with the top-line, we expect second half revenue to be up in the range of 9.5% to 10.5% with strong growth across all segments. This is supported by high visibility sales coverage from our backlog and high probability follow-on opportunities.  Second half total company EBIT margin is expected to be up approximately 170 basis points to 16.7% from higher volume, operational efficiencies and cost synergies. EPS is expected to be in the range of $4.95 to $5.05, which reflects higher profit and share repurchases which we will initiate over the next few days.  As announced on July 1, the Board has approved a 10% dividend increase and a $4 billion dollar share repurchase authorization program of which we will utilize $2.5 billion over the next 12 months.  In the second half we expect to generate free cash flow in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.35 billion, reflecting higher earnings and one to two day reduction in working capital from June 2019. Capital expenditures are expected to be $190 million or 2% of revenue in the second half.  For the full year revenue is expected to be up in the range of 9.5% to 10.5%, with EBIT margin of approximately 16.2%, and EPS in the range of $9.60 to $9.70. Full year free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.35 billion.  Turning to the EPS bridges on slides 14 and 15, expected second half EPS at the midpoint of $5 reflects an increase of $0.94, driven by higher volume across the four segments, operational efficiencies and cost synergies, partially offset by the impact of a higher tax rate of about 18%. Expected full year EPS at the midpoint of $9.65 reflects a total increase of $1.65 with a $1.70 driven by operational improvement and cost synergies, an additional $0.17 coming from the elimination of L3 intangible and pension amortization and lower interest and share count, partially offset by a $0.22 tax headwind. Switching to the segment outlook: In Integrated Mission Systems we expect revenue to be up approximately 10.5% in the second half, driven by continued strength in Airborne Imaging Systems and growth in ISR Aircraft Missionization and Maritime Platforms with operating margin of approximately 12.5%.  Full year segment revenue is expected to be up approximately 11.2%, with operating margin of approximately 12.3%. Space and Airborne Systems revenue is expected to be up approximately 11.5% in the second half, driven by continued double digit growth in avionics and electronic warfare and strong growth in classified space. Segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 18.7%. Full year segment revenue is expected to grow approximately 13.9% with operating margin of approximately 18.4%.  Communication Systems revenue is expected to be up approximately 9.5% in the second half, driven by strong growth across all sectors with operating margin in the range of 22.1%. Full year segment revenue is expected to be up approximately 10.7% with operating margin of approximately 21.8%.  Lastly, Aviation Systems revenue is expected to be up approximately 7% in the second half, driven largely by continued double digit growth in precision engagement. Operating margin is expected to be up – I’m sorry, expected to be approximately 14% from improvements in EDD and productivity initiatives across the second.  Full year segment revenue is expected to grow approximately 4% with operating margin of about 12.3%. So to summarize, we expect the first half momentum to carry over to the second half in addition to the benefit from cost synergies, resulting in a strong 2019.  I’ll stop here and turn it back over to Bill for closing remarks. 
William Brown: Well, thank you Jay and that’s a lot to take in. So let me wrap up with a few comments on the budget and our strategic priorities going forward.  In regard to the budget, I’m very encouraged by the recent bipartisan deal ranging the BCA caps over the next two years and removing the thread of sequestration. We continue to believe the House of Senate will support increased funding to meet the national security demands, which are well aligned with our core franchises. With budget outlays continuing to lag budget appropriations, we expect growth momentum to continue in the medium term.  A few weeks ago Chris and I aligned with our leadership team on our top strategic priorities, first and foremost being integration and accelerating the capture of cost synergies. We now expect to hit our gross run rate of $150 million by the end of calendar ’19, putting us on track to meet or exceed 40% or $200 million of gross savings in calendar 2020.  We are off to a great start on segment and head quarter consolidations and supply chain activities, and we are growing increasingly confident exceeding $500 million gross cost synergies in calendar ‘22.  Other priorities include, driving operational excellence to our new program called E3: Excellence Everywhere Everyday, establishing a new performance culture, building on the strengths of both companies, investing smartly and aggressively in technology to grow revenue and increase share, reshaping our portfolio to focus on high margin, high growth, technology differentiated businesses and maximizing cash flow that will be returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends.  Overall the progress and alignment in the first 30 days has exceeded our expectations, and we feel even more confident in the strategic combination, and our ability to deliver shareholder value.  So with that, let me turn to the operator to open the line for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research Partners. Caller, you may proceed. 
Robert Stallard : Thanks so much. Good morning. 
Bill Brown: Hey, good morning Robert. 
Robert Stallard : Maybe a quick first question for Bill. There was some commentary, the Paris Air Show, the combined company might be looking at some post-merger disposals and I wonder if there had been any further thought or development on that front? 
William Brown : Well Rob, thanks for the question. Yeah, it’s definitely a key priority as I mentioned in my closing remarks in terms of top priorities for the management team. Certainly as we’ve talked about before on this call and other venues, a broader mix of businesses gives us an opportunity to take a fresh look at the combined company portfolio and really think about what fits, what doesn’t fit, certainly gives us an optionality to do something’s with businesses that we no longer consider strategic.  We continue to look at this through a couple of different lenses. Certainly one is, does the business have technology that’s required by differentiation? Can we deliver good returns? Can we grow and win, gain share etcetera, and we are going to evaluate what businesses were based on those metrics.  We continue to have this dialogue, Chris and I are working very hard on this, we are engaging our new board on this as well. We are not going to deliberate decisions and discussions in public, but it’s really top of mind to us Rob. 
Robert Stallard : Okay thanks, and then maybe as a follow-on Jay and welcome back. In the free cash flow guidance, that’s around $400 million worth of adjustments and I was wondering how many of these one off items for 2019 and won’t be repeating themselves in 2020 and beyond? Thanks. 
Jay Malave : Are you talking about the back half, Rob. 
Robert Stallard : Yeah, it’s in the release. There’s a reconciliation of the guidance for the full year. We’ve got 1875 to 1925 and then the number of adjustments gets you to 2.3 to 2.35 adjusted free cash flow for the year. 
Jay Malave : Right, so when you look at that, we will continue to expect some of the integration costs, we’ll still see it going into next year from a cash basis. But let me just take you back to the second half of free cash flow, because we expect you know an up-tick in net income. There will be a little bit of an outflow related to our working capital within one or two days improvement, but we’re going to try to hold that flat and we’ll see a little bit of a benefit in cash taxes.  So we feel good about the second half, specific to your question in terms of what we see going next year. As I mentioned there will be some continued costs related to the integration, restructuring type level of costs and those type of items, but beyond that I don’t expect there to be other significant items that will repeat going forward. 
Bill Brown: I mean just in a nutshell, I think for the year Rob, $260 million of free cash impact from deal and integration cost. We had about $25 million or so in the first half. The $235 million will be in the back half. About $100 million of that 95 are going to be deal cots; that’s going to be behind us by Q3. You know the balance is integration costs and we’ll see some little drag forward into calendar ‘20 on integration costs as well. 
Robert Stallard : That’s very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Caller you may proceed. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Thanks. Good morning Bill and Chris and welcome Jay. On the deal closing you guys increased share repurchases in your dividends, how are you may be thinking about your overall free cash flow target and targeting return to shareholders? 
Bill Brown: Well, I think you know as Jay was alluding to, we feel good about this year in terms of cash generation. We are still targeting $3 billion three years out, that’s calendar ’22, we’ll certainly ramp to that. So I think we’re off to a really good start in terms of the cash we generated in the first half. You know LTM cash, what we are going to do this year. So you know, all that’s looking pretty good.  We ended June on a proforma basis with $1.7 billion of balance sheet. You know we are going to generate about say $2.5 billion more or less in the next 12 months. So that’s puts us about $4.2 billion more or less of cash available for deployment. You know our dividend is about $700 million, $680 million and that’s including the 10% increase we did, that we announced on July 1 that will be enacted here in August, we’ll reevaluate that in January, about $700 million in dividends.  We have about $300 million worth of deal and integration costs, we just spoke about that over the next 12 months. We had to fund the surf [ph] and differed compensation programs, but what that means, that leave you about $3 billion over that period of time. For things that do, $2.5 billion is on buyback and about $0.5 billion Sheila, that’s going to be held on the balance sheet, just because that’s what we require for normal working capital needs.
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Sure. Thanks and then maybe just on the margins, the pro forma margin guidance for the total company implies second half margins are up 80 basis points over the first half. But just a decent acceleration, can you maybe talk about the moving pieces, how much of that is coming from synergies versus the underlying business profitability? 
Bill Brown: Yeah, so you’re right Sheila, the first half on a pro forma basis up 90 basis points, the second half up 170, so it’s up subsequently as well, 16.7. For the year about 130 basis points of margin expansion, so 16 too, a little bit better than we had though when we put the deal together in the S4, so we feel good about the trajectory.  You know as we mentioned on the call about $40 million on the back half is coming from net cost synergies. There’s a road map in the back on the EPS bridge which indicates the absence of L3 intangibles and pension amortization for another $40 million $43 million.  We see an operational improvement year-over-year in a couple of businesses from L3 including EDD. We see operational excellence savings which offset some mix, grow some investments in the back half, all of which gets us to about that 170 in the back half and we feel it’s pretty well calibrated. 
Sheila Kahyaoglu : Thanks. Very precise as always. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Caller, you may proceed.
Carter Copeland : Hey, good morning gentlemen. 
Bill Brown: Good morning. 
Carter Copeland : Just a couple quick ones. One, I realize it’s hard because we didn’t have a, you know a Harris guide for the next, you know sort of fiscal year out there. But it looks like on a pro forma basis the top line that you’ve you know put forth for the second half is a little bit ahead of where we may have been on a pro forma basis coming in. Can you just verify that and maybe help us size it.  And then as a follow on, you know I wondered as part of the many decisions you made in getting the deal closed and what not, where you shook out on things like incentive compensation, not necessarily for the executive team, but as you go a layer down in terms of you know driving this sort of behavior that you want and so was anything useful or notable to speak about there that that will help us understand, you know where your points of emphasis are? Thanks guys. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, sure Carter, thanks. So really on the first point, first of all Harris is feeling a little bit backtracking, a bit better on our calendar ‘19 in terms of versus the S4 and a combined company basis. For calendar ‘19 we are about a $0.5 billion better. So you know it’s quite a bit stronger than we envisioned late last year when we put out the S4, but again as we mentioned at that time, the S4 was related to strategic plans which were put together earlier in the year over the summer.  You know when the markets guide a bit better, we want some strategic opportunities, so we feel good about where we are at in calendar ’19, a bit better than we started. You know ‘20 is looking pretty good as well as certainly with the budget, a backdrop, you know a strong funded backlog at the beginning – at the midpoint of the year, up 15%. So a lot of this tracking I think for really good top line progress.  On the comp program, you know we are still in discussions with our Board in terms of what we do going forward, but you know Chris and I, you know obviously there’s a short term plan and a longer term plan. On the short term basis it will be some combination of revenue op-income and free cash, and since we all know the importance of cash generation, the impotence of driving working capital improvements, you know there’s probably a slight tilt towards free cash, much like we did a number of years ago at Harris. You’ll note Chris mention about the big step up in the first half and free cash generation, a 5x over the first half of last year. I think 50% of the short term comp for the L3 executives came on free cash, and we all know when you incentivize for something you get results. So that’s kind of what we are thinking on a short term basis. Longer term it will be performance based equity, you know that will be tied to the targets we are discussing with share owners. 
Carter Copeland : Okay, great. Thanks. 
Bill Brown: You bet Carter. 
Carter Copeland : Our next question comes from Peter Arment of Baird. Caller, you may proceed. 
Peter Arment : Yeah thanks. Good morning Bill, Chris, Jay. A question Jay, I guess on CapEx you mention $190 million for the second half of the year, about 2% of revenues. Just thinking about longer term as we think over the forecast period and thinking about your integration period, is that still a good number to go off of about 2% of sales? 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah I believe it is Peter, I mean 2% this year on a full year basis, that’s $380 million, $190 million in the first half, $190 million in the second half. I think going forward it feels like that’s the right place to be to fund and be prepare for the growth, and yeah, I think 2% is where we should go with. 
Peter Arment : Okay, and just as a quick follow up. I know you are not talking about quarterly guidance here, but just thinking about the second half guidance that you put out. Is there anything you’d call out regarding 3Q versus 4Q either on the EPS or free cash flow, just thinking from a modeling perspective for the street? Thanks. 
Bill Brown: Nothing material Peter. There’ll be additional non-GAAP charges in Q3, because of some of the deal and integration expenses, but on a non-GAAP reported earnings per share, revenue growth should all look pretty stable, Q3 versus Q4. 
Peter Arment : Thank you for the color. 
Bill Brown: You bet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Strauss of Barclays. Caller, you may proceed. 
David Strauss: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for all the information and welcome Jay. 
Jay Malave : Thank you, David. 
David Strauss: Bill, you used to have – in the Harris deck you had a slide that showed the medium term outlook by segment. I want to see if you might offer, since we are new to the combined company segment, so I wanted to see if you would offer your thoughts on kind of how the growth rates relative to each other among the segments might look going forward and also from a margin opportunity, beyond what we’re looking at for the second half of ’19. 
Jay Malave : Well David, I mean it’s still a bit early. I mean obviously we just put the company together and it took enormous work to put together pro forma guidance in the back half. So it’s a little bit premature to get out beyond that, but maybe just some high level comments without getting into the segment by segment looks here.  You know for us, I mean looking at 10% growth in a calendar year, in the industry that happened to be in, it’s pretty special. You follow us, you follow others in the space. You know looking at 10% in the back half feels pretty good as well.  So you know I mentioned the S4 is a little dated. We are doing a lot better than the S4, about $0.5 billion stronger this year. So we’re coming off a stronger starting point. You know in the S4 I think L3 numbers were growing at 5% to 6% in that range. We are a bit, a little bit higher than that. You know I see us continuing to grow in that mid to high single digit range into ‘20 and maybe a little bit beyond that.  It comes from you know a good bipartisan budget deal. You know the topline budget is not growing that much, 3% and then basically flat the year after, but the certainty that provides, the funding lines that we see tactical, F-35, other plays that affect the business look very, very good and very positive. It features a $122 billion worth of appropriations that are out there, that are exceeding the outlays. So those outlays have to catch up. This is a lot of dry-powder in the system that should keep, well you know all of the boats moving in the water and we feel pretty good about the medium term outlook.  On the margins side, look ending at 16.2 this year will be a great result. You know we’re at the front end of our ramp on synergies. Only $40 million this year getting to $300 million several years out, that’s another 170, 180 basis points. So if you could kind of run the math and get to 18% pretty quickly a few years out, and we’ll ramp to that as quickly as we can. So you know as we look out in the back end of the year we feel great and I think the outlook into calendar ‘20 also looks pretty good too. 
David Strauss: Okay, that’s helpful. As a follow-up I wanted to ask about the free cash flow cadence beyond this year. So you know you are guiding to the full year adjusted free cash flow number around $2 billion, $3 billion. You’ve got this $3 billion target for 2022, I guess counter 2022. You know and applies like a little less than 10% CAGR between here and there, which just seems a little light given what you are talking about from a working capital upside opportunity and synergies. Can you just help square that, why it’s not a higher growth rate between here and there? 
Bill Brown: You know look, we feel really good about where we ended on an LTM basis on cash and just for you know referencing a couple of data points. I mean Harris over the last 12 months was better than, by four days of working capital. So we went from 45 to 41, a day or two better than we thought a couple months ago.  L3s results were 12 days better, year-over-year in the June ending quarter. You know so we are making good progress. Over the balance of the year we are only looking at another day or two between June and the back end of the year. You know but we are starting from our 75 days pro forma at the end of June. You know Harris is sitting at 41.  You know I think we got a lot of opportunity ahead of us, let’s get through the next couple of quarters, we’ll give you guidance on calendar ’20, and certainly as I look at Chris and Jay, you know we’re all over trying to figure out a way to make sure the cash gets accelerated, that’s certainly what we’re trying to do.
Chris Kubasik: David, keep in mind, the working capital is going to want to grow with the increase in volume. So our challenge is going to be to take out the productivity in working capital and hold it flat over that period of time. 
Chris Kubasik: You know I’ll just chime in, that we are clearly focused on this David. You’ve seen the progress as Bill mentioned, the 12 days. The good news is a lot of that is coming out of inventory, a little bit out of day sales outstanding. So we haven’t even really focused on the payable levels. So the teams are working as hard and we’re allocating targets right down to the program manager level. Everybody knows what they need to do to achieve these targets. 
David Strauss: Great! Thanks everyone. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. Caller, you may proceed. 
Gautam Khanna : Yes, thank you. I may have missed it, but Bill could you talk about maybe some sort of ballpark of what you expect in divestments now that the deal is closed in terms of size? Maybe by sales, and then I have a follow-up. 
Bill Brown: No, I don’t think that we’re to sort of size it because the decisions aren’t yet made you know, and we are at the front end of the process. It’s going to take some time to get alignment, you know work the process and what I’ll do Gautam as I’ve done before, I know Chris has done before is, you know rather than talking about something that we are going to do, I’ll talk about what we have done when that is done.  So we don’t have a predetermined target for what we’re trying to do. Again what we are looking at is, is we want to make sure the management team is focused on the business that are strategic, ones that are technology driven, have great returns we can win and Chris and I spent a lot of time in the last few months on this. We working with our boards; we’ve got a meeting coming up in a couple of weeks on this. So we are on it, but I’m not going to size how much the divestiture might be until we really get around to making some decisions around that. 
Gautam Khanna : I appreciate that. Just a quick follow up, tactical comp, book-to-bill look pretty strong. I was wondering if you could give us some flavor on you know the 12 to 18 months outlook, the pipeline, international domestic and just any commentary you can give around. 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, but look, I mean the international pipeline remains pretty good at about $2.5 billion and the shape of its not changed a lot. So we had a good finish on international, basically flattish on Q4, but we had a good year about 3%. You know DoD pipeline is around $1.7 billion, so it’s up a little bit.  What’s interesting is the mix. It’s about 50/50 now between base and modernization, as we would have expected, modernization is starting to grow and we’re seeing that over the course of fiscal ’19. It basically tripled in size in terms of modernization. The pipeline is now half modernization, that’s back stopped by what is a pretty good budget outlook.  So I got to tell you Gautam, we had a good year intact, where the guys did such a great job. You know we were up about 13% this year in calendar ’19. You know it’s going to be you know about 10%, 12% or so, low double digit in the back half. DoD is going to continue to grow pretty well.  When we see international, the low to mid-single digit range, so we see continued momentum in this business you know and it goes beyond the back end of the year based on what I’m seeing in the budget. So you know the tactical business is performing very well as expected. 
Gautam Khanna : And last one from me, Bill any major recompletion monitoring over the next 12 months. Thank you. 
Bill Brown: In major recompetes, what was the question? Okay, I think if it was a major recompetes, we are going to see a lot over the last 12 months. I mean there’s always places that we are bidding, and there’s opportunities out there, you know but there’s nothing that’s really significant. The one that really comes to the mind is what we call our sensor program. That’s where we do maintenance for ground based telescopes, out of all sites around the work, the legacy Exelis program to $150 million to $200 million a year of revenue, it’s under a recompete.  But it’s one of those programs I feel very strongly about. From way back when we bought Exelis it was about 35%, 38% on time delivery. We closed the quarter around 94%, 95% very, very good reputation with the customer. So that’s the only one that’s jumping off my mind as a recompete and certainly I got my eye on it, but nothing more than that Gautam. So thanks for the question. 
Gautam Khanna : Thanks you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ciarmoli of SunTrust. Caller you may proceed. 
Michael Ciarmoli : Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions and a nice result. Just on the second half margins, specifically the aviation segment, I think you’ve got you know pretty strong margin expansion in the second half of the year. They are looking at 14% versus you know 10.5%. You gave some initial comments on what’s driving that, but can you be a little bit more specific there on the sharp margin expansion in that segment? 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah, this is Chris. We see an up ramp from a couple of main drivers. If you recall we have the EDD business in there, which of course is a tough compare for ‘18 compared to ’19. So we talked earlier in January about a significant improvement, 40 basis points from not having the same issues of EDD which we don’t expect to have in ‘19 that we had an ’18.  We have some E3 savings that are pretty significant in the $40 million range and we have a pretty good road path to execute upon those and you know we have some growth opportunities in the commercial aviation sector, specifically avionics that has higher margins in addition to some, using an ordinance opportunities. All that contributes to the guidance we gave. 
Michael Ciarmoli : Got it, and then just a bigger picture on the defense budget. I know we’ve got the two year budget deal, but any thoughts on sort of what’s taking place now with the expansion of this night core process that you know mark us for looks to be implementing. Do you guys see this as a risk or opportunity as you look at the potential pipeline of business, you know versus modernization, legacy, I know you know funding lines look good now, but it seems like you know what we saw take place at the Army could be expanding now into the Navy and Air Force and just wondering how you guys are viewing that process? 
Bill Brown: Well look, I think it’s still very early. It was only confirmed very recently, but through what he did when he was Army Secretary was actually a very positive, very productive. I think it’s notable that he with Ryan McCarthy, with the Chief got together and really prioritize where they want to spend limited army dollars and focus on key priorities, and start to move away from things that weren’t you know all that critical.  The fact is I think between what we do, what L3 does on a combined basis. You know the fact is working on important programs and I think we ended up doing very well through the army process. I’d envision the same thing for across DoD what is now going to work on. So you know the discipline of looking at where they want to spend dollars is important and I think based on the things that were working on, you know we are going to be, I would think we are going to end up being pretty strong here. 
Michael Ciarmoli : Sounds good. Thanks guys. 
Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Shapiro of Shapiro Research. Caller, you may proceed. 
George Shapiro : Hi, good morning. I was wondering, Bill if you could provide a breakdown of your revenues between the O&M budget and the investment budget, because L3 had a high percentage from the O&M budget? 
Bill Brown: Yeah, no, on the DoD side, so we are about 55%, 60% DoD and it’s not 50/50 O&M versus procurement. 
George Shapiro : Okay and then with some of the shorter cycle businesses that you are in and the flattening of the budget, is there any concern that your growth rate can slow somewhat quickly or more quickly than others with longer cycle businesses might have or you think that you gained enough share that we keep going on with better than industry growth rates.
Bill Brown: Yeah I mean the short cycle business that we really have talked about in the past George is really around the tactical radio business and that has become, you know when we merge with Exelis, it became a smaller piece of the overall company. Certainly as we improved in the other segment you know so it was like 35%, 36% of the legacy Harris companies, not even the smaller part of L3 Harris.  You know but the fact is, it is a relatively quick turn business, but it’s a little bit different today than it would have been a few years ago. But today lot more of the business is driven by modernization, and modernization, there’s a lot more visibility into it than these quick turn O&M funded orders that we would have gotten in the past.  So I’m not terribly concerned, we had a very, very strong calendar of fiscal ’19. We had a really extraordinary first half of calendar ’19 in DoD Tactical. Well, that would naturally mitigate itself from or slow down a little bit in the back half, but it’s still very healthy growth, north of 20%. So look, it’s a great business, we’re across all of the different platforms, different contract vehicles, all the services on the front end of what we believe is a multiyear ramp here George.
George Shapiro : Okay, very good. Thanks very much. 
A - Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Spingarn of Crédit Suisse. Caller, you may proceed. 
Rob Spingarn : Hi, good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning Rob. 
Rob Spingarn: Congrats on the deal. I just wanted to go back to the guidance and this really could be for anybody, but Jay this is the guidance you gave. If I look at the second half revenues, it looks like in everything but AS, we have a slight decrease in growth. Is that just comps or is there anything else going on there? 
Jay Malave : Yeah Rob, some of it is comps. We had you know up in the last half of last year some pretty significant growth rates, but you’re talking, you’re kind of splitting hairs. In the Integration Mission System business it was 12% growth in the first half, we were expecting around 10.5%, so a real slight reduction there. In Communication Systems we are nearly 12%, we’re going to be 9.5% there, close to 10%.  And so yeah, I’d say more compares than anything else, but the growth rates are still pretty substantial and pretty significant to support the 10% in the back half. As I said in my comments, high visibility with the backlog. We have 90% visibility in the backlog to the back half and so we feel really good about going into this next six months. 
Rob Spingarn: And then I guess for the increase in growth in AS, does this go back to the comments that Chris just made about some new programs or are there things ramping there? 
Bill Brown: We are seeing, you know what Chris called the Precision Engagement Systems business. It ramps a bit more in the back half than the front half. It grew really nicely in the first half. You know even stronger in the back and it’s just a lot of classified work that Chris and his team have solidify themselves on, plus a lot of fusing business for munitions and that [inaudible] there is pretty high.  We’re also getting you know a little bit better comps on the commercial training business, the defense training business looks a little bit better, the C-17 carries for the full year, but there’s F-16 wins that have happened that’s going to help mitigate the C-17 loss in the back half. So really across all the pieces of AS it just get better and that’s where we are seeing you know better growth in the back half than the front half. 
Rob Spingarn: Okay, and then just a clarification, just on the proceeds from the night vision sale, just the L3 pension pre-funding that I think you were going to direct those proceeds toward, has that happened? Is that in the op-cash flow guidance for this year? 
Bill Brown: You know what’s going to happen is so we’re still on track with that. The net proceeds will be about $325 million. We expect to get through the process in Q3, its deep in the sypheus [ph] review and that will be used to prefund the pension. You know that would basically mitigate any cash contributions on the all three sides of the pension through the next couple years into calendar ’22. So that’s like a $70 million, $80 million improvement if you will in cash, but you know remember night vision generated some cash, so there’s a bit of an offset. On an annualized basis that sort of a $50 million, $60 million net benefit to us on the free cash side and that is in our guidance. 
Rob Spingarn: The timing is in the guidance for this year. 
Bill Brown: Its not in the back half. It’s in the outlook as we are getting into ’20 and beyond. 
Rob Spingarn: Okay, thank you that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Safran of Buckingham Research Group. Caller, you may proceed. 
Richard Safran: Thanks. Bill, Chris, Jay good morning, how are you? 
Bill Brown: Good Rich, good morning. 
Richard Safran: First I had a bit of a top level kind of philosophy question here. You know for lack of a better term, you know commercial business model has really been at the core of Harris. So what I wanted to ask was how long you might think it might take to apply that model to the new combined company? How long do you think it might be before we see tangible results? Just interested in any color you could provide there on how you are thinking about implementing that? 
Bill Brown: Well, it’s a great question and its less philosophical, more a financial in a sense of what we’ve tried to do. You know relate back to where we were three years ago with Exelis. Exelis manufactured radios and for Wayne it was under a sort of normal model and with cost disclosures and we moved that up to Rochester. It took us some time, but that’s now our full commercial model business.  And L3 WESCAM, the WESCAM business had a very profitable, nice size business, growing very well, great positions around the world, that’s a commercial model business, much like what we do in the tactical side. There’s a possibility to take the SATCOM business that L3 has was very strong and over time migrate that to a commercial model. It’s something that we’ll work on. It may not be a needle mover in the next couple of years. It’s something that obviously we are focused on, but I wouldn’t say that that’s going to be the key driver to margin expansion. It’s going to come through operational excellence, it’s going to come through synergy, it’s going to come though basic better performance in our company. So I mean we are certainly on it, Richard. 
Richard Safran: Okay, thanks for that. Now, just quickly on the F-35 program, you know just following up on your opening remarks, you know just generally we’ve see a lot of changes among suppliers on the F- 35 program. So I just wanted to know, you know are there still incremental opportunities out there for you on that program and if possible in your answer, could you just discuss how your content on that platform is evolved?
Bill Brown: Yeah, sure. We you know – now I’m going to quote the number. This is probably just legacy of Harris. I’m looking to Anurag and Jay to confirm this. So there’s like $2.2 million per ship set today. So we do the common components, we do the maddle [ph] system, we do the release systems, so about $2.2 million. That we know is going to grow to about $2.7 million over the next several years. You know we won three different pieces of what they call Tech New Fresh , so one is the mission computer called the ICP. You know there is the aircraft memory system, as well as the electronic unit, the Panorama cockpit display, PCD EU and all those things add together over time to give us another $0.5 billion of content for F-35. So that’s going to grow in terms of content per ship set and then it’s going to also grow with the ramp, which is why it’s an important one for us to keep talking about. As the number of the ship set continue to growth, plus our content continues to grow, it’s going to continue to be a growth driver for the company. 
Chris Kubasik: And Richard on the Legacy L3, as you know we have the crypto, we have the display, so you know think of another 500 or 600 per ship set as well and when we put the merger together, we talked about the benefits of scale. I think Lockheed Martin would knowledge we were one of the top suppliers. It gives you better access to the management team to be a part of the strategy and we would expect a bid on other components in the years ahead, given our scale and investments.
Richard Safran: Thanks very much; appreciate that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Caller, you may proceed. 
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning everybody. 
Bill Brown: Morning. 
Noah Poponak: In the three, the $3 billion, three year free cash flow target, what is the you know underlying organic business segment. So you know putting aside anything below the line, putting aside the working capital opportunity in the synergies, just the core newly combined business segment EBITDA growth rate on that three year basis that you are assuming in the $3 billion. 
Bill Brown: Yeah, I think topline is around 5%, 6%, a little bit higher than that on a EBITDA growth. When we – it yields about $0.5 billion of incremental net income, incremental cash coming from growth over the three year period.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I guess 500 on the new – should I be thinking about that relative to the 23 to 23.5, so I would kind of 20% of that, but over three years, so call it a 6% CAGR. 
Bill Brown: Yet it was off like a $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion free cash basis. So it’s going to be maybe a little bit less than that, but yeah it’s in about that range, 6%, 7%.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just to make sure I have the bridge correct, working off of this year, in the 23 to 23.5 how much working capital and synergy is in there? It sounded like the one to two days of working capitals maybe $50 million and then I thought I saw $40 million of synergy in the deck, but then I, Bill I heard you saying 150. I didn’t know if maybe that was a run rate number. Can you just clarify those for me? 
Bill Brown: Yeah sure, so there’s $40 million of net synergies in the back half, net synergies in the full year as well and that drop through into generating cash on an after tax basis. The 150 is the run rate will be added in terms of costs synergies by the calendar year. So that’s the run rate we’ll be at – which gives us confidence that we can be at $200 million, so in calendar ‘20 gross savings dropping through, so that’s how we talked about it.  Over the course of the back end of the year, I think we’re around 75 days on a pro forma basis in June. As Jay pointed out, we’re expecting one to two days of improvement, sequentially through the back end of the working capital, so anything around 74, 73 days. 
Noah Poponak: Okay, so I should be kind of in the zone of maybe call it $100 million of the $500 million that you had for the – in that free cash flow bridge of net after tax energy plus capital efficiency, maybe $100 million of the $500 million is happening in 2019. 
Bill Brown: I’m not sure. I mean we’re looking at each other here, not sure…
Noah Poponak: Well, if its $40 million to $50 million of synergy and then one of two days of working capital, I guess, that would be. 
Bill Brown: The one – two ways of working capital on a full year basis is probably on the order of $30 million, $60 million in that range. So will be half that over the course of the back end of the year. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then just you know a bigger picture on the margins, you know clearly the margins will expand if you achieve the synergy plans, but should we be giving consideration for margin expansion in the underlying business before synergies. You know Harris kind of had incremental margins from the partially commercial model. Legacy L3 had plans to continue to improve the operations in the margins of the business before the deal. Is it fair to assume the margins are expanding independent of the synergies, and then synergies in addition to that?  It’s fair to assume that. Yeah, both independent businesses had talked about margin expansion. You know in both pieces it was on the order of 100 basis points and certainly the synergies that we had talked about that would be incremental to that, which is you know going back you know when we first talked about the deal on a pro forma basis, the EBIT margin was around 14. We said that we’d get around 17 through 100 basis point organic growth of margins, another 200 basis points on synergy to get to 17. Obviously while you’re coming here into calendar 16, we are doing a bit better than that as starting off here. So yeah, it is incremental to the benefits of synergies Noah. 
Noah Poponak: Great. Thanks very much. 
Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Caller, you may proceed. 
Seth Seifman : Thanks very much and good morning everyone. Apologize if I missed it in the prepared remarks, I know there was a lot going on, but the profitability in the communications business at L3 in the quarter, you know just nearly 8%. Maybe if you can address that, and it kind of seemed like we were moving path last year as she is and kind of – what kind of risks that presents going forward? 
Chris Kubasik: Yeah Seth, this is Chris. That was driven as we put in the prepared comments, mainly by the Maritime sector. We have a pretty strong international focus in Maritime, we have some steady cornerstone programs as they cover them on, there’s a column focused on sensors and control systems, but there are some new developments going on.  One, in the on Mandarin both service and undersea and that requires investments and I think we have some new programs for the Columbia and the destroyer and laser weapons. Those were slowed in the quarter by some additional costs to get those development programs on track, and those will have long 10 to 20 year lag once we get going. So it was focused on Maritime development to answer your question.
Seth Seifman : Great, thanks. And then Bill in Legacy Harris, the Space and Intelligence Segment, it seems like the book-to-bill for fiscal ‘19 was probably around 1.0, which is pretty solid and obviously there’s some good growth there, but there’s also you know a ton of growth in the Space budget. So maybe if you could talk a little bit about the visibility you have there, and you know the confidence you have that you guys are taking your fair share on the Space side? 
Bill Brown: Yeah look, Seth we feel very good about the space business. You’re right, I mean in the year the book-to-bill is over one, you know backlog came up a little bit, so there’s a good trend there and we’ve talked about that pretty consistently over the course of a fiscal ‘19 with the classified business being up in the teens or is looking pretty good.  That comes in a couple different areas. When we talk about classified businesses, it’s not just Space. So there’s opportunities in Space, it’s both exquisite as well as moving to SmallSat and the team has just done a great job, you know maintaining a strong position on exquisite components, while at the same time taking the lead on full end admission solutions with SmallSat. But our classified business in that area also relates to other domains and that’s business continues to go well. Again, the same philosophy moving from providing components to subsystem to now full mission solutions, whether they be terrestrial systems, near shore system, deep water systems, you know and that business has gone very well and it’s really this philosophy. There’s the budgets are coming up, and we are expanding in our ability to compete on more full end admission solutions, and you can see the trajectory happening in the back end of the year. We continue to see strong growth in the classified business. 
Chris Kubasik: I’ll just day that Bill and I spent a fair amount of time last week reviewing the classified business and I was thoroughly impressed with the technology and the opportunities. So we’re excited about the Space business going forward and other classified as well. 
Seth Seifman : Thanks very much everyone. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Raviv of Citi. Caller, you may proceed.
Jon Raviv: Hey, good morning, and thank you. Now that we had some more time pass, any sort of additional perspective on industry M&A would be appreciated by you guys as others talk of you know more skilled investments to increase their probability of wins, and by definition taking some market share. What do you consider the impact to be on LHX going forward besides bagging you a nice CFO?
Bill Brown: [Cross Talk] Exactly. So let me start into them as you led the fact. 
Chris Kubasik: Well look, I think we – so Chris and I started this conversation quite a long time ago, you know with a goal of creating a very large scale mission solutions prime and that's exactly what we've done. We continue to assess implication of what other people in the space do, but from what I look at, we’re just a company that we have created and the opportunities ahead of us; I think we're very well positioned.  When you talk about scale, I think we are scaling places where we need to be scaled. We were scaled in tactical radios and becoming scale in the space business, so scale in lots of different areas of the company you know and we feel great.  The company is a technology leader. You know our strategy is to continue to invest significantly and aggressively in innovation. You know we've been running about 4% of our revenue in Iraq and we continue to see that continue to go up. You know we've got great set of people who are great technologists and business leaders to drive our business.  You know what's going to require for us to win is continuing to accelerate the deployment of technologies into the market place, into the field as a war fighter and then continue to execute well on our programs. You know that's what we can do, and no matter what happens in the market and the changes in the structure, we're going to keep focused on what we do well, the things that we can control and it's a technology in a way we execute, so I think we're in a good spot here John. 
Jon Raviv: Great, thanks. I’ll keep it to one since I know we’re up for time here. 
Bill Brown: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Joshua Sullivan of Seaport Global Securities. Caller, you may proceed. 
Joshua Sullivan: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the time for the last question here. You are just given the success with the Exelis combination and maybe using that as a benchmark, can you talk about how the experience so far with L3 has then maybe similar to that integration and then maybe where it's been a little more dynamic? 
Bill Brown: Well, certainly it’s a much bigger scale you know clearly and there's a lot of complexity within L3 was a company built over 20 years through a lot of M&A and Chris has talked about the desire to move from a holding company to an operating company and we server one that journey. So getting information, getting it you know consistently across businesses is a bit of a challenge, but the reality is we’ve out of the gauge very, very, quickly; we've got a great seasoned integration team; people that are very experienced, they've done this before.  There are a lot of people from the Exelis integration. We're getting data very quickly; you know the enthusiasm and energy across the company is very good. You know it's gone from my vantage point certainly better than we would have imagined and better than we did with Exelis. You know we're going faster on supply chain. That was an area that took a little time to ramp up too on Exelis, so we’re acting a lot faster this time. Obviously with the segments and the headquarters we made those decisions, we execute on that on day one here which is very important.  You know the revenue opportunities ahead of us are quite significant, something that Chris is spending a lot of time on and we’re very encouraged. So we're going to get on that probably a lot faster this time than we do with excels. Keep in mind we're in a different market space, we’re different sort of part in the cycle.  Back with Exelis, we're still coming out of sequestration. The visibility and the budgets weren’t very strong, you know so we focused much more on cost side. This time it’s different, you know and Chris and the team are really putting a lot of time and effort into making sure we understand what the revenue opportunities are and then making sure that we fund them.  So you know I'm optimistic about the trajectory that we’re on here and clearly we want a great path to deliver $0.5 billion of gross cost synergies and hopefully a bit that more than that over time Josh. 
Joshua Sullivan: I appreciate that. I’ll keep it to one as well, thank you.
A - Bill Brown: So that wraps up our call. So thank you very, very much. Chris and I are very excited about the company that we’ve created and getting to the closure of this historic merger on exactly the minute that we thought we would be in mid-October of last year. There's a lot of precision in that as you'd expect from us in this team.  We're very excited, we're confident, created a lot of value for owners, but importantly Chris mentioned this in his comments; we have 50,000 employees of this company who are working very, very hard to deliver results, keep their focus on the customer and we want to thank them for all their efforts and we look forward to updating you again on the merger and the progress we’re having at the end of October for the next earnings release. So thank you very much. 
Operator: Today's concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day!

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Discussions today will include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. These statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available.  With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
William Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported strong third quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share up 30% to $2.11 on revenue growth of 11%, the highest top line growth we've seen in 8 years. Overall, company margin expanded 80 basis points to 19.7%, and free cash flow improved by over $250 million compared to the third quarter of last year. These results extend our exceptional year-to-date performance with non-GAAP earnings per share over the first 3 quarters up 26% on 10% revenue growth and free cash flow up 75% to $788 million.  The highlight again this quarter was our accelerating top line growth, a double-digit increase after 3 quarters of high single-digit increases with strong growth in all 3 segments and continued solid operating performance. Quarter momentum remained strong with a book to bill of 1.03 for the quarter and 1.1 for the first 3 quarters with total company-funded backlog up 15% over last year.  These results demonstrated relentless focus on day-to-day execution by our team in the midst of integration planning, and I want to especially recognize and applaud their efforts. With the approval from both L3 and Harris shareholders and Harris signing a definitive agreement to divest our Night Vision business, we remain on track to close the merger in mid-calendar 2019.  Let me start by first providing some details on the quarter performance before closing our prepared remarks with some additional color on the merger. So turning to Slide 4 in the webcast. Communications Systems revenue grew double digits for the fourth consecutive quarter, up 19%, driven by solid growth in DoD Tactical Communications and Public Safety.  DoD Tactical delivered another strong quarter with revenue up 55% driven by more than $100 million of modernization revenue from the Army, Marine Corps and SOCOM. This ramp in modernization, combined with strong readiness demand in the first quarter, has driven year-to-date DoD Tactical revenue growth of 28%. With 100% of Q4 revenue and backlog, we now expect DoD revenue to be up mid-20% versus the prior expectation of low 20% growth at mid-teens when we started the year.  International Tactical is flat for the quarter as the ramp of Australia modernization program, early adoption of multichannel products in Canada and ongoing counterterrorism support in the Middle East were offset by a tough compare in Eastern Europe. With Tactical -- International Tactical revenue up 4% for the first 3 quarters, 70% of Q4 revenue in backlog and increasing demand for multichannel products, we're confident that International will go low to mid-single digits in fiscal '19.  And we continue to execute well on our tactical radio strategy, win all DoD ground radio modernization programs, leverage platform investments to maintain international leadership and expand our addressable market into network systems and airborne. On DoD ground radios, we're at the front end of the Army modernization ramp. And with SOCOM and Marine Corps following close behind, we're expecting strong multiyear growth well supported by the President's recent budget request.  In GFY '20, the total tactical radio budget across the services grossed over $1 billion with the Army HMS request at $504 million or about 2/3 higher than GFY '19. We're expecting another LRIP on both the HMS manpack and 2-channel radio this summer, reflecting the Army's commitment to ramp from low-rate to full-rate production after the Operational Test in 2020. For the SOCOM 2-channel handheld program, we've completed the operational user acceptance test and received a $39 million production order in the quarter as we progress toward full-rate production. And finally from the Marine Corps, we received an initial order for HF and multichannel manpack radio, solidifying our incumbent position as they begin their modernization effort. All of these programs are well supported in the fight with a tactical budget request once again growing by more than $1 billion to $7.3 billion over the next 5 years.  The successful launch of our multichannel products and recent U.S. DoD wins have driven faster international adoption than we expected. In the quarter, we received an order from the Canadian Armed Forces as part of their multiyear modernization program, and we're selected by the special forces of 2 other NATO countries to supply 2-channel radios as they standardize on Harris in support of NATO and U.S. coalition interoperability. And we continue to have a strong pipeline of opportunities across Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East looking to refresh their large Harris-installed base of about 100 -- 350,000 radios with next-generation products.  And for the third prong of our strategy, to expand in the broader network systems, we recorded a win a New Zealand, leveraging our radio incumbency position. And we're selected as the prime systems integrator to modernize and upgrade their command and control network. This win builds on prior successes in Australia, UAE and other Middle Eastern and Asia Pacific countries as we open our aperture and provide more complete mission solutions. And then finally in March, we received our first international order for airborne radios on the Apache platform for a Middle East customer, opening a new market opportunity for us. This strategic win will help us expand in other air platforms in the region and increase our share of wallet with international customers as we grow our addressable market from ground to airborne radios.  Overall for the first three quarters, Tactical revenue grew 14% with a book to bill of 1.1, resulting in a 21% year-over-year backlog increase to over $1 billion. With strong growth in DoD Tactical and another quarter of double-digit growth in Public Safety, we're raising Communications Systems revenue guidance to be up about 12% for the year versus prior guidance of up 10% to 11%.  In Electronic Systems, revenue increased 7% from continued strong growth at avionics and electronic warfare as they continued to execute well on long-term platforms, the F-35, the F/A-18 and the F-16. Order momentum remained strong as well with ES, recording the seventh consecutive quarter with a book to bill greater than 1.  In electronic warfare, we received a $212 million contract to upgrade electronic countermeasure capabilities for U.S. Navy and Kuwaiti F/A-18s. This is our largest order to date on the F/A-18 platform, solidifying a 20-plus year relationship and bringing total contract value to $2 billion. In avionics, we were awarded a $129 million contract for the development phase of the open systems' integrated core processor on the F-35. This strategic win, combined with previous awards to provide the Aircraft Memory System and the Panoramic Cockpit Display, make us an integral part of the Tech Refresh #3 program and position us well for future opportunities on the F-35 platform. We've also leveraged our open-architecture technology and were selected to provide a processor for the newly redesigned trainer in MQ-25 platforms. We believe these wins provide us with a head start at open systems design and a foundation to build upon as additional platforms move towards a nonproprietary solution.  In the C4i business in the UAE, following the successful completion of the initial operating capability phase of the ELTS program, we were awarded a contract to provide tech support and training to the Armed Forces. This is an important milestone in this $1 billion-plus opportunity, which includes full operational capability across 5 army brigades, tactical radios and networking systems for other military services.  Year-to-date, Electronic Systems revenue was up 7% and book to bill was 1.2. With strong backlog and progress made in compressing the cycle time in our factory and our supply chain to accelerate the delivery capability to our customers, we're increasing Electronic Systems revenue guidance to up about 8.5% versus prior guidance of up 7% to 8%.  Finally, in Space and Intelligence Systems, revenue was up 7% as mid-teens growth in the classified business from the ramp of smallsat's exquisite systems and next-generation technology more than offset the headwinds on environmental programs. Order strength was broad-based across classified, environmental and other civil programs, resulting in a segment book to bill of greater than 1.  In classified, we received more than $400 million in orders, once again up double digits, as we leverage investments in innovation and strong customer relationships to strengthen our incumbency and increase our share of wallet with existing customers. In civil, we strengthened our position as a trusted mission partner on long-standing environmental programs and on GPS. And in environmental, we received a $293 million 3-year contract extension for NOAA's GOES-R ground system program, increasing the total contract value to $1.7 billion. This brings book to bill on environmental programs to 1.4 for the first 3 quarters and reinforces our confidence that the environmental business will return to growth next year. On the GPS program, our investment in a 100% digital mission data unit has extended our 40-year partner of-choice position and resulted in a $243 million award for the first 2 of 22 space vehicles under the sole-sourced GPS III follow-on contract.  For Space and Intel, year-to-date performance was strong with revenue up 7% and with nearly all of Q4 revenue in backlog and high confidence for follow-on opportunities, we now expect revenue growth of about 7% for the segment, at the high end of our previous guidance range of up 6% to 7%.  With our strong year-to-date performance, improving business outlook and growing backlog, we're once again increasing guidance across all metrics with company revenue now expected to be up about 9% versus previous guidance of up 8% to 8.5%, earnings per share of $8.15 and free cash flow of approximately $1.025 billion.  So now let me turn over to Rahul to cover financial results in more detail before I close with a few comments on the merger. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis, excluding out the deal and integration costs and onetime adjustments in the prior year.  Turning now to the total company results on Slide 5. Revenue was up 11% in the third quarter and earnings before interest and taxes increased 15% on higher volume and operational efficiencies, resulting in margin expansion of 80 basis points to 19.7%. EPS grew double digits for the sixth consecutive quarter to $2.11, and free cash flow increased 3x to $379 million as we reduced 12 days of working capital driven by structural improvements, resulting in a more linear cash flow through the year. We also repaid $300 million of debt in the quarter, completing the last tranche of planned debt repayment, enabling us to return future cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Year-to-date revenue was up 10% and earnings before interest and taxes increased 15% with margin expansion of 90 basis points to 19.6%. Free cash flow was robust in the first 3 quarters at $788 million, a 75% increase over the prior year and was approximately $1.25 billion over the last 12 months.  Turning to the third quarter EPS bridge on Slide 6. Year-over-year, EPS grew by 13% or $0.49. Of this, $0.30 of growth came from higher volume and solid program execution, which was partially offset by product and program mix. A lower tax rate, including benefit from tax reform, contributed $0.19.  Segment details on Slide 7. Communication Systems third quarter revenue was $568 million, up 19% versus the prior year. In addition to strong growth in Tactical, revenue was up double digits in Public Safety as the business continue to gain traction with federal and state agencies. Operating income for the segment was up 19% with strong margin at 30.3% from volume and operational efficiencies, partially offset by product and program mix. Year-to-date, segment revenue was up 15% with strong growth across all 3 businesses, and operating income increased 17%. Operating margin was up 80 basis points to 30.1% and year-to-date book to bill was 1.1. Historical information for Tactical orders, revenue and backlog is included as supplemental information at the end of this presentation.  Electronic Systems on Slide 8. Revenue was up 7% driven by growth in avionics and electronic warfare partially offset by transition on the ELTS program from initial to full operational capability. Segment operating income increased 14% to $123 million, and margin expanded 120 basis points to 19% from increased volume and strong operational performance. In addition to strength on long-term platforms, F-35, F-18 and F-16, double-digit growth in weapons release systems led to year-to-date segment revenue growth of 7% and operating income increased 13%. Operating margin was up 90 basis points to 19.1% and year-to-date book to bill was 1.2.  In Space and Intelligence Systems on Slide 9, third quarter revenue was $514 million, up 7%, and operating income grew 5% to $87 million from higher volume and strong program execution partially offset by higher investments in R&D and selling expenses. Year-to-date segment revenue increased 7% with continued growth in classified programs partially offset by a decline in environmental revenue. Operating income increased 6%, and operating margins remained strong at 17.5%. Year-to-date book to bill was 1.1.  Moving to Slides 10 and 11 for full year guidance. As Bill mentioned, given a strong year-to-date performance, we now expect revenue to be up approximately 9% versus the prior guidance of up 8% to 8.5%, reflecting strength in all 3 segments. We're increasing EPS guidance to approximately $8.15 or by $0.20 from the midpoint of prior guidance of $7.90 to $8. Higher volume is expected to contribute $0.11 of this increase with lower tax rate contributing the remaining $0.09. EPS now is expected to be up approximately 28% for the year with about 60% of the growth coming from operations and a balanced 40% from lower share count and the benefit of a lower tax rate.  We're also increasing free cash flow guidance to approximately $1.025 billion versus the prior guidance range of $1 billion to $1.025 billion driven by higher earnings. In fiscal '17 and '18, over 50% of free cash was generated in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, we have made structural working capital improvements to smoothen cash generation through the year, resulting in about 25% of the expected fiscal '19 free cash guidance to be generated in the fourth quarter.  We expect to end fiscal '19 with working capital of 43 days, a 2-day improvement over fiscal '18 and a 35-day improvement since the Exelis acquisition. Tax rate guidance is now approximately 15.5% versus approximately 16.5% previously, but half of the one point reduction was due to lower international tax primarily from increased FDII benefits and the other half from additional tax planning.  Switching to segment outlook. In Communication Systems, we now expect revenue to be up approximately 12% versus up 10% to 11% previously driven by strength in DoD Tactical and Public Safety. In Electronic Systems, we now expect revenue to be up approximately 8.5% versus up 7% to 8% previously driven by strong growth on long-term platforms. In Space, Intelligence, we now expect revenue to be up approximately 7%, at the high end of the previous guidance range of up 6% to 7% from continued momentum in the classified business. Margins for all 3 segments are expected to be at the midpoint of the previous guidance ranges, approximately 30% in Communication Systems, 19% in Electronic Systems and 17.5% in Space and Intelligence.  And with that, I would like to turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
William Brown: Okay. Well, thanks, Rahul. We're now in the homestretch of fiscal '19 and performing very well and better than our S-4 projections across all metrics: revenue, margin and cash flow, and we're on track for a record year. President's budget request for GFY '20 and beyond is a real positive for Harris and the programs that we support, especially in strategic growth areas where we invested in R&D over the past several years and have strong customer positions. In addition to tactical radio budgets, long-term platforms like the F/A-18, the F-35 are well supported and classified space and other IC budgets continue to trend up. And with outlays continuing to lag budget appropriations by more than $100 billion in investment accounts, we expect growth momentum to continue in the medium term.  Alongside our strong operating performance and execution, integration planning is progressing well. The team over the last 6 months has made significant progress in outlining an operational road map for the combined company to ensure seamless transition on day 1. They're also developing detailed capture plans to achieve the $500 million of cost synergies and, though still early, have identified more than 100 ideas on potential revenue synergies. Chris and I meet -- remain very closely connected with the integration team through our weekly meetings, and we're very pleased with the progress that they made to date.  I'm also pleased with the outcome of the divestiture of Night Vision, which we proactively initiated to address potential regulatory concerns. You'll recall this business was operating at breakeven with declining revenue when we acquired it with Exelis. And through aggressive actions, we transformed it into a mid-teens margins business, growing at double digits, resulting in a $350 million sale price, well above the implied value when we bought Exelis.  This same relentless focus on operational excellence is clearly demonstrated in a track record of margin expansion at Harris, and we expect to leverage and build on this OpEx muscle in a new L3 Harris to capture integration savings, improve underperforming businesses and drive long-term productivity gains. Overall, I'm increasingly encouraged and confident that this transformative combination will create substantial long-term value for employees, our customers and our shareholders.  And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good results, guys. First question, I guess more broadly speaking, revenue guidance moved up but margin guidance was maintained. When we think about programs driving upside across the business, how does this convert to profit growth or operating leverage for standalone Harris?
Rahul Ghai: So as we look at margin expansion driven by the revenue growth, clearly, we've said that before, that this year in Communication Systems is a transition year for us as we ramp three new products: the Army handout, the SOCOM handout and the Army manpack. So as we work up the production ramp and take out costs, which we've got a great track record previously, We took out 47% of costs, for example, in the 117G post introduction, we're confident that Communication Systems margins will continue to trend up.  Same thing in Electronic Systems. We've done well taking out costs this year. We guided to 18.5% at the beginning of the year. We increased it to 19%. We had a plus sign in the guidance range. 80% of this business is fixed price. We will continue to drive margins in Electronic Systems as well, but the volume is a headwind especially as the growth is coming from long-term platform. So I think Communications Systems and Electronic Systems should drive margin expansion in the future years.
William Brown: And just if I could add here, Sheila, we said this year we'd see -- it's a little bit of margin expansion fiscal '19, not because of segment margin expansion but more because of the mix shifting to higher-margin businesses, CS and ES, that we'd grow faster. We've even seen more of that this year on top of some margin expansion in ES. So as we look into the back end of the year, we can see ourselves touching 20% margin in the fourth quarter and we see some expansion in margins going into fiscal '20 and beyond.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: And then just on CS, strong support for the Tactical business in the budget. How do we think about market share going forward, given upcoming orders for Army manpack and handheld on a best value basis and further implications for the overall tactical market?
William Brown: Well, look, we're very pleased with the trajectory of the budgets. They continue to increase, and I'm very pleased to see the Army HMS budget going over $500 million in '20 from about $300 million this past year, $7.3 billion over the next 5 years, which is stronger than we had expected than the President would suggest it even about a year ago. Our market share has remained very, very robust. We're on all the contract vehicles. We continue to compete well. We're going to continue to win and gain share through the investments we make to continue to advance our radio, take costs out, add functionality, improve waveforms in the radios. And that's how we expect to win and continue to have a large share of market in DoD and perhaps gain some share over time. So we -- the outlook is very, very strong in DoD radio, Sheila.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Stallard: Bill, just a quick question on the merger situation here. When do you expect to announce the next layer of management for the combined company?
William Brown: Rob, we're going to -- we'll be fully prepared to announce the management structure several levels down, plus our Board, as we get closer to the closing. So probably towards the end of June.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then as a follow-up, again on the merger situation. You highlighted the very strong cash flow performance on the working capital days that you see. Do you see this achievement being applicable to the combined company? And what sort of scale are we now looking at there?
William Brown: Yes. Well, clearly, we've -- as Rahul pointed out in his prepared remarks, since we bought Exelis, we brought down working capital days by 35 days. We'll end the year at 43, very, very positive trajectory. I think on a combined basis, at -- assuming we -- if we combine the end of March with this past month, I think the combined days was 70 days. So we see a lot of opportunity between the 2 companies. We're estimating 6 to 7 days over the next several years at $35 million a day. But clearly, there's some opportunity beyond that.  Chris and his team are working hard on this. They're making good progress. We're really getting into the details of where that working capital happens to be, putting plans in place. So Rob, if anything, I think Chris and I are more confident today than we were 3 or 6 months ago that we've got good working capital improvements ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research.
Carter Copeland: Just Bill, I wondered if you could maybe comment on -- if you look at the book to bill, obviously the most recent ones are lower than what you saw in the preceding quarters. But obviously, the budget activity has been strong. Just -- I wonder if you could give us some color on the funnel of opportunities that you're looking at behind the bookings we've seen lately and if there's any material difference from what we've seen over the last 18 months or so, which has been very strong.
William Brown: Yes. I mean good question, Carter. No fundamental or material difference. Year-to-date book to bill was -- is very strong at 1.1. We've had 5 consecutive quarters above 1. Backlog is -- as we pointed out in our remarks, is up 15% year-over-year. It's up over 20% in the Tactical business. It's up 25% over the last couple of years. So the backlog is actually quite strong. We expect book to bill for the year to be more than 1. So I think it's all good news. The pipeline for the Harris as a total company is at $32 billion across the 3 segments. It's very resilient. The budgets, I think, are well supportive of growth into the future. We've raised our guidance now 3x this year. We've had $420 million above the S-4 revenues. So every indication is we continue to see good growth opportunities into the future.
Rahul Ghai: And Carter, if I may add, the 1.03 book to bill that Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, that's the funded book to bill. If you include the unfunded portion of the awards we received in the quarter, we are at 1.3 book to bill for the quarter. And given the only other data point I would throw out there is that the backlog is up 15% year-over-year, as Bill mentioned, and 12% since we started the fiscal year, so good growth in backlog.
Carter Copeland: That's great. And then just as a quick follow-up. Bill, you mentioned it quickly, but the thought process around revenue synergies. I just wonder as you get another quarter under your belt and we get close to closure, just if you could share your thoughts on the intersection of the Harris' capabilities and L3's capabilities and how that's evolving and what we should expect to see here, places you're excited about. Any color there would be helpful.
William Brown: Yes. That's a very good question. I mean everyday that Chris and I interact with the teams on -- as they get together and share information, brainstorm both in the open area as well as in the classified area, we're getting more and more encouraged about the set of opportunities ahead of us. It's still premature to calibrate that or quantify it or say how much time it's going to take to achieve it. Some will require some R&D investment to occur. We see -- it's all the same -- anything happened with Exelis, it was probably a couple of years in until we really started to see meaningful revenue synergies.  But we're seeing it in a couple of different areas. We've got a great position now staked out in smallsats. Both L3 and Harris have good expertise in optical and RF payloads, SATCOM, mission knowledge, very strong L3 data link capabilities, [indiscernible] capability. I think when you combine it, we think we'll have a much more holistic, much more competitive offering in smallsats. And I think that's very encouraging. We've talked in the past about data links. L3 is very strong on the airborne side. We're strong on the ground side. I think that's going to be very interesting.  The other area that's been, I think, of note recently is -- L3 has a very strong multifunction phased array capability. We've got strength in open-system architecture back in EW processing. Good capability as well in phased arrays. But that multifunction that L3 brings and some of the open architecture that we have is really game-changing in our view. And it's not just from current platform, but also new and new evolving platforms.  So those are some of the ideas and some of the things we're thinking about. Obviously, the small SWaP EW product that we've had on the market for a couple of years, it's now starting to take hold. Lots of opportunities to embed that small SWaP EW into some of the unmanned systems that L3 has and that they -- that their system integrator on. So there's more than 100 different ideas. Those are the ones they've got -- come on top of mind. But the energy, the excitement when people talk about these is palpable, and we're very optimistic about this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna: A couple of questions. First, Bill, I was hoping you could expand upon the airborne radio opportunity and maybe just more broadly speak about the foreign and domestic ROS Tactical pipelines and how they may have changed with the airborne kind of opportunity now more [indiscernible].
William Brown: Well, the pipeline itself are very strong. I mean it's very resilient for the DoD at still around $2.6 billion. It's kind of in line with where we were before in the last couple of quarters, and it's been very stable. On the DoD size is about $1.6 billion, shifting more towards modernization. So now it's almost a 50-50 split between base and modernization, but up year-over-year by about 13%. So again, given the strong orders over the course of the last year across Tactical, the fact that the pipeline for that business remains as resilient as it is, I think, is very encouraging, I think testament to what the team has been doing.  On the airborne radio side, I'm very optimistic about this. This kind of goes back 3 years or so. It's been a lot of investment we made with Exelis. They had a position on airborne platforms and -- but it was an older product offering. And a lot of the new product offerings that we're putting in place, the 2-channel offerings on the ground side, have capability that can be embedded on the airborne side. As you know, we're also partner with ViaSat on the STT. We've seen really good growth this year on airborne radios and the Small Tactical Terminal. So -- I mean I'm very encouraged about this. And the fact that we had a first opportunity here in the Middle Eastern country on a small number of Apaches, where they have a very large fleet, I think, is a big win for us. It's not big in dollars, but the opportunity set ahead of us is pretty substantial.  I think this will grow over time. I won't be able to quantify it today. But I think it'll grow over time. And again, it's in -- it's along the path of the growth beyond that simple ground business that we've been in, that we've been pushing out for the last several years.
Gautam Khanna: And my follow-up would be just if you could talk a little bit about how you've -- you've mentioned how you work together with L3 in advance of the merger closing. But if you could just talk about what, operationally, maybe you guys have offered in terms of help to L3. They had a traveling wave tube issue a couple -- a quarter ago that didn't seem to recur in today's results. How do you guys been kind of working together operationally ahead of the deal so that there are no surprises once it actually starts to combine.
William Brown: Yes. No, what -- yes. Thanks, Gautam, for the question. Look, our integration teams are really focused on the integration value, so how we can combine our spend and leverage that, bring that down. We've done a number of should-cost analyses. We've got a very good and robust listing of what we buy, who we buy it from, what we price, we pay. It's done in a clean team, so we don't have visibility to that. But the clean team is coming up with great ideas and actually developing and negotiating packages so that when we close, day 1, we can start executing against that. We see opportunities on the indirect side, facilities we've had. Our combined operational leadership teams going out and visiting many of our sites to understand what the combination of -- what the facility consolidation opportunities might be.  I know Chris is very, very deep in what's happening at the traveling wave tube business. I'm sure he'll speak about that later on this morning. He's put a lot of resources there, a lot of focused attention. We're aware of it. We see some metrics coming out of it. We're providing guidance and assistance where we can. But Chris is doing a great job in getting his arms around this, and I think you'll see stability and eventually some improvement here.  So I think together, as a combined company, the operational muscle that we both will bring and I think what we honed here at Harris over a number of years, I think we'll continue to see this L3-Harris business perform like I think we have done at Harris over the last 5 or 6 years. So I'm very optimistic about that, Gautam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: So I have a question, Bill, for you on growth that speaks a little bit to what we've already talked about, and then I have one for Rahul on cash. But Bill, you're now targeting 9% growth for this year. L3 is at 6%. You both had among the best numbers growth-wise this quarter, and you talked about the budgets supporting further growth in the medium term. But would you say that the new L3-Harris can be the sector top line growth later well into the future? Or is this a peak-ish kind of year, just given those strong budgets over the past couple of years?
William Brown: Look, I don't see that fiscal '19 is a peak-ish kind of year. I see -- again, it's a little soon to comment on the growth potential of the combined companies. You'll see L3's results. They've knocked the cover off the ball this quarter. They took their guidance up for the year as did we. Between the 2 companies, we're $274 million, $275 million above the S-4, even more if you look at where they're guiding to this year.  So the combined -- the companies independently are performing better than expected. The budget outlook is better than we have thought. Our opportunity set, as we think about revenue synergies, is more encouraging to us. We'll be more competitive as an enterprise because we'll take costs out, be able to bid aggressively, attack businesses, be it more of a full mission provider. So if anything, I'm more encouraged about the growth trajectory beyond fiscal '19. I would not call it peak-ish. But I do see us doing, I think, quite well as a combined entity once we close and kind of get on with this. So I think it feels pretty good.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then on cash, Rahul, the two of you, the two companies have about $1.4 billion pro forma on the balance sheet, cash, and so you've targeted $2 billion for share repurchases in the first 12 months post close. But given what's on hand and what you're going to generate in the meantime, it seems that you'll end that first year with a lot of excess cash. So I know you're limited in your ability to buy back even more stock in year 1. So should we think about this cash build as giving you more firepower for repurchases in year 2? Or might you do something else with that cash?
Rahul Ghai: No. Absolutely, Rob. We've said this before. I mean post close, our priority -- we've done with the debt repayment. With the sale of our Night Vision business, as even that closes, we're going to prefund the combined L3-Harris pension. And with that, Harris standalone pension is prefunded till 2025; L3 pension, should that be funded, till about '22 based on the modeling that we have done. So the pension should be funded with no near-term funding requirements.  And that would -- and we've said -- M&A, it won't be if it's absolutely critical. So all excess cash should go back to shareholders whether in form of dividends or share buyback. And dividends, we've kind of thought, I think, between 30% to 35% of our free cash. So that leaves a lot of firepower for share buyback. And we should keep -- we should need to keep about $500 million in the balance sheet. So all excess cash back -- goes back to shareholders.
William Brown: And I would just add, I think you know our debt ratios quite well. So we don't have any debt payments in the near term either or the medium term, Rahul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Safran with Buckingham Research.
Richard Safran: Generally, I'd like to ask you for defense. We're seeing a lot of programs transition from development to production, and I wanted to ask you about the DoD classified and unclassified contracting environment that you're seeing versus what you may have been expecting. For example, as programs transition to production, are you seeing a more favorable contracting environment? And if possible in your answer, could you comment directionally on how contracting may impact your margins going forward?
William Brown: Look, it's a pretty broad question. I think in general, we're seeing opportunities put on contract a little bit faster than it would've been a year or 2 ago. In terms of the way things are being done, that -- it's not changing all that much in terms of mix, cost plus fixed price, encouragement to industry to invest in IRAD.  As you know, Richard, there's been a conversation around contracts financing. That still is out on the horizon. I think there was an attempt to change contract finance structure back in September of last year. This is still an open discussion.  But I don't really see substantive changes in terms of anything that's kind of generalized with either classified or none that would impact margin structure going forward. Our margins in the classified side, they're typically -- more typically, they're cost plus, and they tend to come with cost-plus margins as I think that's what you'd see on the cost plus side. That's not really -- or the classified side. But I don't see that changing much here at all. Rahul, I don't know if you have a...
Rahul Ghai: No. I think you're right. And I think even with everything else that's going on, I think we're growing margins this year. All segment margins are expanding in all 3 segments and, in response to Sheila's question, to kind of provide a little bit of forward-looking statements on our expected margins going forward.
Richard Safran: Okay. Just quick follow-up here, just on the classified backlog growth. I thought I'd ask if you could comment on how quickly you see classified revenues grow -- growing relative to unclassified part of the business. And on that part of the business, are you finding margins for classified wins at/or above standard margins? And do you think that the trends that you're seeing in the classified programs are going to impact you positively in '20?
William Brown: Well, first of all, the classified business over the last couple of years has gone very, very well for us. Our bookings continue to be very strong in the mid-teens rate, book to bill is over 1, revenue up in the double-digit mid-teens level, has been very, very good and has been over the last couple of years. It's an exquisite systems. It's in small satellites. It's in ground adjacencies. In these areas, we really can't talk much more about, but it's pretty broad-based. And I think it reflects a drive that we've had over the last number of years that to invest in technology and to move from providing components to subsystems to now more complete mission solutions, and that's been a multiyear journey for us. And we're seeing our growth, our position, our share increasing as the budgets are inflecting. I think that's what's driving positive growth for us.  In terms of the margins on that business, a lot of it -- some of it is fixed price. But much of it is because you're pushing the envelope of technology, much is going to come more in a cost-plus side. They come with slightly more compressed margins.  But as we look out at the next couple of years, I see our Space business, where a lot of the classified business happens to be, it's also on ES, but a lot's in Space, I see it holding the margins in that area as we continue to drive productivity, take out cost, take out costs and the pieces are not classified or a fixed price and absorb the mix differential as the classified business grows a bit. So I'm not terribly concerned about that. I think it's very good business. In fact, some of the technology that you develop in the classified world does help your business over time in unclassified. So it's terrific business, and we're pleased to be a strong player there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with UBS.
Myles Walton: Bill, I think it sounded like you're kind of confident on the turn in the environmental headwinds Space, Intel. So I'm just curious, can you size kind of what you had to absorb this year in your fiscal '19 that you grew 7% in spite of that and then just confirm that you don't see that as a headwind year-on-year into '20 and maybe what that outlook is from there?
William Brown: Yes. Look, we've -- this year, our environmental business, I mean it's kind of in the range of $270 million or so, like little less than $300 million, is down mid-teens in size. We do believe it's troughing here this year. The book to bill, as I mentioned in my remarks, was about 1.4. So it's -- the book to bill has been good. The backlog is obviously up. We see '20 to at least be flat with '19 and perhaps a little bit of growth there and beyond. We've gone through some budget pressures here over the last couple of years.  We continue to see things put on order for NOAA. It's GOES-R ground modernization, that we're seeing some opportunities there. We're seeing opportunities in -- over time, in U.S. and international centers. We've launched 5 satellites, five instruments in the last 12 months. These things go in phases. So as they launch, you have both U.S. and international customers starting to look at developing the next-generation instruments. We sell into Japan, Korea as well -- South Korea as well as here in the States.  So we're seeing opportunities to grow at adjacencies on RF spectrum management, DoD weather, thermal detection. So we're seeing a number of different things here that indicate to us that '20 should not be another set-down, and perhaps there should be opportunities beyond that. And that basically sizes that business.
Myles Walton: So could Space and Intel be your fastest growing or at least the business that's accelerating the most into 2020?
William Brown: I think it's too soon to say right now. We're going to come back and give you some guidances in early August as we close the year. It has been -- as you could tell, it's been a headwind for us over the last couple of years and certainly into fiscal '19. But we've got to look at the whole portfolio, in the outlook, on the budgets and how it's going to roll into our business. I wouldn't say it's going to be the highest grower, but I think it should be a pretty healthy grower over the next several years. Last time we provided medium-term guidance, we've said it would be mid-single digits, and we'll come back and revisit that come early August.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan.
Seth Seifman: So I wanted to ask a little bit about the tactical radios. It looks like, probably on a DoD side, be up to somewhere in the $660 million or something like that range for this year. When you think about what the growth drivers are in terms of the key programs that we know that you're on, the key growth drivers in 2020 within DoD Tactical.
William Brown: Well, look, I think as we go from here, the growth drivers are going to be modernization. It's going to be the Marine Corps ramp, Army ramp, both on the handheld and the manpack. We'll see SOCOM continuing to grow. Those will be the principal drivers. I mean your numbers are in the ballpark here in fiscal '19 on DoD. If you go back just two years, in '17, it's up about 2/3. The budget has been up about 2/3 in that period of time. But what's interesting and what's I think very encouraging here, Seth, as you go out the next 2 to 3 years, the budget's grow by another 2/3. So they touch $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion a couple of years out. And when you just look at -- even holding constant share, if those budgets happen, we would see that business continuing to grow pretty substantially and probably touch on $1 billion three years out. So if anything, we remain very encouraged about the growth outlook in DoD Tactical.
Seth Seifman: Okay. And then in the -- I guess in the Electronics Systems, maybe if you could talk a little bit about the -- do you observe any changes in the competitive environment? I mean that's a place where just about all of the defense primes and some others play. There's a lot of new work out there. Some are growing really fast, some less fast, everybody wants to grow. Can you talk about any changes you've observed in that competitive environment, if there are any?
William Brown: Well, look, I mean yes, these things are shifting. It's not over weeks or months. It's over several years. And I think what we try to point out here in various investor meetings is that we've invested in new technologies over the last 3, 4, 5 years, in open-systems architecture, and that has matured itself. It's such a place where we won the open-system mission processor for the F-35, the brain of the F-35, which is a very, very big win. It's a multiyear platform, and we feel very good about that. That was a competitive win. We're also leveraging our open systems technology into other new platforms that -- at Boeing, the T-X and the MQ-25. You can imagine in the drive towards nonproprietary solutions. There are other platforms that are looking at this. Certainly, next-gen platforms will be open system. Even some opportunities on the F-18 to drive open systems, we've done that a couple of years ago. We've also made a lot of investments in electronic warfare over the last 3 or 4 years, moving to software-defined EW with better capabilities.  And those investments, I think, are positioning this company in a spot where we're growing on those long-term platforms. And we're growing and we're going at a faster rate than, I believe, others in areas because I believe we're taking share. We continued to perform well, the teams working hard driving -- making sure we're successful here. We continue to execute well.  And as we merge with L3, if anything, the combined capabilities will open up some new opportunities in some areas that we're not really on today. So Seth, it is competitive. The dynamic is shifting, but I think we're well positioned here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup.
Colin Canfield: This is Colin on for John. Can you just update your thoughts on the $3 billion free cash flow target, what you're seeing in existing budgets and combination, international that could either buy us growth either upwards or downwards?
William Brown: I think we're feeling as good today as we did before on $3 billion in 3 years. As Rahul mentioned, we're sort of over the last 12 months, over $2 billion of combined cash between us and L3. We see organic growth opportunities both internationally and domestically. We didn't really split those pieces, but we see organic growth driving cash generation. We see that the cash effect of cost synergies kicking in, another 6 or 7 days' worth of working capital, all of which gets us to that $3 billion range.  And if anything, sitting here today, we're more confident about that than we would've been 6 months ago, just given the trajectory since the merger announcement on growth in the company, on working capital improvements, on the things that we're all talking about in terms of prefunding pension which eliminates cash flow contribution several years out. So if anything, we feel better today on achieving $3 billion three years out.
Colin Canfield: Got it. And then if you could just talk a little bit about modernization trends that you're seeing among NATO partners, in terms of both the NATO and U.S. interoperability. The social forces comment points to pretty constructive trend there. I just want to see in terms of the kind of larger forces what you're seeing.
William Brown: Well, it's very -- it's a very good question because we're seeing really good positive trends here. And I think what we see typically is our international partners, starting with the 5 Is and then moving to others, modernize and upgrade capabilities as they see the DoD upgrading with products. And those same products, for example, the 2-channel handheld, eventually starts to find its way into allied nations in -- starting with their special forces and then working into the regular services as well.  And that's a trend that we've seen here in the first couple of quarters of the year, very recently in the last quarter, into Canada, a couple of NATO countries in Europe. We see in Australia as well. So there's a positive momentum behind modernization. As you know, 1.5 years ago, we won a very large contract in Australia. We're executing well under modernization. So these things are all kind of going in waves. I believe the U.S. DoD, if you see the funding, were the front end of a multiyear modernization ramp.  And we're seeing the same thing now starting to occur in various countries around the world. U.K. is a little bit further out. It's probably 2 or 3 years out with the Morpheus program, which is the upgrade or modernization of the Bowman program. Just given some of the Brexit concern, I think that might have moved a little bit. But the reality, that's still out in the horizon. And we'll be a good player in all of those different competitions because of the strength of the product offering and the maturity of the product offering that we have here with the DoD.
Rahul Ghai: Colin, the only thing I'd add there is that if you look at our radio business, our investment in Europe is up more than 50% this year primarily driven by the modernization and some of the allied nations buying our radio products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global.
Peter Skibitski: A couple of quick questions. Bill, just to follow up on international radios. You gave a lot of great qualitative color. Any view directionally on how that business goes in fiscal '20? It's always kind of opaque for us, I think.
William Brown: Well, it's a little bit too soon to kind of call what '20 is going to look like. I'd like to complete fiscal '19, and we'll provide some deeper guidance as we see some trends evolving beyond that. Just this year, it's evolving as we had expected. We're going to be up low to mid-single digits. The first half was up 7%. The back half is flat. We're up 4% year-to-date.  On the full year basis, we see up -- Asia Pacific up mid-single digits mainly because of the Australia ramp. We see Europe up mid-single digits, which is a positive outcome. Rahul just mentioned about what's happening in Western Europe. It's offsetting a decline in Eastern Europe as we had thought would happen. MEA, Middle East, Africa is about flat. Africa has been a strong market for us this year. We likely will see continued trends that are strong in Africa going into next year. CALA and Central Asia have both been relatively weak, but they're relatively small base. We do expect in '20 and beyond, those start to rebound. We see some good signals coming out of Brazil and Mexico about growth outlooks. We're seeing more positive news come out of Afghanistan because of the U.S. pullout -- anticipated pullout and the need to build their forces and equip their forces. There's some more -- likely, we'll see growth in Afghanistan. So we'll see some things shift around. This year, again, playing out as we expected, and I think we'll see sort of some of the same trends into next year.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. That's helpful. And then just my last one. How are you guys thinking about the length and magnitude of the headwind from this UAE program transitioning?
William Brown: Well, this year, it's down quite a bit because -- and it was expected it would be down. There's a gap between initial operating capability and the full operating capability, which is moving from the one brigade to now another 4, so total of 5. And then there'll be other services, could be radios coming along. So we expect that to be a growth driver in fiscal '20. But we saw a little bit of a headwind here this year because of that particular transition.  The good news here is that the team has been doing exceptionally well here. The program has gone very well. The mission readiness exercise that was done with this one brigade towards the beginning of our fiscal year was very successful. Our reputation in UAE is very, very strong. If anything, we're more encouraged today about $1 billion total opportunity in the UAE than we would've been a year or so ago. So a little bit of transition here in fiscal '19 that we're absorbing, and we'll see the turnaround drive to growth in fiscal '20.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan with Seaport Global.
Joshua Sullivan: So you mentioned more open systems competitions going forward. Can you talk about your historical win rates on open platforms? Maybe JTRS comes to mind. But as the market evolves in that direction, just be curious to hear Harris' historical win rate in that environment.
William Brown: Well, it's target, call it, win rate because they're very different markets, and it really is just an evolving one. I think the big open system competition, the one that's truly notable because of how sizable it was, was really on the F-35. And winning that -- that was a multiyear process, started with, I don't know, either 10 different competitors. It was down selected to 3. It was a head-to-head competition, and we won that competition over very, very formidable components and competitors in the space. And the team has just done such a great job with that. We brought great technology, great execution, a good cost structure. That also has allowed us to bridge into other new platforms. It started with some open-systems work we had done over some time at -- on F-18 with Boeing. So I think it's been several years. I think we're winning -- the ones that we're in, I think we're winning the ones that we happen to be on.  If you consider the JTRS platform as an open system, which you can because it's a [indiscernible] protocol in the waveforms, as you've seen over the last 5 years, we've become exceptionally well positioned on JTRS programs. To take you back 6 years or 5 years ago, we weren't even the Program of Record. We weren't even able to compete for the program dollars, and now we're actually competing. We've got -- we're on contracts. We're on programs. We're delivering radio. We're executing well. So I think this company has demonstrated an ability to find a way to win when it goes towards nonproprietary solution. That points to the agility of the company, but also to the willingness to invest ahead of the curve in R&D. And I think they all kind of go hand-in-hand together.
Joshua Sullivan: Helpful. And then I just want to ask one on your efforts in robotics. I believe you competed the T7 robot on the CRS program. Is this an area where you see Harris expanding its efforts? And then it would seem there might be some good cross-functionality with L-3. Are they already in your supply chain on the robotics side?
William Brown: Well, I don't believe they're in the supply chain on the robotics side, but there could be some opportunities here. I won't comment specifically on that, but there certainly could be. Look, I'm very pleased with what's happened on robotics from just where we were 3 or 4 years ago. As you know, we won the U.K. MoD program with the T7. It was £55 million or about $70 million. I think we've delivered, I don't know, 4 -- 10 units, I think, we delivered into the U.K. They're all performing exceptionally well. We've got a sort of a very strong support by the U.K. MoD as we go around the world and offer the T7. They love the robot. They love the performance of what we've shown. There's another opportunity called Dark Rose in the U.K. It's a smaller robot that we'd be competitive on. We're on the -- we're down selected on the Common Robotic System-Heavy, the CRS-H program in the U.S., which should be awarded sometime this summer. We think we're well positioned on that.  We think globally, the opportunity set is -- could be in the -- close to $1 billion here for robotics. So we're on the front end of this. And I think just the early wins with a strong -- very reputable MoD in the U.K., I think it's very encouraging for us in robotics.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays.
David Strauss: Rahul, you commented on the cash progression through the year. I just want to circle back on that. It looks like the free cash flow guidance [indiscernible] some pretty big step-down in Q4 relative to what you did in Q2 and Q3. It looks like it assumed some sort of working capital drag. Can you just elaborate a little bit on why free cash flow is off so much in Q4?
Rahul Ghai: Yes. So a couple of different ways of looking at it, David. I mean clearly, we're driving more linear working capital performance through the year. And if you compare ourselves to last year Q4, where we had driven kind of half the cash flow for the full year in Q4, we got 20-plus days of working capital, call it 20 days of working capital improvement in Q4 last year. And this year, we're only getting less than 10 days. And that's driving a huge change between what we delivered in Q4 in cash last year, what we're delivering this year in Q4.  CapEx is a little bit up versus last year as well and step-up from Q3. So all in all -- and there is timing of tax payments, some accrued expenses. We've got some nonexecutive bonuses getting paid out in Q4 as well. So you put all that in, that's why Q4 is lower than Q4 last year in spite lower than Q3 '19 as well. But having said all that, I mean we are -- we've been delivering -- we delivered 10 days of working capital in Q2. We're delivering 12 days or better year-over-year performance in Q3. We're aiming for [indiscernible] in Q4. So there could be some upside to Q4 cash if we drive a little bit better performance in working capital.
David Strauss: Okay. Bill, a question on how -- how are you thinking about -- I know you've been giving consideration around how you would report the combined company in terms of adjusted EPS number and what might be excluded. Could you give us an update there? And assuming the deal closed, let's say, in late June or early July, when would -- would you immediately come out and give guidance for the combined company? Or would this be something and wait until later?
William Brown: David, I think if we close at the end of our fiscal year or thereabouts, Chris and I will work then in July as we close our books and report earnings early in August. My thinking at the moment, I think Chris is aligned with this, is that we would guide to the stub year, the 6-month back end of our calendar '19 and then maybe towards the end of the year or early in calendar '20, then guide to '20. And that's kind of what we're thinking at the moment. Again, we'll say more in the coming months. It all hinges on when we actually close the transaction.  We're still contemplating cash EPS likely to exclude amortization expense. But any more detail on that in terms of exactly how we're going to report that, I think, is still going to be determined. And Chris and I with the CFO of the company will certainly give some thought to that and share more about that as we get closer to close.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. If there's any questions, just get in touch with me. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Harris Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2019 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Discussions today will include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation, and Harris SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Okay, well, thank you Anurag, and good morning everyone. Earlier today, we reported strong second quarter results, with a record non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.96, up 19% on 9% revenue growth. Orders, revenue, and operating margin were up in all segments and overall company margin expanded 150 basis points to 19.6%. These results extend our strong first quarter performance with non-GAAP earnings per share over the first half up 24% on 9% revenue growth and 24% higher free cash flow. And today we're raising guidance for the year on revenue, margin, earnings per share, and free cash flow. The highlight again this quarter was our sustained top-line growth, the third consecutive quarter of high-single-digit growth. Order momentum remained strong and was up 27% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.06 for the quarter and funded backlog up 20% over last year, all driven by our multi-year investments in innovation, strong customer positions, high win rates, and a favorable budget environment. The merger with L3 is on track for mid-calendar 2019 close and integration planning is progressing well. But let me start providing some color on the quarter performance before closing our prepared remarks with a few comments on the merger. So turning to Slide 4 in the webcast, Communications Systems revenue was up 10% in the quarter with strong growth in all three businesses: Tactical Communications, Night Vision and Public Safety. In Tactical, international delivered another solid quarter up 11% driven by the ramp of modernization programs in Australia, standardization of Harris equipment in NATO countries in Western Europe, continued border security programs in Eastern Europe and the third technology refresh for a longstanding customer in Northern Africa. For the first half, international revenue was up 7% driven principally by Asia-Pacific and a strong second quarter recovery in Europe and book-to-bill was greater than 1. That combined with a solid pipeline of $2.5 billion reaffirms our expectations that international will grow low-to-mid single digits in fiscal 2019 with sequential growth in the second half. On the DoD side, Tactical revenue was up 7% for the quarter despite a tough compare and growth across the services shifting from readiness to modernization. We started to deliver on a $90 million Army HMS Manpack LRIP that we booked in Q4 of last year; we remain on track to complete the delivery by this summer. For the SOCOM two-channel handheld program, we successfully completed operational user assessment, delivered initial units, and expect production to ramp through the second half of the fiscal year. For the Marine Corps, we booked $75 million order for MUOS software upgrades for Falcon III Manpack radios and recognized $24 million of revenue in the quarter with a balance to shift by fiscal year-end. This award brings MUOS orders since its launch in 2016 to about $175 million highlighting our ability to generate additional software revenue on previously sold hardware. For the first half, DoD Tactical revenue was up 17% driven by the ramp in modernization programs and strong Q1 readiness demand and orders were up 45% with a book-to-bill of 1.7. Pipeline remained solid at $1.6 billion and with anticipated second half modernization growth we now expect DoD revenue will be up in the low 20% range for the year versus up mid teens at the start of the year. Overall for Tactical, first half revenue increased 11%, book-to-bill was 1.3, and backlog increased 34% to over $1.1 billion. The growth in Tactical coupled with strong revenue and order growth in Night Vision and Public Safety give us confidence to increase Communication Systems revenue guidance to up 10% to 11% for the year versus prior guidance of up 9% to 10%. In Electronic Systems, revenue increased 6%, the sixth consecutive quarter revenue growth. This strong performance was driven by sustained growth in long-term platforms F-35, F-18, F-16, which collectively grew double-digits as we leverage technology upgrades, ramp production, and expanded our international footprint. We also saw growth on SOCOM rotary platforms as we began to modernize legacy electronic warfare systems to address new threats and requirements. Order momentum continue to be strong growing 12% and for the sixth straight quarter book-to-bill was greater than 1 as we expand our electronic warfare and avionics franchises. In electronic warfare, we booked $115 million in contracts from Iraq and Poland to upgrade the EW capabilities of their F-16 aircraft, adding to the previously announced Turkey and Morocco awards, and continuing the international expansion of our F-16 EW program. With $225 million of funding remaining on the previously announced $400 million sole source IDIQ contract and several additional international opportunities in the pipeline, we remain confident in the growth trajectory of our EW business. In addition, we've partnered with Northrop on the recently announced Next-Gen Jammer Low Band program which will significantly increase airborne electronic attack capabilities on the EA-18G Growler. This win is the combination of a multi-year strategy to invest in adding features, functionality, and capability to our EW products to enable us to increase content on existing platforms and win new pursuits. In avionics, we're leveraging our open system architecture technology and recent award on the F-35 mission processor to win content on two new strategic platforms, a large UAV, and a new trainer aircraft. These wins build on the F-35 success and provide significant multi-year follow-on opportunities. For the first half, Electronic Systems revenue was up 7.4% and book-to-bill was 1.2 resulting in a backlog increase of 24%. The pipeline remains robust at $16 billion with $3 billion in proposals outstanding and we continue to expect revenue segment to be up 7% to 8% this year. And then, finally, in Space and Intelligent Systems, revenue growth accelerated to 11% in the quarter as our multi-year investments to innovate ahead of customer needs led to high-teens growth in the classified business which more than offset the expected headwinds on environmental programs. We continue to be successful in expanding the addressable market of our classified business by providing end-to-end mission solutions and penetrating new adjacencies. In our small satellite franchise, we received awards of more than $350 million over the past three years to develop and produce 17 satellites with five different customers as we move from pathfinder mission to building a full constellation in space. And on the new ground based adjacency, we have nearly tripled the program since our first win in second quarter of fiscal 2017 solidifying our position with this customer. We see this momentum continuing with several new wins in the second quarter that extend our positions on existing programs as well as create new franchises that will have significant follow-on opportunities. Last month, we were awarded a $218 million follow-on contract from the U.S. Army for wideband SATCOM operational management system network, a 35% increase over the initial order reflecting the customer's confidence in Harris's Technology and capabilities. We also leverage our mission knowledge and secured an $80 million order from the Space Enterprise Consortium to enhance space-based position, navigation, and timing systems by providing additional capabilities to detect and mitigate harmful interference. Technology matured on this program is expected to transition over time to future generations of GPS satellites and various other payloads. In addition, we continue to strengthen our position on [exquisite] [ph] systems receiving a $115 million contract to provide next-generation technology for a long-standing classified franchise. And finally, earlier this month, we received a $185 million follow-on sustainment and modernization award for counter communication that will be a standard for the Air Force going forward. I'm also pleased to note that we had a record launch quarter in Q2 validating our leadership position in hosted payloads and small satellites. We successfully launched three small satellites including Harris's first smallsat called HSAT showcasing our ability to provide an end-to-end solution including ground command and control from our Phillis facilities here in Florida. We also witnessed for launch of the first GPS-3 satellite with the Harris navigational payload which is performing well through initial system checks. Two international satellites were also successfully launched with Harris payloads, one for Japan's Ministry of the Environment and the other for the Korean Aerospace Institute further embedding us as the leader in environmental sensors. And in just a few weeks ago, Iridium completed its final launch and now has a constellation of 66 satellites in space with 232 Harris reprogrammable hosted payloads on board providing persistent real time tracking of ships and aircraft globally along with a few other missions. For Space and Intel, first half performance was better than anticipated with revenue up 8% and backlog up 10%. With about 92% of second half fiscal 2019 revenue and backlog, and an high confidence follow-on opportunities, and a $10 billion pipeline, we now expect revenue growth of 6% to 7% for the segment, a two point increase from a previous guidance of 4% to 5%. Overall with our strong first half performance, solid backlog coverage, new wins in a growing pipeline we are increasing total company revenue guidance to be up 8% to 8.5% versus previous guidance of up 6% to 8% with earnings per share now at $7.90 to $8 and free cash flow of $1 billion to $1.025 billion. So let me now turn it over to Rahul to cover financial results and some more detail before we close with a few comments on the merger.
Rahul Ghai: Thank you, Bill, and good morning everyone. Discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis excluding L3 deal and integration costs as well as one-time charges in the prior year. Turning now to the total company results on Slide 5, revenue was up 9% in the second quarter and earnings before interest and taxes increased 18% on higher volume and operational efficiencies, resulting in margin expansion of 150 basis points to 19.6%. EPS grew by 19% and free cash flow increased 25% to $323 million for the quarter as we reduced 10 days of working capital compared to last year. For the first half, revenue was up 9% and earnings before interest and taxes were up 15% with margin expanding 90 basis points to 19.5%. Free cash flow was robust in the first half at $409 million, a 24% increase over the prior year and was approximately $1 billion over the last 12 months. Second quarter EPS bridge on Slide 6. EPS grew by 19% or $0.31 with strong operational performance more than offsetting a higher tax rate. The $0.35 increase from operations was driven by high volume in tactical radios, avionics, and classified space and solid program execution which more than offset lower environmental volume and increased R&D investments. A higher tax rate relative to last year which included the catch-up benefit from tax reform reduced EPS by $0.04. Segment details on Slide 7, Communications Systems second quarter revenue was $540 million, up 10% versus the prior year. In addition to strong growth in Tactical, revenue was up double-digits in Night Vision and Public Safety as the businesses converted strong orders to revenue. Operating income for the segment was up 12% and margins expanded 50 basis point to 30% from volume leverage and operational efficiencies partially offset by program and product mix. Orders grew by 33% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.2 for the quarter. In addition to the order momentum from Tactical modernization programs, we continued to execute well on our strategy of expanding into the adjacent airborne segment for the $66 million order with small tactical terminal airborne radios for both domestic and international platforms. And in the Public Safety business, orders grew more than 50% in the quarter as we strengthened our position with the utilities and state and federal agencies with orders from Nevada, AEB, and the Air National Guard. For the first half of the year, segment revenue was up 12% with double-digit growth in all three businesses and operating income increased 16%. Operating margin was up 90 basis points versus the prior year. The segment first half book-to-bill was 1.3. Historical information for tactical orders, revenue, and backlog is included as supplemental information at the end of this presentation. Electronics Systems on Slide 8, segment revenue was $617 million, up 6% for the quarter. Segment operating income increased 21% to $117 million and margin expanded 230 basis point to 19% from strong operational performance and the absence of a one-time contract adjustment in the mission network's business recorded in second quarter of fiscal 2018. Orders were up 12% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.1. In addition to strength on long-term platforms strong growth in the weapons release business led to first half segment revenue growth of 7%. Operating income increased 13% with margin expanding to 19.2%. Segment first half book-to-bill was 1.2. In Space and Intelligent systems on Slide 9, segment revenue was $513 million, up a record 11% and operating income grew 15% as margin expanded 60 basis points from higher volume and strong program execution. First half segment revenue increased 8% with continued growth in classified programs, partially offset by a decline in environmental revenue. Operating margin remained strong at 17.8%. Moving to Slides 10 and 11 for full-year guidance. As Bill mentioned we now expect the revenue to be up 8% to 8.5% versus up 6% to 8% in the prior guidance from increased trend in Tactical Communications and classified space. We are increasing EPS guidance by $0.10 to a range of $7.90 to $8. Higher volume in Communication Systems and Space and better than expected operational performance in Electronic Systems is expected to contribute an additional $0.13 to EPS. This will be partially offset by an increase in interest expense of $0.03 as floating interest rates trend higher. EPS at the midpoint will now be up 25% for the year with about 60% of the growth coming from operations and the remaining 40% from lower share count and a benefit of a lower tax rate. Total company margin is now expected to be between 19.5% and 20% an increase from the previous guidance of 19.3% to 19.7% from increased volume in high margin Communications Systems segment and improvement in margins in Electronic Systems. We had increasing free cash flow guidance to a range of $1 billion to $1.025 billion driven by higher earnings. Switching to segment outlook, in Communication Systems we now expect revenue to be up 10% to 11% versus up 9% to 10% previously driven by strength in DoD Tactical Communication, the operating margin guidance of 29.5% to 30.5% remains unchanged.  In Electronic Systems revenue guidance remains unchanged at up 7% to 8%. Operating margin is now expected to be between 18.5% and 19.5% versus 18% to 19% previously from strong program execution. In Space and Intelligent systems, we now expect revenue to be up 6% to 7% versus up 4% to 5% previously driven by better than expected growth in classified programs. The operating margin guidance range of 17% to 18% remains unchanged. And with that, I would like to turn it back to Bill for his closing remarks.
Bill Brown: Okay, thanks Rahul. So overall, we're performing exceptionally well in all segments and across all metrics. Orders, revenue, backlog, margins, earnings per share, cash, and we're on track for a record year. There has been a lot of discussion around the GFY 20 Defense budget. We continue to believe that the President supports increased funding to meet national security demands and with outlays continuing to lag budget appropriations overall as well as in the budget lines that matter to Harris, we expect growth momentum to continue in the medium term in the mid-to-high-single-digit range. From this position of strength, we decided about three months ago to merge with L3 to create a leading global defense company. We are well into the regulatory process and continue to expect a mid calendar 2019 close. On January 10, we received a second request for information from the Department of Justice and we continue to work cooperatively with the DOJ on its review. As part of the regulatory process, we're moving proactively to explore the possible sale of our Night Vision business. The government shutdowns affected to team handling our merger filing but we believe we have enough slack in the schedule to absorb the near-term delay without impacting the mid-year closing. We’re also tracking well in international approval processes including European Commission and we've held informal discussions with the UK authority should a filing be required in the event of a hard Brexit at the end of March. Integration planning is progressing well with about 50 dedicated leaders from Paris and L3 who are leveraging Harris’s Exelis experience and skill set to develop detailed plans to achieve $500 million of cost synergies and $3 billion of free cash flow. Chris and I are deeply involved in the integration planning and have weekly meetings with the teams to ensure that we capture the full value of the merger and hit the ground running on day one following the close. We both have spent considerable time meeting and getting to know each other's leadership team and have made good progress in developing an organizational model that's lean, mission-focused, and leverages the best of both companies. All in all, we're tracking on or ahead of schedule as we execute this transformational combination. So with that, let me ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Bill, first of all I thought we'd start with CS, very strong DoD performance both on revenues and orders in the quarter and I was wondering if it's your perception whether the DoD is adding incremental demand into your backup or whether this is pulling forward activity that you may have expected to occur in the future?
Bill Brown: No, I think this is just a continuation of a very, very strong ramp in the DoD business, last year, if you remember, we increased our guidance through the year, we started off in the high teens 20%, we ended in the mid-30s, we're seeing a similar trajectory this year but a shift from readiness to modernization, the modernization ramp clearly has happened, we're seeing significant growth in modernization spend as we expected and have communicated to our investors over the last couple of years.
Robert Stallard: Okay. And then secondly on the L3 Front, it looks like they had a few execution issues this quarter in their results this morning. I was wondering if you put the two business together whether there is some, say, process expertise that you could bring to the table and maybe improve the execution of the combined business going forward?
Bill Brown: Well I think you'll hear from Chris later on this afternoon on his business and his performance last year, his expectations for this year I think overall Chris and I have worked well together, we're working well with the team. One of the key focus areas of integration is on operational excellence and certainly L3 as L365 we have our HPX program and putting them together we think collectively we will find a way through the combined companies to continue to execute, execute better, capture our revenue and cost synergy. So Rob I think it's all good stuff and I think the company's going to benefit from both our programs in 2019 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Bill, you mentioned MUOS and the opportunity for software upgrades, is there any way to think about how big this opportunity is both domestically and internationally?
Bill Brown: Well, it's a good question because just on specifically on MUOS, we made an investment a few years ago to customize that waveform, so it's easy to download and just a software download onto our 117 G, we have about 30,000 out in the field U.S. DoD, International not all of them will be upgraded, some will be replaced with a new radio particularly in the Army. So we think the opportunity for us is something around 70,000 radios maybe a bit more than that. I think we've already installed about 10,000 in the Marine Corps, a few in the Air Force, so we still see some upside, in DoD, we see some upside in just specifically in MUOS and international markets like particularly in Canada, in this part of the long run plan for the company and we've seen that shift in how we're spending IRAD moving from hardware development to software and waveform development, we think that's going to be a differentiator for that business in the future.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay. And then just on ES, performance have been better just on execution, any color around what was driving that and how sustainable do you think it is to reach that 19.5% margin?
Bill Brown: So I think the question was on ES. It was a little bit difficult to hear. But we're very proud of what they've done; they're growing very well for the first half up 7.5% about the same for the back half. So again 7%, 8% for the year, margins are good and actually getting better in the year, we feel really good about long-term platforms, we've talked about our avionics business, electronic warfare across those three platforms I mentioned before F-18, F-16 and F-35 we're really excited about the wins we've seen in F-35, the future is very, very bright in that business, we see over the course of the back end of the year continued growth in orders particularly around developments in the UAE and we see a lot of optimism going into fiscal 2020. So yes the whole team I think has done exceptionally well in managing their investments, positioning their business very well, growing the pipeline and you're seeing the results of that hard work comes through in fiscal 2019.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, thank you.
Rahul Ghai: On the margins, Sheila, we've guided to even in our medium term guidance that we have laid out back in August, we had said that we expected upside from the 18.5% that we’re guiding to this year. We've had guided there was a plus next to it and we have seen some of that kind of coming to this year but as we continue down the path of cost reduction, the business is 75%, 80% cost that is fixed price, so as we continue to take cost out of that in that business they should be margin upside there as well in the outer years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning. Bill, I wanted to follow-up on Rob Stallard's question before with regard to L3 and some of the margin pressures that they showed, this morning I think investors are very excited and intrigued by your $3 billion free cash flow target that you and Chris have laid out but maybe they are a bit skeptical on how you get there since that seems to be more lift of their margins and I wanted to talk about that $0.5 billion in gross synergies, $300 million in net, how much that is process improvement where the Harris model once overlaid on the L3 assets helps to lift that or does it have to do with other obviously there's going be day one costs and so forth. So I wanted to chop up that that number and see if we can understand where it's coming from and over and how it plays out over the let's call it three year horizon?
Bill Brown: Yes, okay. So no change today in terms of our expectations or in cost synergies, still $500 million gross, $300 million net, over the next three years. In the building blocks that haven't changed either about 50% is coming from direct and indirect spend and facility rationalization. We see about 25% from the consolidation of the headquarters functions and segments, and the other 25% from functional efficiency shared services, it really comes from both companies, there's not initially more coming from one or the other we see about 40% of that or so happening in the first year mainly from segment and headquarter consolidation, we will see some indirect spend coming through as well but look we've been through this path before with Exelis. We've spent the last six or seven years at Harris developing an operational excellence agenda, a rigor around that it extends well beyond supply chain, it goes into our factories, it goes into our engineering function, it's permeated across all of our administrative functions, we've leveraged a shared service center. So today we have all of our IT across the company centralized in one location, 15 other processes, financial and others that are now centralized in a shared service activity. I think L3 is further at the front end of that journey and you'll see some margin upside that will come simply because that's the path that they were on themselves. So we'll see that -- we'll see margins grow in the combined company through both what they have laid out in the rest for us about a point of margin growth on their own not a point on Harris side plus another 150 or so, 200 basis points on synergies. So this is a great story that's playing itself out. I think the story is really compelling, that translates into free cash. I think I've got a lot of confidence in hitting $3 billion of free cash in three years, we're starting from about $2 billion we will see some organic growth. In the back part of it is really the after-tax cost synergies but also keep in mind working capital performance. This is something that we've been able to achieve pretty well at Harris post Exelis, we took about 20 days out of working capital, we're only assuming six or seven days out of the combined company which will have 70 days. So I feel very optimistic about generating additional cash coming out of the combined company, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss: Bill, could you comment on your forecast that were contained in the S4 relative to your medium-term outlook, it doesn't seem like the forecasts in the S4 splits with what you're talking about in terms of the medium-term?
Bill Brown: Yes, the -- what was in the S4 was generated in our strategic plan earlier last year. We've seen a little more -- little more tailwind in the budget, a little more tailwind in our numbers, you see we are taking our revenue guidance up this year, so we still see our growth in the mid-to-high-single-digit. I think in the S4 it was around 3%, 6%, 7% CAGR over the next three, four, five years. We're probably a little bit better than that today based on what we're now seeing in fiscal 2019 and again this is we're seeing really good growth trajectories, our pipelines are strong, they're getting replenished quickly they're growing, our backlog is growing. So I feel certainly better today about 2019 and beyond than what we would have been feeling six to 12 months ago.
David Strauss: Okay. Could you talk about how you see your short cycle exposure I think there's some concern in the market if the budget does kind of flatten out that you're more exposed given your higher degree of short cycle exposure, could you just address how much of your business you see is kind of short cycle exposure that could turn quickly?
Bill Brown: The short cycle part of our business probably relates mostly to our Tactical business and principally the DoD business. But in that area we're seeing growth in orders backlog is way up, the budgets look very, very strong, certainly what we've seen over the next four to five years, they essentially have doubled their last two years, it's kind of pretty substantially there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us. We see the budgets growing in the tactical line items by another 30%, 40% in next three or four years. A lot of it’s been driven by Army modernization SOCOM modernization but also the Marine Corps is coming in as well. So we've seen a great trajectory here. When I look at just the budget even if it does flatten off a little bit as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, appropriations are running well ahead of outlays overall and in our line items as well and I think that's going to provide some nice tailwind for us. So I don't see our short cycle business tailing off at all. In fact if anything in the first half, we saw getting a bit stronger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick ones, one we haven't talked about in a while but obviously the PSPC numbers were pretty strong, is that market finally growing a lot or are you taking share I just wondered if you could clarify that a little bit for us? And then, a second one for you, Bill, just as you continue to work through and think through integration with L3 on the transaction, how are you thinking about internal R&D spending is that -- is that being influenced at all by updated views on revenue synergies, any color you can give us on how you're thinking about that and the combined entity and how it may influence your development spend and mindset? Thanks.
Bill Brown: Okay, good, thanks, Carter. Two good questions, I'd love to say that we're gaining share in public safety, I can't really say for sure we've had two very good quarters, we've had a series of quarters four or five in a row where we've seen backlog growing book-to-bill during very positive, the first half revenue was up double-digits which is in my seven years here have never happened. We still seen very good strong order momentum, some, some good bookings. I think it comes back to where we've been over the last couple of years, quality is getting a bit better, we’re seeing a great reception on new products. Adding Nino and the team there are doing a very good job in building our sales force, improving our channel performance, and we're starting to win a bit more on utilities, couple of big state contracts penetrated federal bit better. I think the market is up, it's certainly not up double-digits but the market is a bit stronger but I think we're on a good trajectory here too early to claim success. We've had two good quarters, we're expecting a good year, we are expecting the PSPC to be up high-single-digits which I don't think I've ever thought to be able to say but that's actually a great trend. And I'd love to be sitting here in six months from now looking back on just fiscal 2019 and saying we had a really good year. So off to a really good start, I'm proud of what the team has done in turning that business around and growing the margins, growing the top-line but too soon to say whether it's officially turned around in a great business. So we'll see. On the piece on the IRAD, it's a very good question we're just starting to hit into that between us and L3. Collectively we will spend a little north of $600 million in IRAD maybe $640 million something like that $640 million probably little north of 3% of our revenue combined and we're just now looking at what we spend, what they spend is still very early in this process and we will shape that based on where we see growth opportunities both on organic basis or independent of one another but also on a combined basis, the teams have started to get together and discuss revenue synergies of probably more than hundred ideas that they've come up with, some very interesting ones and over the next six to 12 months, I think the team will start to shape what the IRAD budget will look like in our priorities. And I would imagine it will get shaped, it will shift a bit, based on revenue opportunities that we hadn't seen before between the two companies. So I think more to say probably in the next six months but not much more I can say on that today.
Rahul Ghai: Hey, Carter. So going back to the public safety, one additional point I just want to add to what Bill said, the other thing that's helping us we have the only radio that has both the legacy technology and ERP technology on a single radio and that is helping us gain some additional customers. So just introduction of reference introduction of new products, that radio is helping us get some momentum in the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks guys. Great results.
Bill Brown: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: Couple of questions. First you mentioned you are exploring and potentially exiting Night Vision at least the Harris Night Vision business, could you again quantify what that expected sales level is in fiscal 2019’s guidance for Harris Night Vision?
Bill Brown: Yes, Night Vision for us this year will be in the $150 million to $160 million range, it's probably mid-teens margin there about.
Gautam Khanna: Just broader context you looked back at the Tactical Comps business and it wasn't just two years ago when the backlog things were -- there was an air pocket and what have you. Backlogs were up more than 2X. I'm just curious you mentioned the DoD, the international pipeline is $2.5 billion. Where is the DoD pipeline and do you think there is any risk over the next couple of years that we'll see a similar air pocket are we sort of in order frenzy and we're not going to see much in the way of backlog growth, what's the -- what should we be tracking because it's been a pop up in a way for a while now and I'm just curious if we're ever going to see any erosion in backlog over the next year or two and what should we be prepared for?
Bill Brown: So it's so good question. So the pipeline is about $1.6 billion on the DoD side, it's up about 12%, 13% year-over-year. A lot of it's coming out of modernization, so we're starting to see this long awaited modernization trend, we're really at the front end of it, modernization revenue for this year we think is in the $270 million to $275 million range. It's up substantially from last year. We see continued support, continued momentum in special operations. We're now shipping into second half of the 2-channel radio, the army we're shipping a 2-channel radio we're down the path of the Manpack or SOCOM, we're heading down the path on delivering on the first LRIP for Manpack, we will see another LRIP coming at the back end of this year probably a third one next year. OT will be next summer, the Marine Corps is now starting to position for their own modernization by. So we're on the front end to what I still believe is a really important ramp, couple of years ago the budgets were about $650 million this year $950 million, according to last year's FDAP they peak around $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. So I think we've got a lot of headroom in front of us and as I look at that and just see what's happened over the last three years in our business we've grown about two-thirds in that business. There could be another substantial uptick in our revenue in DoD in the next three years just based on what we see in the budget, the momentum in the business, even with some expectations of a little bit more share gain in that DoD side, the business could be in the range of $900 million to a $1 billion in three years. So we continue to see very good momentum and no hiccups whatsoever but right now in the DoD business, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just a last one from me, if you could update us on some of the milestones we should be tracking related to the merger. So in terms of when the board is going to be announced the new 10 member board, anything you can give us that we can track in advance with the close?
Bill Brown: I think the next thing that we will be talking about probably is once the S4 is approved by the SEC, and we issue you a proxy there will be a shareowners meeting, I can't tell you exactly when that's going to be, that's not the long pole in the tent, it's really getting HSR approval from the U.S. DoD, we probably won't announce anything on the new board structure until after the shareowners meeting. So that'll probably be in the spring timeframe, I'm not sure what other milestones or events we'll be announcing but we still believe based on what we've seen that we'll be able to close by mid calendar year and again should we see any change from that, we will communicate with investors appropriately.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Myles Walton with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Myles Walton: I was hoping to go back to the synergy in particular the working capital synergy commentary because it’s pretty, pretty impressive number as you achieve it, I'm just curious when you juxtapose the current environment of mid-to-high-single-digit growth for yourselves and mid-single-digit growth for L3 versus what was a flat organic environment and working capital savings are being more difficult, I'm just curious if growth is constraining kind of your six to seven days of reduction in combined company or if that's a baseline you think you could outperform against?
Bill Brown: Well, I think I was hearing most of that Myles but look I think the way I look at that opportunity is combined at the end of calendar 2018, we had about 70 days of working capital, so L3 ended around 80, we are about 50 on a comparable apples-to-apples basis to about 70. We're sitting at 50, we took 20 days out with Exelis, we're only was assuming six or seven days out at about $35 million per day more or less, I do think there's opportunities to go beyond that. We have -- we've assigned a consultant team a clean team to kind of look at working capital both Harris and L3 look at the specific entities where we have higher than normal working capital of specific items, some of it is payables, locked inventory, lot of unbilled, those opportunities certainly on the inventory side do take time to action and to achieve that's why we say over the course of three years, we'll be bringing that down. But I believe that there's anything six to seven day improvement is probably, probably on the conservative side, I think there's probably an opportunity to do a bit better than that. And top of that we do see organic growth and just on normal sort of drop through in our business in a 20% tax rate, we do see cash growth simply coming from organic growth. And the other we don't really talk much about is on the capital spending side where we do some of our facilities there might be a little opportunity on capital spending, there is probably a little opportunity on cash taxes, so we've got a lot of things that I think are trending as tailwinds for us that gives us Chris and I a lot of confidence to be able to get $3 billion three years down.
Myles Walton: And then your 40% of that cost synergy target in year one, what do you think that is in terms of percentage for your working capital synergy in your one, how quickly does this come off?
Bill Brown: So on the 40%, I wasn’t sure I heard all the question 40% of the $500 million of gross synergy will happen year once about $200 million that's going to basically be segment and CHQ consolidations and some indirects. And that's really where that is going to come from. I don't think we really guided anything in terms of working capital improvements in the first year but I know we'll see something, we'll see something in calendar 2019, we'll see more in 2020, we'll see more in 2021, so I don't think it will be -- it's probably a couple of days I guess, we'll see this year. But I think we're really suggesting more than that, we're still seeing six to seven days over the next three years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Raviv: Hey, good morning everyone. Bill on the call, so on your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about readiness demand versus modernization, readiness being a big driver last year now for modernization, can you talk about this kind of those two buckets more broadly and across the business not just CS both this year and going forward in terms of what you've seen your backlog, your pipeline and what you expect out of budgets both here and abroad?
Bill Brown: Actually, Jon, I missed the front part of your question, I'm sorry.
Jon Raviv: I’m sorry, as you parsed between readiness and modernization, you mentioned how there's a real shift now towards modernization which one would think would give kind of stick your piece of business than readiness which could flex up and down more rapidly?
Bill Brown: Yes, so, thank you, Jon, that's a great question. So we had a really good year last year in terms of readiness demand, remember there was a couple of security forces, systems brigade that we fielded that was with the Army, we may see another one this year, we saw a lot of opportunities with the Air Force last year, we saw a little bit more this year on their TAC piece as well as their base support. So readiness now we are starting to shift over this year into modernization, I think you're exactly right there's a lot more stickiness on that there's a discrete budget that's specific to the HMS program to the SOCOM handheld programs the SOCOM Manpack in the Marine Corps, they are specific budget items. So I think there is a lot more stickiness to that, there's IDIQ vehicles both all the services are buying off of those IDIQ vehicles. So we feel very good about what's happening this year-end and really the expectation that that's going to continue into next year. There's a very clear plan that SOCOM in the Army have laid out as to how they want to buy, how they want to feel based on those radios when they want to test, the budgets are coming off of so all of that seems to have a lot more predictability than what we saw in readiness. So to your point I think that's exactly right, we'll see a little more stickiness and predictability on modernization.
Jon Raviv: And as the customer seems to as always focuses on getting more for less saving money in this case in light of deficits, I think would you will be able to characterize what your customer conversations have been over the recent weeks and months as you prepare for an FY 2020 budget which is supposed to reflect some, some changes in how the DoD is approaching both how they do business and what they want to focus on in the five-year plan?
Bill Brown: Well, look I think the conversation is not a lot different recently than it might have been a year or two ago which is you're right, they do want more for less that that makes sense, they drive the budgets are coming up but affordability is key. They want innovation; they should industry to step up on innovation, spending our own money we have done that, L3 also has done that in significant way. There has been conversations around contract financing that's still a live wire still a live switch but these are the things are sort of going on in the background but at the end of the day, it's a -- according to National Defense Strategy, there's a lot of opportunities to continue to invest, develop new capabilities, field capabilities faster to the war fighter, so every conversation is around innovation, speed to feel the capabilities, affordability those are incentivizing industry to perform, these are all the basic parts of our conversation with DoD including some meetings we had last week.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning. Bill, I wonder if you could talk maybe a little bit more about the space business, obviously very strong performance in the quarter to the extent possible maybe talk about the degree to which you have visibility on future growth, space has been an important area of the budget and the extent to which that's driven by small versus exquisite? And maybe the last point the meaning of -- you pointed out the first HSAT and kind of the meaning of that and where you sort of see that, that platform going?
Bill Brown: Well look at, this is our classified business in space has been very, very strong and call space in general, it's space ground other parts of the different domains that we participate in but the trends have been very, very good. We had a really good start, orders are good, the pipeline is very strong in that business, we've had good success in growing our smallsat franchise. This is something that we've been investing towards for the last four or five years or longer. Certainly the initial work we've done on hosted payloads it is an investment to get ahead of the curve on smallsat are now paying dividends, it's not just with one customer, it's multiple customers both in the IC as well as within DoD. So it's all good news. We launched HSAT with couple of months ago, it's performing very well. The purpose of that investment was simply to demonstrate Harris ability to drive and manage an end-to-end mission. So to be able to build a satellite itself provide all the components, secure launch and do all agreement ground command-and-control and downlink all from our facilities and that is now sort of proven some credibility there. There were another two classified smallsat that launched at the end of last year as well they are also performing well. So again this is a great momentum that's being built and I see continued growth in that particular domain, it's all this drive towards more resiliency in our space architecture. That being said there are still investments to recapitalize on exquisite side, we've also seen good growth on exquisite space, that's a big driver of our growth in 2019 from 2018 and will continue into 2020 and 2021. So that's also quite good and on the ground-based adjacency that program over the last two years has tripled in size, again it's moving from providing a component to now a full mission solution on a whole different mission. So lot of this over the last four or five years is really from this trend that we've been working on moving from components to sub-systems to full end-to-end mission solutions, sometimes that takes investment in IRAD, sometimes it takes building and launching your own smallsat but that's a direction we are moving down. And it allows us to go after a much bigger piece of the overall classified budget which by the way is growing as well. So this is the right direction that we're moving in and the team there Bill Gattle and his team have been very successful, really across all of these dimensions.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks and last one I think when you were speaking earlier about tactical, you mentioned an airborne award and I’m just wondering just as an area that hasn't been a very big part of the franchise historically, are there awards or opportunities out there in airborne that you see as potentially over the longer-term providing opportunities for further growth in Tactical?
Bill Brown: Yes, this has been, just a growth agenda, growth strategy we've had for the last three years and we've been articulating that with investors. We have principally in the Tactical business been a ground radio business and we saw two growth opportunities in adjacencies, one in the airborne side, airborne radios and the other is on systems, tactical systems, communication systems and we've been successful early on across both of those dimensions. We've been winning business on airborne radios, it's on the smallsat terminal, it's a component with ViaSat that's been growing very, very well. We have an opportunity to take our 2-channel handheld radio and embed it into the ARC-201 a radio we got with the Exelis acquisition as well as some capability of providing radios in the aerial tier from Exelis. We see opportunities in doing ground to air data links, that's been a very important growth business for us as well. So this is a good growth opportunity for us as they move and merge between the airborne tier and the ground tier and connecting the two, we think this is going to continue to be sort of a growth vector for Harris in the future certainly even more so with L3.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Sullivan: Just within the space, you mentioned the classified budgets there clearly top-line defense budgets gets most of the focus but what are some of the trends within the classified budgets that you're seeing and what kind of growth is related to your programs, just give little more granularity on that?
Bill Brown: Yes, so the last I've seen the they call the national intelligence program, the military intelligence programs the NIP and MIP total about $81 billion, it's up couple of percent from last year, it's been growing over the last three or four years again these budgets tend to be a little bit more resilient more well funded, they are generally classified, we don't get a lot of data across the individual spending, a line item certainly not that we can talk in a open community. But basically what we've seen are more funding going towards those things that we've been putting our money and turning on against in terms of IRAD and that is towards like things like smallsat. That's an area that has been we have seen increasing growth in the intelligence budgets and we're getting the benefit of that, a lot more money into the broad category of space superiority. So how we protect your brand architecture that we happen to have and we've seen over the last three or four years, our space superiority business grow, I talked a bit about some opportunity we won recently on counter communications. So there's opportunities in that space as well and as well on our ground adjacencies, this is capabilities to find ways of gathering information where becomes harder to gather over time. And that -- those are the kind of things that the where the budgets are moving from a classified perspective and it's the areas that we've been focused on internally within the company over the last four or five years as well.
Josh Sullivan: And then just on the smallsat topic, you did three launches here, I believe you mentioned 17 orders on hand, what's the pace of launches going forward and then maybe what does the overall pipeline look like?
Bill Brown: Yes, so we'll see probably later on this calendar year, I know there is series of launches that still need to be determined is going to be based on when they get to the customer or when the customer secures a right for those particular smallsat that would be part of some other mission. So that will be determined but it will happen over the next one to two years probably and as we prove out our ability to successfully launch these satellites and for them to perform and provide really terrific capabilities, I think that's going to build credibility and I think you'll see much better cadence here. So we're starting from 10s and now going to hundreds. The constellation will be in the hundreds not in the 10s or 20s. So we do see over time that that could be a very big opportunity for the company again it starts slow and we have to prove out our ability and the customers ability to manage these capabilities on a smaller platform.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Alembic Global Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning guys, great quarter, great growth. Hey Bill, just a follow-up on that last question, it seems like all of the big contractors are getting into the smallsat arena in some fashion, do you see you guys kind of in the leaves there or you being kind of keeping a few different competitors in the running to keep its options open, I'm just curious as to how that market is kind of unfolding given it sounds like it's going to be pretty substantial?
Bill Brown: Well, I think it's going to be substantial and you're right, I think a lot of other players are pushing into that area, it's not like launching a Nanosatellite or your CubeSat, there's a lot more specific capabilities that are provided we're offering. It's not our bus we're securing the satellite bus from another vendor it's more the bus itself is more commodity like it's really around the capabilities are embedded on the platform, the response of payloads, the antennas, the capability there how you up and download information, how you manage it, so there's a lot more sophistication, so these are pretty technologically advanced small satellites, I think we're probably year or two in the lead. We have a few that are operating, so that gives us some credibility but at the end of the day the team has to continue to work hard to advance the technology, continue to drive cost down embed more capability on to these small satellites and that's what the team is really focused on doing that.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining the call. Any additional questions please feel free to get in touch with me. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc. Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Harris Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Discussions today will include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. We ended fiscal 2018 on a high note with fourth quarter earnings per share up 19% on revenue growth of 8%, the highest top-line growth we've seen in seven years. Revenue was once again up in all segments and operating margin expanded 50 basis points to 19.6%. For the year, earnings per share was up 18% to $6.50 on 5% revenue growth and we generated record free cash flow of $915 million, 116% of net income. Orders were up 18% and increased by double-digits for the fifth consecutive quarter, ending the year up 23% with a book-to-bill of 1.2, and backlog up 26%. All driven by our multi-year investment and innovation, strong customer positions, high win rates, and an improving budget environment. Rahul will walk through the details of the quarter and full-year financial results. But I want to take a moment to just recap the highlights of the year on slide 4. Communication Systems had a terrific year with revenue up 9% from strength in DoD Tactical and Night Vision. DoD Tactical revenue was up 46% in the quarter and 35% for the year driven by more than $100 million of readiness demand from the Army and the Air Force to support deployment of security forces overseas, with upgraded software-defined-radios. Order momentum was even stronger up 81% for the year to support readiness and the ramp of modernization programs. Notable wins include the first LRIP order for the Army HMS Manpack. Additional orders from the Marine Corps for Manpack radios with MUOS capability, and a $765 million sole-source IDIQ for Navy and Marine Corps Falcon III and next-gen radios, double the previous contract and aligned with the budget request for Marine Corps modernization efforts over the next few years. We were also awarded a sole-source five year $130 million IDIQ by the Air Force to develop and produce a handheld video data link radio to provide airborne collected ISR information to forces on the ground, representing the successful execution of our strategy to penetrate adjacent markets like Tactical ISR. International Tactical also performed well, with revenue up 10% for the quarter and down less than 1% for the year, as increased demand in the Middle East and Africa to support counter-terrorism activity, and the ramp of the Australian modernization program in the Asia-Pacific region offset the expected decline in Eastern Europe. International orders were up 25% in the year, which combined with a robust and diverse pipeline gives us confidence that international will return to growth in fiscal 2019. Overall for the year, Tactical ended the year stronger than we first expected with revenue up 11%, orders up 41% and backlog up 82% to about $900 million. Giving us confidence and continued growth in Tactical and the broader CS segment in fiscal 2019 and beyond. In Electronic Systems, after a flattish first half due to the ADS-B transition, second half revenue growth accelerated to 9%, with growth across all ES businesses and ending the year above the high end of our 5% guidance range. The key driver with long-term platforms like the F-35, F-18, and F-16 which collectively grew by more than 20% as a result of technology upgrades, ramped production, and increased content. Two international programs; UK Robotics and the UAE Battle Management also contributed to strong year-over-year growth in ES. Segment orders increased 33% to $3.1 billion with more than – and more than doubled to over a $1 billion on the F-35, the F-18 and the F-16 platforms. In June, we were awarded by a $400 million sole-source IDIQ to supply Electronic Warfare Systems for international F-16s. That's a key gating item as we work towards capturing an estimated $1.5 billion opportunity. On the F-18, we had our best orders year on record, and we received two awards totaling $320 million to supply electronic jammers to protect U.S. in international F18s against electronic threats, supporting multi-year growth on this important platform. We continue to make progress on the international pursuits, successfully delivering our first two robotic systems for Explosive Ordnance Disposal missions to the UK MOD. Achieving this milestone is important as we pursue other international opportunities in the upcoming U.S. DoD Common Robotic System Competition. We also leveraged our FAA managed services model to capture a 15-year $141 million contract in the quarter to modernize India's air traffic management communications infrastructure, supporting growth in one of the world's largest aviation markets. Overall for Electronic Systems, book-to-bill was 1.3 for the year and backlog increased 30% to $2.6 billion. This combined with the $17 billion pipeline and $4.5 billion in proposals outstanding, gives us confidence that revenue will continue to accelerate in fiscal 2019. In Space and Intel, revenue was up 1% for the year as growth in Classified programs from the ramp of smallsats, ground-based adjacencies and Space surveillance programs, offset the expected headwinds on environmental programs. Investments in R&D and innovation ahead of the customer needs, resulted in double-digit growth in Classified orders for the year as we strengthen our global leadership in hosted payloads, increased our share of wallet with existing customers, and expanded our addressable market from components to now full-mission solutions. Orders for the segment grew 6% and book-to-bill was slightly greater than 1% for the year. With about 80% of fiscal 2019 revenue and backlog and high confidence, follow-on opportunities, a $14 billion pipeline, continued strength in Classified Space, and decreasing headwinds on our environmental programs, we now expect mid-single digit growth for the segment in fiscal 2019. We continue to maintain best-in-class margins and generate a record free cash flow of $915 million, returning about $550 million to shareholders. We also achieved our post-Exelis debt reduction commitment of $2 billion, and pre-funded our pension plan to about 90%, with no required contributions until 2025, creating future cash flow flexibility. But our strong operation performance wouldn't be possible without a relentless focus on operational excellence. It's a program we call Harris Business Excellence or HBX. HBX is integral part of the Harris culture of continuous improvement and it's contributed to successes across the enterprise. For example, the Night Vision over the last two years, we've improved yield and on-time delivery while lowering cost, resulting in significant margin expansion and double-digit growth. This business has moved from being a watch area, when we acquired Exelis to a growth driver. And the improved returns, give us the room to increase investment to compete on upcoming U.S. and international modernization programs. On the F-35 program, we've delivered over a million parts with greater than 99.95% on-time delivery and we've received the Outstanding Supplier Award in our weapons release factory in Amityville. Operational performance and a commitment to innovation has driven increased content per shipset with opportunities to expand it further in the future. And on the F-18, IDECM program to franchise with more than a $1 billion in orders to date, we've cut factory cycle time by 10% and have been recognized by the Navy for maintaining a 100% on-time delivery record over the past 20 years. In Space and Intel you've heard me speak about improved execution on the SENSOR program and we continue to make progress, with on-time delivery increasing from 35% when we acquired Exelis to 90% today, driving 15% revenue growth on the program just this past year. And finally, on GPS III, we've corrected the legacy issues and established a proven and reliable production cadence, delivering the fifth payload in March with numbers 6 through 8 expected by early next year. And now with a recently developed fully digital Mission Data Unit, we're well-positioned for the upcoming GPS IIIF award and maintaining incumbency. Overall, we've had an exceptional year, in which we returned to growth and generated record earnings per share and free cash flow, meeting or exceeding the targets we set for ourselves. For fiscal 2019, we expect to build on that momentum and continue our strong performance, accelerating growth in all three segments, increasing margins and maximizing cash. For the year, we expect earnings per share of $7.65 to $7.85 on revenue growth of 6% to 8% and to achieve our $1 billion free cash flow goal. Let me now turn it over to Rahul to walk through our financial results and additional details on fiscal 2019 guidance, before I close with a few comments on our medium-term outlook. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Starting with total company results on slide 5. As a reminder, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude one-time adjustments. Revenue was up 8% in the fourth quarter and operating income increased 11% on higher volume and operational efficiencies, resulting in margin expansion of 50 basis points to 19.6%. EPS grew by 19%, or $0.29, and excluding the benefit of tax reform was up 12%, or $0.18. Free cash flow was a record $464 million for the quarter. Turning to the full-year EPS bridge on slide 6. EPS grew by 18%, or $0.97. The expected $0.21 headwind from the ADS-B program transition was offset by disciplined capital deployment. Half of the EPS growth was from higher volume in Tactical Communications, Avionics, and Classified Space, solid program execution, productivity and higher pension income offset by lower environmental volume and program mix. The other half came from a lower tax rate including the benefit from tax reform. On slide 7, Communication Systems' revenue in the quarter was $523 million, up 16% versus the prior year with growth across all the three businesses in the segment. In addition to the strong growth of 21% in Tactical, Night Vision revenue was again up double-digits as the business continued to improve execution. Operating income for the segment was up 11% to $162 million from higher volume and operational efficiencies. Operating margin remained strong at 31% and orders were up 6%, growing for the eighth consecutive quarter. For the full-year, revenue and operating income each increased 9% with operating margin of 30%. Segment orders increased 28%, book-to-bill was 1.3x, and greater than 1x in each of the three businesses in the segment. We continue to include historical information for Tactical orders, revenue and backlog as supplemental information at the end of the presentation. On slide 8, Electronic Systems' revenue was $640 million, up 8% for the quarter, driven by growth in Avionics, Electronic Warfare, and C4ISR. Segment operating income increased 14% to $119 million from higher volume and strong operational performance. Orders grew double-digits for the fifth straight quarter, up 38% with a book-to-bill of 1.3x. For the full year, segment revenue was up 5%, and operating margin was at 18.6%, as operational efficiencies partially offset the negative impact of the ADS-B program transition, incremental investment, and shift in program revenue mix. On slide 9, in Space and Intelligence, revenue for the fourth quarter was up 0.4% and operating income was up 8% as margins expanded 110 basis points from strong program execution and higher pension income. For the full-year, revenue was up 1% as continued growth in Classified programs was partially offset by an expected decline in the environmental program revenue. Operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 17.5%. Switching to guidance for fiscal 2019. We have adopted the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 using the full retrospective method, effective at the beginning of fiscal 2019. Adopting the new standard requires adjusting the timing of recognition of revenue and associated program cost for a few contract, treatment of certain expenses, but does not materially impact our total financial results. Our guidance is based on the new revenue recognition standard and the preliminary re-casted historical financials are included as supplemental information on slide 16. For fiscal 2019, revenue is expected to be up 6% to 8% over the re-casted fiscal 2018 base, which is $11 million lower than the reported numbers. So not a material impact. The growth in the year has driven by continued DoD Tactical modernization, as well as growth across Electronic Warfare, Avionics, Battle Management and Classified Space Programs. We expect total company EBIT margins to be between 19.3% and 19.7% from strong growth in higher margin Communications Systems and Electronic Systems segments. Fiscal 2019 EPS is expected to be between $7.65 and $7.85 and includes a placeholder of $400 million for share repurchases and an effective tax rate of 17%. We expect to generate greater than or equal to $1 billion in free cash flow in fiscal 2019, reflecting higher earnings and cash tax benefit from pension prefunding, partially offset by increased working capital, higher capital expenditures, and the timing of tax payments. We ended fiscal 2018 with working capital of 42 days, a one day improvement over 2017 and 2019 guidance reflects continued improvement in working capital performance. Capital expenditures grew by approximately $35 million to $170 million to support new program starts. We are expecting accelerated growth in each of the segments in fiscal 2019. Communications Systems revenue is expected to be up between 8% and 10%. With DoD Tactical up mid to high teens, Night Vision, up double-digits and International Tactical and Public Safety up low to mid-single digits. Modernization growth in DoD Tactical will primarily occur in the second half of the fiscal year as we start to ship Manpacks for the Army and ramp-up production and deliveries of handhelds with SOCOM and the Army. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 29.5% and 30.5%, reflecting the dilutive margin impact of new program starts and incremental systems work that is more than offset by the benefits from operational excellence and fixed cost leverage from higher volume in the Rochester factory. Electronic Systems' revenue is expected to be up between 7% and 8%, driven by strong growth in Avionics and Electronic Warfare as fiscal 2018 backlog converts to revenue, and the continued ramp of UAE Battle Management program. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 18% and 19% as growth from lower margin program is offset by operational excellence. In Space and Intelligence, revenue is expected to be up between 4% and 5%. Classified business representing about two-thirds of the segment is expected to grow high-single digits, partially offset by continued modest weakness in environmental programs, which we expect to reach a trough this fiscal year. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 17% and 18%, reflecting the volume increase and operational efficiencies. Fiscal 2019 EPS bridge on slide 11. EPS is expected to grow between $1.15 and $1.35 from higher volume across the three segments; operational efficiencies, lower tax rate including the benefit of tax reform and accretive capital deployment. And with that, let me turn it back to Bill for closing remarks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Rahul. I want to close with a few comments on our multi-year strategy, including the growth outlook for the medium-term. As we recap on slide 12, in recent years we reshaped our portfolio to focus on high-growth, high-margin businesses, successfully integrated Exelis, and made disciplined investments in the business that led to several new product launches and strategic program wins. We also de-risked the balance sheet to give us more financial flexibility. Fiscal 2018 was an inflection point for Harris as we returned to growth and grew backlog significantly. This combined with a more favorable budget environment, especially in strategic growth areas, positions us well to accelerate growth in fiscal 2019 in the medium-term. At this time last year, I laid out the medium-term growth drivers by segment that is shown on slide 14, and over the past year we've seen the outlook improve in each of them. Communication and Electronic Systems are now expected to grow high-single digits and Space and Intel at mid-single digits, the higher end of the medium-term range for all three segments that we indicated this time last year. In Tactical, we're beginning to see the DoD modernization ramp across all the services, and International has stabilized and is returning to growth as we leverage our incumbency and large installed base and benefit from higher defense spending by coalition partners. In Electronic Systems, Avionics and Electronic Warfare are entering a multi-year growth cycle, driven by our position in long-term platforms. And in Space in Intel, Classified growth will accelerate as we maintain high win rates and expand into adjacencies in a growing budgeted environment and the headwinds in the environmental business now become tailwinds. We've been on a multi-year journey to improve margins. And while we made progress in driving productivity and efficiency in recent years, I see much more opportunity in front of us. We're now halfway through standardizing our systems that will reduce the number of ERP platforms from 28 to 3, simplifying our operating environment, driving productivity through growth and shared services, automating core processes, and laying the foundation of our enterprise-wide digital strategy. By the end of this year, we will have eliminated 80% of our data centers. And by fiscal 2021, the remainder will be fully cloud enabled. We recently hired a new Chief Technology Officer who is fundamentally reshaping how we design and develop new products to get more out of every R&D dollar we invest. We're fully deploying DevOps to streamline software development, which is going to be more than 40% of our engineering work today, and is expected to increase over time. And we continue to squeeze more cost savings out of our supply-chain through value engineering and should cost analysis on new products, and improving supplier performance and reducing sole-source components on legacy solutions. Taken together, this relentless focus on operational excellence combined with the leverage on incremental volume that will drive margin expansion in Communication and Electronic Systems as well as for Harris as a whole. In summary, we expect higher revenue, higher margin, double-digit earnings per share growth, and sustained cash generation through the medium-term. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I just had a couple of program-related questions. First, on the ES segment, the midpoint of your margin guidance would be flattish with 2018. And I think you call out some lower-margin programs perhaps being offset by operational improvement. What are some of these lower-margin programs, or the mix shift that you see here?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I think, first I'd say on 2018, we ended the year at 19.2% and we were guiding to 19.3% to 19.7%. So, at the center point we're up about 30 basis points before the Rev Rec goes in place, it's 50 basis points including revenue recognition. But as we've seen growth in our segments, especially in our Space, in environmental, in our Electronic Systems' business, some new wins like a Classified business is coming in at a lower than average segment margins and that's growing pretty healthily, and that will bring down the SIS segment a little bit, again offset by operational excellence. And of course, over in the Communication Systems segment and Tactical, as we see the ramp of modernization programs, as we've said before on this call, we'll see those programs coming at slightly lower than segment or normal Tactical margins, but improving over time as we continue to take costs out of the products, as we've done many times in the past.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And on F-35, you talked a little bit about higher content as one of the drivers there. Lockheed's been doing some things with the suppliers in order to pursue lower costs and better value, at least on things that are not life of program. Are there further opportunities or risks for your packages on the aircraft?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You know, Rob, we see more opportunities than risk, so there are some risks that remain today. We're about $2.2 million per shipset. Either we provide the mat (26:09) or we provide the common components. We have the bomb-release system, the carriage-release system. We recently won, over the last year, the PCD EU as well as the Aircraft Memory System. You know one of the things that's coming up is the ICP, the Integrated Core Processor, or the Mission Processor and that'll be awarded probably sometime later on this year. We're one of three companies are in the hunt on that. And over time, I think, you've heard Lockheed talk about what they might do on the ICNI as well as on the EW platform. And given our progress so far on EW and the work we've done through software-defined EW, a big investment over the last several years, a small size, weight and power systems, really improvements in cognitive in the algorithms we have. You know we think we'll be a player there if they decide to move down the path and re-compete that. So, as I look at F-35, is both going to grow from a volume perspective, but I think net-net I see opportunities to increase our content per shipset over time.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Dave.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Bill, you talked, I think, again about $4 billion in outstanding bids at ES. Could you just talk about, obviously, the big ones, the chunky ones and the timing around those when you would expect to hear on those?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, there's some – certainly a big piece of it is going to be some opportunities, we have with the FAA, which is a bridge contract on the FTI program. We should expect that over the next couple of months that's going to be an important one, but there's a lot of other activities including some of what I just mentioned on the F-35. There's opportunities on F-16. You know there's opportunities in the near-term pipeline on robotic systems, especially as we extend that platform beyond the UK into other international markets as well as U.S. DoD. So, it really goes across the gamut of what's in the Electronic Systems business. I don't know, if you have any other color, Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: The only other thing I would add to that Bill is, we've got – you know we've been talking about the UAE program, David, and a lots of bids that are outstanding to expand that program, further not only with the land forces, but even beyond that within the country.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: That was a $189 million program in the UAE and we're coming up very close to a mission readiness exercise in the next month or two which has gone, so far exceptionally well and as that goes well in the August-September timeframe, as well as point out, there's a big opportunity ahead of us in the UAE.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, I mean, in terms of percentage, are you going to hear – on the $4 billion, would you hear 75% of that this year, or is – kind of ballpark how much are you, what percentage you expect to hear on this year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I think the bulk of it, we should hear on within the next year, yes.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Bill, you outlined the potential for margin upside between volume and productivity and various other things. Currently, the businesses as a whole are running around 22%. Would you care to frame kind of the margin upside potential you're thinking about here?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, when I look at it – let me take it from the Harris-wide perspective, you're talking about the seg Op margin or segment EBIT margin.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: This year, we're going to be – again, center point of our guidance is 19.5%. So that's up on an average about 30 basis points over reported 2018, a little bit more than that when you look at the revenue recognition restatement in 2018. But if I go out in the 2019 – into fiscal 2020, I think we should be approaching, if not hitting 20%. So, we believe with the maturity of our operational excellence program, some of the actions, the steps we're taking today and the way we're going to take cost out of new product launches like in Tactical over the next 12 to 18 months, we're pretty confident of margin expansion in 2020 and beyond.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. It's Gavin on for Noah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Gavin.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, having taken up the revenue guidance in all three of the segments, just kind of how should we think about how much visibility you have into that over the next few years? How much of that is already in backlog given you've had bookings well above revenue past few years or how much of that is contingent upon further budget growth?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: When we look at going into next year, again, we're guiding to 6% to 8% revenue growth. We ended the year with very strong backlog growth. And as I look into next year, Harris as a whole – and I'll really keep my comments specific to fiscal 2019, we have about two-thirds of our revenue that's covered either in backlog or in high probability follow-on opportunities, which is up from where we were last year. And it's up pretty substantially in the CS business, as well as the Space and Intel segment. So, we think just based on where the backlog is, the pipeline we have, the bids that are outstanding, I see more visibility on revenue in fiscal 2019 than we would say going into 2018 a year ago.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the long-term outlook for Manpack, I'm just curious if you could update us on how much you think of the IDIQ might be exercised. Do you think you can get more than 50% share, and if so, what do you think your share could ultimately be on that program?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Look, we've been running historically over the last five to 10 years at a much higher share than 50%. So, we would aspire to have our fair share of that market, which would be more than 50%. Look, first of all, the funding lines for Tactical as a whole are actually quite strong. They're up in the fiscal 2019 NDAA from 2018, and 2018 was up about 17%, 20% from fiscal 2016, and they're growing to about $1 billion or $1.2 billion a year over the next several years. So, the funding that's supporting the overall Tactical business is very, very strong including the HMS Manpack. We're doing well. We had a delivery order, an LRIP delivery order for 1,129 units out of (32:31) delivery in fiscal 2019. We expect that we'll see another LRIP order probably in the back half of our fiscal 2019 of some size, leading into operational testing in fiscal 2020. So, it is all playing out, I think, very well. It's moving forward as we'd expected. The budget is there. The Army is moving the program. So, I think, it's all very good news on not just the Army Manpack, but really all the Tactical Radio programs as a whole.
Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and nice results again.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Carter. Thank you.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Bill, I wondered if you might expand a little bit on the – just the thought process around the R&D pipeline. Obviously, your IRAD investments have had a lot of payoff, a lot of attractive payoff in the last couple of years, and I just wonder if you think about the incremental dollars and opportunities that you have in that pipeline, is your thought process around these things changing? I mean, you've obviously had a lot of success, just help us with the mindset around what else may be out there given the success you've seen already.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's a very good question, Carter, thank you. In fact, having a new CTO on the team over the last year is really helping us dig in a lot more into where we're spending our money and where we shouldn't be spending our money going forward. I mean, you're right, over the last couple of years we've raised our investment in IRAD. This year we closed at just over 5% of revenue, which is above where everyone else in the segment, the peers happen to be. It's going to go up again a little bit in fiscal 2020. When tax reform was enacted, we took our fiscal 2018 number up about $20 million, because we saw new opportunities in things like robotics that we invested in. So, we continue to look at how we spend money, we look at the return on different programs, we look at how we leverage capabilities across the company. Lots of places around Harris invest in various features of software or waveforms, and we're thinking about how do we leverage the investments we have across the company in a more productive way. So that's one of the things our CTO is helping us think about. As I go out a year or two or three from here, I don't think we'll be substantially higher than as a percentage of revenue. So, I see it neither as a margin drag nor tailwind on our margins. But if we continue to find good opportunities to invest, invest ahead of the curve, invest ahead of where the customer is going to go. And I think as you look at the results we're pointing out today and very good growth, it really does come from some of the IRAD investments we've made in the last three or four years.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Is there a way to increase the velocity of opportunities that you're identifying down at the segment level so you can deploy more dollars in that direction?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, that's certainly something that we're looking at very, very carefully and something that we're focused on as an organization. Certainly, as you deploy tools like DevOps, it's going to help you develop products which have significant software content faster. The concept is basically being able to integrate your – continuously integrate and test software builds so that you always have a software feature that you can field in market, and that is something that we have not developed – a lot of the defense companies have not, and that is going to compress the cycle time for software pretty substantially. We've seen that in multiple cases where we deployed DevOps. As we go out the next two years to three years, you know by fiscal 2021, we think 85% or 90% of our new starts will be on DevOps, I think that's going to be a key thing to compressing our overall cycle time in developing and launching new products, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Awesome. Thanks for the color, Bill.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Carter, I just wanted to add to what Bill said. So just to give you an example or a couple of different examples, a lot of – like if you take Communication Systems as a segment, we've been investing a lot in hardware over the last couple of years with SOCOM and the Army all the products coming on. So even that is kind of coming to an end at this point, with SOCOM Manpack is a one big program that is going to work on next year. So, a lot of the attention now is going to shift to waveforms and the software that goes onto those radios, and how do we monetize that revenue stream as we've done previously with the MUOS waveform. So, there's a shift of where we're spending the dollars are happening as well within our R&D space.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just a couple of questions. I was hoping you could kind of update us on the pipeline at Tactical RS, DoD International and if you can call out any larger campaigns that you're pursuing?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. Yeah. First, on the international side, pipeline is actually still very good. It's about $2.3 billion, it's still about the same where we were last quarter. You know, the makeup really looks about the same about 50% is Middle East and Africa. You know, Iraq remains a big opportunity. It was pretty substantial in 2018. It will be a substantial amount in 2019 and beyond. So, there's really good opportunities there. About 30% is in Europe and we're starting to see a little bit of a shift from Eastern Europe to Western Europe from countries like Poland and Romania to NATO countries, so in Western Europe still a little bit of a shift. And then the balance is going to be in Asia, in Central and Latin America, a little bit in Canada. In Asia, we see Australia some additional opportunities on the rise and other smaller countries in Asia. And we see in Central America, we see Mexico being a bigger opportunity in 2019 than we had in 2018. So, overall the trends I think are very positive in the International. We ended up having a good year in fiscal 2018 in International, a little bit better than we thought, down less than 1% and a little bit better in Europe than we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. So, played out a little bit better than we had thought. And I think we'll be back to low-mid-single digit growth in fiscal 2019. Do you want to cover the DoD?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, the DoD, Gautam, the DoD Tactical, it's right, it has actually grown since we last spoke. The DoD Tactical pipeline is now $1.7 billion, which includes about $400 million, $450 million of the modernization pipeline and about $1.2 billion, $1.25 billion on the base side so that's – so it's – I think last time we spoke, it was around a $1.5 billion if I remember correctly.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Right.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And just curious if you've seen any sort of potential blowback from some of the more challenged relationships the U.S. has with NATO allies, is there any – can you talk about your incumbency there and how much of a – how difficult it is for some of the NATO allies to switch away from the Harris radios that they've already purchased in? I'm just curious like is there any potential blowback from the friction we're seeing where they may prefer European suppliers or what have you instead?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Gautam, it's interesting. I see – we've seen no blowback in fact, I would say it's going in the other direction we're seeing more opportunities than we've seen in the past with NATO countries. I think it's turning out to be a little bit more of a positive than a negative in lots of ways. We are seeing coalition partners, NATO partners stepping up with more defense spending. And we do see opportunities that are increasing for Harris on the Tactical Radio side not decreasing.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And just one last one from me, you guys have been repurchasing quite a bit of stock, raising the dividend, repaying debt. How does this M&A fit into your medium-term plans, if at all?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, look, I mean I think you pointed out. I mean I think we've done a lot of good things on the balance sheet, we'll generate a $1 billion dollars of cash this year. We've been paying a dividend that's just under $300 million, we'll evaluate that at our August board meeting and decide if there's an increase and to what extent. We have a placeholder out there for $400 million worth of buyback, we have $300 million of debt that's due at the backend of the year. And over the course of 2019, we're going to evaluate that $400 million share buyback placeholder as to whether it's the best places to buy back our stock or to look at M&A. Certainly, as we get beyond 2019 when you really step up more on free cash that you see any – in fact any drag on debt repayments go to zero. We're going to generate more free cash and more optionality on that cash for M&A. So, look, we're going to – we're building our strategic pipeline on M&A. We're looking at a variety of different opportunities all within core segments and that will bolster our ability to compete. But nothing more to report on today, certainly, with the way we execute on Exelis and how we transformed the business at Harris, I'm very confident that any deal we do would be accretive and would be effective when we execute it and would be strategic to the company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Jon. How are you doing?
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Rahul, can you step us through some of the cash building blocks heading into next year? You went through a couple of them in your prepared remarks, but can you just sort of narrow in on things like working capital, cash flow, headwind versus tailwind? And then also, I know you mentioned CapEx, so a little bit more on cash building blocks towards the $1 billion?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. Jon, so in 2019, our net income is up about $140 million. And we get the cash tax benefit of about $90 million from the pension funding that we did or prefunding that we did back in 2018 and that's getting partially offset by increase in working capital of about $30 million to $40 million. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our days come down by one day, but we still because the revenue growth – we still see some drag on working capital. So, there is about $35 million of CapEx growth and it's primarily to fund new program starts like the FTI India win that Bill mentioned. Our ERP investment is a multi-year investment, it's a little bit of step up in that as well. Classified wins that we got in Space this year that required a little bit of CapEx. So, it's about $35 million growth in CapEx. And then there's some cash tax refunds that we got in 2019 from old payments in fiscal 2018 that we discussed earlier and that's a headwind as well and that won't repeat. So, you put all that together we feel good about the $1 dollars, but as we look further out Jon and look into fiscal 2020, you know the big one-time item that we have in fiscal 2019 is this $90 million of cash tax benefit from pension prefunding. And as we look at fiscal 2020, we think there's several offsets to that, the biggest being we have not yet recovered the Exelis restructuring outflows that we had from the government. It's a proposal (44:03) restructuring proposal, it's a multi-year approval process and we start recovering all the money that we have previously spent and we recovered that through our cost-plus program. So, there's a little bit of outflow in Exelis restructuring that still happening in the $10 million to $15 million range that kind of goes away. We do think that CapEx is a tailwind in fiscal 2020, because a lot of the program CapEx will be kind of behind us also the ERP implementation starts winding down. And then we're working on several other cash tax saving projects that we've kicked off this year and that will start delivering results in fiscal 2020. So, put all that together there's enough to offset the $90 million of one-time benefit that we'll get in fiscal 2019 and then earnings drive cash flow growth in 2020 and beyond.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. That's very, very helpful. And then just on the investment decisions. And then Bill, thank you for all the color you offered earlier in the call. Can you just offer some perspective on what role the customer is making or playing in driving those decision? Do you sense that customers are desiring to see more investments upfront that you can then deliver a more mature product at the other end? Just kind of curious what the customer conversations like when it comes to approaching CapEx and also R&D investments.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's a very good question, man. It's been a multi-year push by our DoD customers for industry to step up in R&D. And I think we heard that message that demand signal. We started to step up on this four years or five years ago. And I think that's paying some dividends today. We don't make investments in R&D internally without really understanding the business case, and understanding where the customer is going. The messages that we're hearing from them and we shape our internal investment pipeline accordingly. So, it's all very well connected to where we believe the customers are going. Input from them and I think, the fact that we've been willing to step up internally has paid dividends for us. And you see that very clearly upon what's happening on Electronic Warfare, with an area that was underinvested in by Exelis we stepped up dramatically in Electronic Warfare. And now, we've not only positioned ourselves to retain our strong platform position on F-16, F-18, B-52 but also now we're starting to get into the mix for re-competes on fifth-gen aircraft and proprietary platforms that are being envisioned down the road. So, I think one good example of where we're hearing the message, shaping our investments and I think we're investing smartly on behalf of shareowners. So, I think it's all pretty tightly connected. And again, our new CTO is going to help us shape it even further in the next couple of years.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Just on the medium-term target, there's solid growth outlook across the portfolio. I guess, how do you think about biggest risks, whether it's budget related or maybe tied to Op (47:09) pursuits in the pipeline?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: A little bit difficult to hear, but I think you're referring to the medium-term outlooks and – first of all budget is going to be an important driver to that. What I've seen very positively in the NDAA, which passed the House, it's supposed to be at the Senate this week, it could be signed by the President, before we even get out of fiscal 2018, which would be pretty unique. I think very encouraging to us as well as to all the people who issue procurement decisions in DoD, if the NDAA can get signed that quickly, and maybe even an Appropriations Bill by the end of September, that's even a possibility. So, I think these are all very positive indicators. So, when you look at Harris, last time I talked about medium-term as mid-single digit growth plus, I think now it's mid-to-high single digits, you see that coming through in 2019. It's really across the segments. I think a very important driver of that is going to be in the Communication Systems segment where we do see a very strong ramp in DoD in the Tactical Radio business, and we've been focusing a lot on commentary around the Army. We see the budgets growing pretty dramatically on the Army over the next four or five years. But you also see SOCOM growing, you see the Air Force being strong, and you see the Marine Corps recap coming in quite substantially. So, when I look at our next five years, there's about $5.5 billion worth of budget available to Harris on the Tactical Radio side that supports our business cumulative over the next five years. So, it's very, very encouraging to me. We also see I think great progress on some of the platforms in both Avionics and Electronic Warfare. I think we're just really starting this big growth. The IDIQ we won on the F-16 EW platform internationally was for $400 million. So, we booked an award for Turkey in Q4, that was $60 million (48:59), we had Morocco before that. We have about a $1.5 billion opportunity that's ahead of us on international F-16s, F-18's going to grow, the F-35's going to grow, and again, I think we're on the frontend of a nice growth trajectory on the Space Classified business. So, Sheila, really as I look at the business and I see even things that have been headwinds turn to tailwinds like environmental, really across the franchise I see really good growth prospects. Some of it's driven by – and a lot of it driven by where the budgets are growing. But I think a lot of it's driven by how well we've positioned our portfolio and the differentiators we have in our products and our solutions.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you, Bill. And then just one more. You mentioned software as a potential opportunity for yourselves and the defense primes. I guess how do we think about software evolving as a contributor to the top-line over time and where are those opportunities?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's going to be – today, it's more than 40% of the work content we do in engineering. So, it really is today part of the top line. Five years ago, it would've been half that or 25% of our engineering content. As we go forward, it's going to be more than 40%, it can grow to 50%, 55%, 60%. I think where it's going to contribute to the top-line, Sheila, is how good we are at ingesting and maturing DevOps within this company so that we become strategically better than other players in the space, so we can develop software faster with lower defect rates, with better capability. And I think the more we can do that, that is where I think it's going to contribute mostly to the top-line as I see that. To me over the next four or five years, I think it's going to be fundamental to how we and probably other players in the space develop products. A lot of it's going to turn on software and I think the best people in this space are the ones that are going to win.
Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You mentioned that Space driving the higher CapEx, and I wonder if you could talk about, if you can at all, what's underlying that. And then just the – that's an area of the budget where we've seen a lot of additional resources, and maybe how you're seeing that play out in terms of what contracts are coming up so far, what areas are most exciting for you guys. And then maybe to bring it back around to the CapEx, when we look out to fiscal 2020 and beyond where you see CapEx overall for the company kind of shaking out.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, yeah, I mean, look, on the Space side, it's very exciting, a lot of stuff that's happening. We talked the last quarter about a $0.5 billion exquisite win that we have to a prime on a mission are that we've had some experience on. It's going to deliver over the next five, six years. Our piece of that is probably more front-end loaded, there's some capital associated with that program. We've talked over the last year about our positioning on smallsats. We have multiple contract awards on that. That's going exceptionally well. There is some capital associated with that. And as that matures over the next 12 months or so, there's lots of other mission areas and components and capabilities that will be augmenting that smallsat mission that we're positioning ourselves on. It's all, I think, very exciting. Space superiority is a huge growth driver for the company. I talked about our growth in that area being more than 15% this past year. We see that continuing to grow, we think we're well-positioned for opportunities for – on ground control systems as well as space situational awareness. So lots of different ways we're competing on, on space superiority. And the last one is on the optics side. With Exelis, we acquired a great capability up in our Rochester facility for optics and there is a recap of a lot of different capabilities in Space, some are RF related and some are optics related. And those recapitalizations sometimes requires some additional capital investment. So that all goes together in some of the things we're spending our growth capital on in 2019. As Rahul mentioned, we're up to about $170 million in 2019. We'll see that mitigate itself a little bit going into fiscal 2020, probably down around $15 million or $20 million as we get through a lot of this sort of one-time growth capital we see in 2019.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then just maybe as a quick follow-up, Rahul, as we go through the year, anything we should be aware of in terms of the cadence of the sales or the earnings this year?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Our sales are typically a little bit backend loaded as you – and that's kind of – it's a 48%/52% split traditionally for us. DoD, Tactical, as I mentioned earlier, is a little bit backend loaded, the SOCOM and the Army handhelds are – they basically don't start till tail-end of Q2. So, December-ish is when they start and then a ramp in the second half of the year. And then Manpack kind of starts Q2 our time. So, a little bit more backend loaded than typical. But so other than that, ES and Space should be fairly typical.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We should see the orders that Rahul is referencing on SOCOM handheld and Army handheld more in the front end of the year and with the execution delivery, the revenue, towards the backend in Q2 into the back half.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Josh.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Bill, you just mentioned the hiring of a new design team, the new CTO, consolidating ERPs, changing some of the way you approach development. What kind of benchmarking have you done for that? And then what's the timeline on some of those efforts and maybe where we would see the impact first?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I think broadly over the last five or six years, as I started to reshape this OpEx program we have at Harris, I've been talking about what I consider to be a good OpEx program is a program that delivers 2% to 3% net of cost, so 2% to 3% savings, net of what's given back to the government, net of inflation dropping to the bottom line. And we've been running towards the high end of that 2.5% to 3% range really over the last five or six years, and I expect that to continue and maybe even go above that over the next several years. What's driving it is changing over time. Of course supply chain is important and there's some engineering productivities, the labor productivity in our factories, but even through Exelis integration, we continue to see on top of the savings from the Exelis integration opportunities to just get better every day at what we do, and that's going to be continuation. So that was from my experience at UTC and what I see other companies doing. So, I think that is generally pretty good. In terms of benchmarking on ERP systems, it's hard to say, but I can tell you 20 systems today is too many, and three is about the right number. We've got a government business, we've got a commercial business, and one is – it's pretty fairly unique, which is why we're at three. But really what we're doing is, we're bringing people into the company in senior roles either an IT or technology or other places that have experience outside of Harris to really look at what we do and bring best practices from their experiences here, and that is what's giving us some shining the light on some new opportunities that really are in front of us. And as I said, as I look into the future, I see as much opportunity ahead of us as I've seen we captured in the recent past. So, I think the ground is pretty fertile on continuing to get better, drive efficiency and productivity really across our business in the next couple of years.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then just with the new medium target – medium-term targets, can you update us on the Rochester facility utilization, and maybe where you see that utilization going over the next two to three years? I know you just mentioned in the previous question some opportunities in optics, does that change the paradigm at all?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It doesn't, no, I mean in fact in our Rochester Tact, we've got multiple facilities up in Rochester and on the tactical side, we've been running in the low 60% – 60% utilization. You know there're plenty of opportunity to grow in that Rochester facility without any additional capital, it's about six years old. But even there as we go to multiple shifts there's opportunities to do something different with some of the components we make there. So, I see no capacity limitations on the rise in, in our Rochester Tactical facility. And for that matter really in any other facilities we do a lot of optics work at some other things up in Rochester. And I don't see any limitation there. I think the spike we're seeing this year on capital is really on specific programs and program capital not on basically not on infrastructure capital.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good afternoon. Good morning, sorry.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I'm going to Slide 13 and the medium-term guidance Bill, it may sound a bit pedantic, but your commentary said you expect the revenue growth rate to accelerate up to high-single digit. Well, you kind of going to get there in 2019, if everything goes to plan. So, do you see the potential to go faster than what you're guiding to in 2019? And then in relation to that how sustainable do you think this sort of growth rate is, is it sort of a one or two years and it slows, or do you see this as being a sort of three year, four year, five year affair?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first, on that slide, the Electronic Systems and Space and Intel, there is an acceleration from what we see in fiscal 2019 or in fiscal 2018. So there's some acceleration there. We see CS and Communications to continue to be at a high-single digit range. Frankly, I think as I look back on 2018 and where we started our guidance on 2018 – keep in mind we started, I believe it was 15% or mid-teens on DoD Tactical. Then we went up to 20% or low-20s% and we ended at 35%. So, I'm not so sure, I'm really sort of calling it accurately. I think we're being more conservative than aggressive in our assumptions and hopefully with the same place today in 2019, and hopefully beyond there as well. As we see opportunities placed – put on order a lot faster than we saw over the last couple of years, and this is a pretty remarkable phenomenon. Orders are being placed, dollars are being obligated at a much faster rate not just in DoD but also in the intelligence community, certainly from where we were a year or two ago. And that's been a very positive surprise. And like I said the NDAA getting approved out of the House and maybe even getting approved by the President before we even hit September is pretty unique. And I think what's happening when that – when things like that happen, it gives encouragement to people who issue procurement decisions to obligate dollars faster. Their confidence goes up. So, I continue to see opportunities in 2019 and beyond. So, what's medium-term, medium term to us is three to four years. As I look at it and we look at our positioning, the amount of unused dollars that are not yet committed, where the budgets are growing and what we see in the budget that we can actually see over the next five years, there's a lot of opportunity to continue really robust growth across Harris, going out in that three-year, four-year, five-year period, Rob.
Robert A. Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's great. Thanks for it, Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. You bet.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call this morning, and please do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Harris Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Discussions today will include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris SEC filings. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported strong third quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.67, up 21% on 5% revenue growth. Revenue was up in all segments and operating margin expanded 30 basis points to 19.3%. These results extend our strong year-to-date performance with non-GAAP earnings per share over the first three quarters up 17% on 4% revenue growth and 10% higher free cash flow. The highlight again this quarter and for the year is our strong order momentum, up 27% in the quarter for our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit orders growth. Book-to-bill was 1.2 for the quarter and the year, with total company backlog increasing 22% over last year. So, let me start by providing some color on top line growth drivers across the segments noted on slide 4. Communication Systems' revenue grew 4% in the quarter, driven by strong growth in DoD Tactical Communications and Night Vision. DoD Tactical delivered another solid quarter with revenue up 48% as a focus on readiness continue to drive growth across our services, especially the Air Force and the Army, as they upgrade their legacy communication equipment to software-defined radios. The sustained readiness demand has driven a year-to-date increase in DoD orders of 62% and revenue growth of 32%, and we now expect DoD revenue to be up about 30% versus prior expectation of low 20% growth and up from mid-teens when we started the year. International Tactical revenue was down 12% as expected on a tough year-over-year compare, as Q3 2017 included a record $150 million of Eastern European revenue. The decline in Eastern Europe was partially offset by continued momentum in the Middle East and Africa, driven by ongoing counterterrorism support and by the ramp of these Australian modernization program in the Asia Pacific region. Strong orders growth of 15% for the quarter and 36% year-to-date has nearly doubled International backlog, providing more visibility going into the fourth quarter and next year. For the year, we still expect International will be flat to slightly down. As we've been communicating, our tactical strategy is to win all DoD ground radio programs, leverage platform investments to maintain International leadership and expand our adjustable market into network systems, ISR and airborne. And we continue to execute well against this strategy with several wins and accomplishments this quarter. On DoD ground radios, Army and SOCOM modernization programs continue to make solid progress. In the omnibus bill, the HMS program is well funded at $415 million in GFY 2018, more than 50% higher than the prior year and up an additional $60 million over the original GFY 2018 President's budget request. We delivered additional HMS Manpack test radios in the third quarter and, earlier this week, we received an LRIP delivery order from the Army to proceed with the next production phase for the Manpack radio, clearly demonstrating the Army's commitment to the program. On the Army two-channel handheld radio, we expect to deliver the first batch of test radios soon with an award anticipated sometime this summer. For the SOCOM two-channel handheld, we delivered initial test radios during the quarter and will ramp production in the fourth quarter, accelerating in fiscal 2019. Continuing our effort to expand into broader network systems, we recorded another win in Asia when we leveraged our radio incumbency position and were selected as the prime systems integrator to modernize and upgrade the military communications network. This builds on prior successes in Australia, UAE and other Middle Eastern and Central Asian countries as we continue to expand our aperture and increase customer stickiness. And then finally, just a few days ago, we were awarded a five-year $130 million sole-source IDIQ by the Air Force to develop and produce a handheld video data link device to provide airborne collected ISR information to forces on the ground, opening a new market opportunity for us. This strategic win against the incumbent helps us increase our share of wallet of ground devices and positions us well to grow in the airborne ISR segment going forward. Overall, for the first three quarters, Tactical revenue increased 7% with a book-to-bill of 1.4, resulting in a 74% year-over-year backlog increase to $880 million. This growth in Tactical, coupled with another strong quarter of double-digit growth in Night Vision, has enabled us to raise Communication Systems revenue guidance to an increase of 7% to 7.5% for the year versus the prior guidance of 5% to 7% and 3% to 5% when we started the year. In Electronic Systems, revenue growth accelerated to 10% for the quarter with growth across all ES businesses, as the first half ADS-B headwind subsided. This strong growth was driven by long-term platforms like the F-35, the F/A-18 and F-16, which collectively grew more than 25% as we leveraged technology upgrades, ramped production and expanded our International footprint. In Avionics, we continue to generate double-digit growth in weapons release systems, even excluding F-35 growth, with new content awards and increased production of both domestic and International platforms. Segment order growth accelerated in the quarter to 56% for a book-to-bill of 1.4 and orders are now up 32% on a year-to-date basis. We booked more than $300 million in orders across F-35, F/A-18 and F-16 platforms, including a $184 million contract supplying electronic jammers to protect U.S. Navy, Australian and Kuwaiti F/A-18 aircraft against electronic threats. Orders across the three platforms, F-35, F/A-18, F-16, have more than doubled this year to over $900 million and are on track to hit $1 billion for the year. Overall for ES, solid third quarter results have mitigated the first half ADS-B impact with year-to-date revenue now up 4% and a book-to-bill of 1.3, resulting in a backlog increase of 21%. This combined with an $18 billion opportunity pipeline and $4 billion in proposals outstanding gives us confidence that revenue will grow 4.5% to 5% this year and that the growth will accelerate in the medium-term. In Space and Intelligence Systems, revenue was up 1% as Classified programs continue to grow mid-single digits from the ramp up of smallsat, ground-based adjacency and space surveillance programs, offset by expected headwinds on environmental programs. Order momentum also remained strong in the Classified area with additional customer funding for long-standing programs and new adjacencies. In addition, we were awarded an approximately $500 million multi-year contract to provide payloads for an exquisite classified space system, reflecting continued success in leveraging technology to not only expand as a full mission solution partner in smallsats, but also to strengthen our position as a partner of choice on large exquisite platforms. I'm also pleased to note a few accomplishments that strengthen our competitive position on important missions. In the environmental solutions business, the launch of NOAA's GOES-S satellite in early March included our second Advanced Baseline Imager, or ABI, which improves fire detection and severe weather forecasting. This follows a successful launch of GOES-R in November of 2016, which has provided unprecedented imagery of recent hurricanes with four times the resolution and five times the download speed, providing forecasters with 30-second updates of the entire Western Hemisphere. Harris ABIs are also on the last two of NOAA's latest generation of geostationary weather satellites, GOES-T and GOES-U, with the entire Constellation controlled by Harris' enterprise ground system. We continued to execute well on GPS with a proven and reliable production cadence that included delivering a fifth GPS III navigation payload in early March, 26 days ahead of schedule. Strong execution along with a developed and fully tested 100% digital mission data unit positions us well for the upcoming GPS III 11 Plus award. Year-to-date, Space and Intel revenue was up 1% and orders were up 6%, resulting in a book-to-bill of greater than 1. Our pipeline has grown by 14% to $13 billion over the past year and with the recent success of expanding into new adjacencies, we're confident this business can be a growth driver in the medium-term. In summary, with our strong year-to-date performance, continued order momentum and an improved outlook on the back of a favorable GFY 2018 budget resolution, we're tightening our fiscal 2018 guidance and now expect revenue to be up approximately 4% from the previous guidance of 3% to 4%. This growth, combined with our strong operating performance, gives us confidence to tighten our EPS guidance to $6.45 to $6.50 at the high end of the previous range and increase free cash flow to a range of $900 million to $925 million. And with that, let me turn it over to Rahul.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Starting with total company results on slide 5. As a reminder, (11:57) today are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude one-time adjustments. Revenue was up 5% in the third quarter, with growth across all three segments. Operating income was up 7% on higher volume and operational efficiencies, resulting in margin expansion of 30 basis points to 19.3%. EPS grew 21% and was up 12%, excluding the benefit of tax reform. Adjusted free cash flow was $121 million as higher revenues and order momentum in the backend of the quarter resulted in $120 million increase of receivables and inventory, which will unwind in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date revenue was up 4% and operating income was up 3% despite a $36 million unfavorable impact from the ADS-B program transition in the first half of the year. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow was $451 million, a 10% increase over the prior year as we enter our strongest cash generation quarter. We have returned a total of about $400 million to shareholders, including approximately $200 million in share repurchases. In addition, we prefunded the pension by $300 million in the third quarter. On a last 12-month basis, adjusted free cash flow was about $900 million. Turning to the third quarter EPS bridge on slide 6, EPS grew by 21% or $0.29. Of this, $0.11 of EPS growth came from higher volume in Tactical radios, Avionics and Classified space, solid program execution and higher pension income. This was partially offset by lower environmental volume and increased R&D investment. Lower share count and reduced interest expense contributed $0.06. Lastly, a lower tax rate, including a benefit from tax reform, added $0.12 to EPS growth. Segment details on slide 7. Communication Systems third quarter revenue was $481 million, up 4% versus the prior year. In addition to strong growth in DoD Tactical, Night Vision revenue was also up double digits, as the business continued to improve execution and increase its share of wallet with the Army. Operating income for the segment was up 5% to $147 million and operating margin expanded 20 basis points to 30.6% on higher volume. Orders grew for the seventh straight quarter, up 20% with a book-to-bill of 1.1. In addition to strong bookings in Tactical, PSPC orders grew 28% on increased demand for legacy system upgrades from state and local agencies. Night Vision orders grew 10% with continued momentum from the U.S. Army and we received a $30 million award to support increased logistics readiness. Year-to-date segment revenue increased 6% and operating income was up 8%. Operating margin of 29.6% was up 50 basis points versus the prior year. Year-to-date segment orders have increased 36% with a book-to-bill of 1.3 and it's greater than 1 in all three businesses in the segment, Tactical, PSPC and Night Vision. We continue to include historical information for Tactical orders, revenue and backlog as supplemental information at the end of this presentation. On slide 8, Electronic Systems' revenue was $609 million, up 10% for the quarter. In addition to the growth in Avionics and Electronic Warfare that Bill mentioned, we saw solid revenue increase from the ramp of UK robotics and UAE battle management programs. Segment operating income declined $3 million (16:11) was more than offset by increased R&D investment and program revenue mix. Year-to-date segment revenue was up 4% and operating margin was down to 18.6% as operational efficiencies partially offset the negative impact of the ADS-B program, R&D investment and program revenue mix. On slide 9, in Space and Intelligence Systems, segment revenue was up 1% and operating income was up 8% as margins expanded 100 basis points from strong program execution and higher pension income. Year-to-date segment revenue was up 1% with continued growth in Classified programs, offset by a decline in environmental revenues. Operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 17.7%. Moving to slide 10 for full year guidance, as Bill indicated, given a strong year-to-date performance, we now expect revenue to be up about 4% for the year, reflecting strength in DoD Tactical and Avionics. We're tightening the EPS guidance at the high end of the range to $6.45 to $6.50 from drop through on higher volume. Tax rate guidance is now 22.5% from 23% previously. The $0.04 benefit from lower tax rate will be offset by higher than expected share dilution and an increase in interest expense from the additional debt raised or pension prefunding. In Communication Systems, we are increasing the revenue guidance to be up 7% to 7.5% versus up 5% to 7% previously from improved DoD Tactical outlook and Night Vision readiness demand. In Electronic Systems, we are narrowing revenue guidance to the higher end of the range to be now up 4.5% to 5% versus up 4% to 5% previously as strong orders in Avionics convert to revenue. In Space and Intelligence, we are narrowing the revenue guidance to be up approximately 0.5% versus flat to up 1% previously. For each segment, margins are still expected to be around the midpoint of the guidance ranges, at about 30% in Communication Systems, 18.5% in Electronic Systems and 17.5% in Space and Intelligence. We are increasing the adjusted free cash flow guidance from approximately $900 million to a range of $900 million to $925 million due to higher earnings. And with that, I would like to turn it back to Bill for closing remarks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, thanks, Rahul. We are now in the final innings of fiscal 2018 and we feel good about our year-to-date results and our expectations for the balance of the year. The passage of the GFY 2018 Omnibus Bill and the trend line in the President's Budget in 2019 and beyond are real positives for Harris and the programs we support, especially in strategic growth areas where we have invested in R&D over the past several years and our strong customer positions. Tactical radio budget have increased by an additional $1 billion over the next five years compared with where they were this time last year. F-35 and F/A-18 aircraft quantities have been increased, Classified space and other IC budgets are trending up and F/A programs are well-funded. Overall, our bid and proposal activity remains high, our win rates are solid and our order rates – our orders and backlog continue to grow, setting us up for accelerating growth in 2019 and in the medium-term as we execute against our strategic priorities and deliver shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Bill, maybe if you could talk a little bit about I think overall the boost in the budget was much higher than expected and a lot of it comes in areas that should be attractive for Harris. And so, when you think about the framework for growth, kind of the multi-year framework that you guys outlined, is it possible at this time to think about how much acceleration there might be relative to that framework?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, Seth, thanks for the question. For us and for everybody in the space, the budget was very positive as I mentioned in my remarks. Tactical radio is pretty good. We see additional aircraft quantities and we're very encouraged about the trend line on the intelligence budgets, including the areas that we've been able to stake a position like in smallsats. So, we're very encouraged by that. At the beginning of the year, we set out a framework which showed mid-single-digit growth across the medium-term and while we're not providing any guidance today, I see it today being incrementally better than when we started the year. And you could see that in sort of the trend lines based on what we've seen over the course of our fiscal 2018. In CS, we started the year at 3% to 5%. We went to 5% to 7%. Now, we're in a 7% to 7.5% range. DoD Tactical, we started the beginning of the year at mid-teens. We went to 20% growth year-over-year. Now, we're about 30%. We're seeing much greater traction in the Electronic Warfare in Avionics segments. So, when I sit and look at it, it feels better incrementally than it did before, so maybe mid-single-digit-plus in 2019 and beyond. Clearly, the CS segment, we said was at the time I think mid-single digits is probably mid to high. I think Electronic Systems was mid to high and it's probably at the high end of that. And I would say also on the Space and Intel business, which we were thinking was low to mid-single-digit growth at the beginning of the year, feels closer to mid-single-digit growth principally because of getting the traction in smallsats, as well as the very significant win that we recently received on an exquisite payload. So, that all is very encouraging and I see us being a bit incrementally better in 2019 and beyond than we thought at the beginning of the year.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. That's great color. And, Rahul, if we ended the year today, what would happen to the pension income in fiscal 2019?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So, for every 25 basis points of increase in rates, it reduces our pension income by about $8 million to $10 million. And the 10-year is up about 50 basis points since we set the rates in June. So, there is some headwind from increase in rates. However, we did make a voluntary contribution of $300 million to our pension fund that will generate 7.75% rate of return and it should also reduce our PBGC premiums. So, while the increase in rates will be a headwind, we should be able to manage through that and the benefits of incremental contributions will more than offset it. But it will all depend on where the rates are as of June 30, but we don't see any year-over-year change in our pension income at this point.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Bill, the Army has been restructuring its network and I'm wondering if you can talk about on a forward basis, I'm talking beyond the existing business, the radios and so forth, but what interactions Harris is taking with the Network Cross-Functional Team at the Army? What kind of IRAD investments are you making?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's a good question, Rob. We're very tightly partnered with the Army and have been for quite some time. As you know, they're forming this Futures Command. There's fixed investment modernization priorities, or eight CFTs, or cross-functional teams, one of which is on the Army network. We're very closely linked to them. They've been to our facilities. We have detailed conversations with them and they help us think through how we can invest our IRAD spend both on radio but probably more importantly on next-generation waveforms that are low probability of intercept, low probability of detection, anti-jam waveforms that can operate effectively in contested environment. So, we're very tightly linked with them. As you know, they've decided to separate the decisions around the upper Tactical network, which is around WIN-T – we've got a radio and a waveform that's positioned there – from the lower Tactical, which is around the radios. And I'm very pleased to see them moving forward and placing orders for the Manpack. They're moving forward on the handheld. I think this is all very, very encouraging. So, long way of saying we're very tightly connected and I think we continue to adjust and adapt our strategy and our investments, given where the Army happens to be moving.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Do you see the competitive environment changing here? Are any of your competitors withdrawing perhaps, giving you essentially an opportunity for a larger share of everything?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it is shifting around. I mean, through the JTRS program, we had one of our large competitors in the space dropped out. One of their partners has a particular role on a program. There's another that's a competitor on the low end radio or the handheld radio. We're sole source on a SOCOM opportunity. There's different players that are evolving and developing unique waveforms that are getting some traction in certain parts of the DoD community. So, yeah, it's shifting around, but I feel really good about our competitive position. We've been able to sustain high share in this area and high margins in this area. Despite these shifts that are occurring across the services between DoD and International with some new competitors in, older competitors out, I think we continue to kind of keep the course and invest heavily and I think we'll end up continuing to be successful in this area.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then just – this is a little bit based on Seth's question a moment ago, high level question. But given the budget environment and the fact that we've got a pretty clear look at the – given 2018 and the 2019 budget, how do you think about industry growth for defense for the next, call it, three years? Is there an average kind of top line growth number we could think about?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I really don't think about what the average industry growth is because everybody individually is going to be affected in a different way. Harris, even within Harris, we've got some shorter cycle and some longer cycle businesses. But I think overall, it's going to be positive. The budget trends are clearly up, at least for the next several years. It all depends on how fast the appropriations get flowed down into contracts and awarded to companies and how fast they can execute on it. So, there's lots of dimensions here that are going to drive top line growth, including making sure that all the things you need to provide to satisfy that contract, the supply chain, your own asset structure, your own employment, all needs to adapt to a much better budget environment. But, I think overall, it's clearly a positive sign and most companies, including Harris, would be up in the mid-single-digit-plus range 2019 and beyond.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Strauss with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Bill, wanted to ask you about CS margins. You had a little bit of year-over-year improvement, nice sequential improvement. It looks like in Q4, despite forecasting higher revenues year-over-year, you're guiding to down margin. Just if you could walk through the different moving pieces there and how it might set up for margins in 2019 on the growth that you're talking about?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So, David, this is Rahul. So, the margins for CS, we've – it's been really good year-to-date. Last year, we were at 29.1% through the first three quarters. This year, we are at 29.6%, so up 50 basis points, and so really strong growth year-to-date. And there is typically a step up in the fourth quarter on the margin side in Communication Systems. And we – last year – this year, the same thing we are expecting a slight step up from where we are year-to-date and that's going to come from increased volume and some mix shift of products. So, we feel good about the approximately 30% that we've kind of guided to this year. Now, going forward, there are a few things that will drive CS margins. But, overall, we feel that we can stay around the 30% range. There should be benefit from higher volume and as that drops through the factory, but the modernization products are coming with slightly lower margin and there is – all the system wins that we're getting, we also typically come in at less than the product gross margins. So, you put that all together and we feel that 30% is a sustainable rate for this segment.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And any update on where you are in terms of the capacity utilization in Rochester?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Sure. Our capacity utilization is around 60% in the factory right now.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And, Rahul, a follow-up on working capital. So, you've had some working capital growth this year, but below the level of your sales growth. How are you thinking about working capital from here, either as a percentage of sales or days working capital? Where do you think that can get to?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah. So, we've done well with working capital, David. I mean, when we bought Exelis, Harris was around mid-40s. Exelis was well north of 80% or whatever – sorry, 80 days. And so combined, we were probably in the 60ish range – 60 days range. So, last year we ended at about 43 days and that was six days lower than where we ended fiscal 2016. So, we've shown sequentially better working capital improvement. And this year, we're targeting about a two-day improvement in working capital. So, we think we'll end at around 41 days. The opportunity for us going forward is around two areas. One, advance payments. Our advance payments are typically much lower than industry average. So, we see there's an opportunity to improve that and reducing our inventory. We've done well so far, but there are incremental opportunities. So, it's not going to be – we're not going to see another six-day reduction, but there is an opportunity to bring that down under a couple of days over the next two to three years. So, we'll keep making progress on working capital.
David Strauss - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Bill, should it be in my scenario analysis, not my base case, but in my range of potential outcomes of what is spinning out of my model that total company organic revenue growth next year is 10%?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: That's certainly not what we're guiding to today. We're not providing guidance to 2019. But, again, it all comes down to how fast the budget plus-ups that we've seen and the higher budget in 2018 flows onto contract vehicles. We have seen very fortunately the Army move a little bit faster than we had expected on the HMS Manpack. Receiving the delivery order this week was a good positive. I think they were indicating previously it would be perhaps mid-summer. So, they're moving faster on that. That will deliver in 2019. That's a good sign. But, I think it all comes down to how fast money can flow into contract vehicles and then how fast we can execute on that. So, there's a scenario out there that gets you higher than we are at today at mid-single-digit-plus in next year. But, we'll tell you more about that once we close our fourth quarter at the end of June and provide some guidance in late July or early August.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. With ES being up 10% organically in the quarter, but you're simultaneously spending some incremental R&D there, making some new investments there, is there a correlation between that growth rate and the investments or is the growth rate today from business already secured and the investments you are making now are hoping to win you more new business beyond today?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I mean, they don't correlate on a day-to-day or month-to-month basis. But clearly, the investments we've made over the last few years in a couple of areas, certainly, in Electronic Warfare, we've talked about that to quite some extent, is really paying a lot of dividends as well as investments in a variety of technologies in the Avionics side, especially in open mission systems, and that's paying some dividends. We're sort of starting to see that flow through in the order raised and the revenue in Avionics and Electronic Warfare and I would expect as we continue to invest that we've stepped up very recently again, even from where we were before in investments in these areas and I think that will help us in 2019 and beyond. There's also some new franchise we are investing in that includes robotics. We've seen some – a very important win. That contract in UK is executing and we see a lot of opportunities to grow from that. So, there is a correlation between the step up in the investments we've made over the last few years in IRAD and the growth rates today, but I'd say what we're spending on today is going to help us in 2019 and beyond.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, just one more on the International piece of Tactical radio in Comm Systems. Your tone maybe sounded a little more positive there speaking to what the backlogs are. And I know, you talked about that being flat to down this year and then, I think maybe refresh my memory, but I think, you've kind of said maybe flat to maybe even down slightly again next year just because you had the European recap that takes more than a year to normalize. But, are you now thinking International can grow in 2019 or what's the latest view there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I mean, again, we haven't given any guidance in 2019, but there are certain things that we're looking at that would indicate that the International business can grow modestly in 2019. Right now, in fiscal 2018, we are still guiding to flat to maybe down slightly. That implies a growth quarter in Q4. What we have seen this year different than last year and the prior years is less lumpiness. It's more level loaded and even loaded across the quarters, which is good. We always see Q4 being a bit stronger than the others, but a little more even loaded. Our pipeline, despite the good order rate that we've seen so far this year, our pipeline remains very robust at about $2.3 billion. It's about the same as has been every quarter over the last year practically. So, even though the orders are coming up, the pipeline is replenishing itself relatively quickly and we feel good about the position that we happen to have. So, I think we'll deliver Q4 and as we get into 2019, we'll give you a little bit more guidance on that. But, I don't see a step down in fiscal 2019 International. If anything, it will be probably slightly up.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, thanks, guys. I was wondering if you could expand on David's question about margin just in a growth environment you're talking about some potential acceleration in each segment. How do you think about mix, R&D spending investments in each segment going forward? We understand that CS stays around 30%, but how about the other two?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I think, we're looking at margins being about flat in the next year or so in each of the segments, so CS around 30% and the others about where we happen to be guiding to in fiscal 2018. But, as I – my comments on mid-single-digit growth plus over the near-term, clearly, CS and ES are going to be growing a little bit faster than the Space and Intelligence business. So, the businesses with slightly higher margins and higher margins certainly in the CS side will grow faster, so there's a company level going into 2019 and beyond just because of the mix across the franchise, across the company, we could see some margin growth at Harris overall in 2019 and beyond.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Understood. And do you care to update us on just thinking about multi-year free cash flow targets in terms of dollars in light of again better budgets or some of the working capital opportunities you've highlighted?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So, our guidance this year, the revised guidance is about $900 million to $925 million. So, to get on these kind of – we see a path to get to $1 billion next year and that's $85 million to $90 million, several puts and takes. About tax reform, it's probably half of that growth. So, we got – since we are a fiscal year company, kind of June fiscal year, we got half of benefit of tax reform this year, the remaining benefit is coming next year. So, there is a tax reform benefit next year. And then, we have about $15 million to $20 million of cash outflow from Exelis integration in fiscal 2018. That should wind down by 2019 and there will be incremental benefit from increased earnings. So, there is a clear line of sight to getting to $1 billion by 2019. And then, beyond that where cash flow should grow with earnings, there is – we do see opportunities on working capital improvement and we'll deal with that when we get there in terms of how that all mix changes between revenue growth and working capital. But, we see line of sight to $1 billion next year and then grow through the earnings beyond that.
Jon Raviv - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Rahul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I was hoping you could expand upon your comments on the pipeline. You mentioned the $2.3 billion in the foreign side Tactical RF. What are the big opportunities, if you could maybe give us an update on Australia? Is it still $60 million of revenue this year, ramping next year and the year after? Maybe just give us some perspective on big campaigns that are underway by region or by country?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, I mean, I'll start on that and maybe Rahul can jump in. Yeah, so the International Tactical pipeline is around $2.3 billion and again it's about where it's been over the last number of quarters and I think it's good news that despite the orders, it's holding relatively stable. About 55% of that is in Middle East and Africa and that's a little higher than it was last quarter. So, we continue to see opportunities flowing into the pipeline in the Middle East as we've talked about Iraq in the past. Iraq is a very big important opportunity. It's well funded. There's lots of opportunities for us to grow in Iraq. We see opportunities in Kuwait, some opportunities evolving in Saudi Arabia, in the UAE especially as we continue to execute well on the Emirates Land Tactical System, the network system that we're installing there which is going to be going through an IOC very, very soon, hitting a key milestone. So, we see good opportunities continuing in the Middle East. Europe is about 20%, more or less, of the pipeline. Again, we continue to see opportunities in the Ukraine that looks fairly, fairly good as well as other NATO countries. And we're starting to see more opportunities in Western Europe evolve in Europe as well. In Asia, that's about 10% of the pipeline. So, Australia is a key part of what we're executing there. That $260 million systems opportunity is going well. It's about that revenue opportunity in fiscal 2018. It will grow in 2019 and 2020 as we continue to work and complete that program. It's going well so far with the front end, but going well. But there's a lot of follow-on opportunities in Australia as we execute well on that particular program. So, I'm very encouraged about what's happening in the Asia Pacific region. And importantly as we develop more and more credibility around installing network systems, which is a much bigger market for us, and I went through a couple of the examples of what we've done in the past and what we're working on today, including another opportunity in a Southeast Asian country that was just awarded to us in terms of a systems modernization that builds on a legacy installed base. So, those are the major opportunities. Central Latin America is about 10% of the pipeline. It depends on what we see happening in Colombia and Mexico. Last year was a very good year for Mexico. This year is a bit softer. But we do expect to continue to see recapitalizations there. And then Central Asia, which is Afghanistan, Pakistan, is a small piece of the pipeline, very small piece of our revenue this year. It could start to grow over time. I'm not looking at that being a growth market for us in fiscal 2019. So, maybe that's a little bit of color on the International side.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah. That's very helpful. And could you give us an update on the DoD Tactical? Last time, I think the pipeline was about $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. Is it the same and...
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, it's about the same, Gautam. It's about $1.5 billion with just over $1 billion in what we call base. So, that would be readiness and resets. HF radios will be in the base and there's some opportunities on HF. And then the balance would be modernization. So, that's the HMS program, SOCOM, some opportunities for the radio for the WIN-T system. That's a bit higher than where it was last quarter, as you'd expect. As we march off in time, more and more of the modernization opportunities will come into the pipeline, certainly that's indicated in the budget as well. So, again, about $1.5 billion for DoD and consistent with where we've been.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And, Bill, you've done a admirable job since you've become CEO. Company is in a much better position, cycle's helping, et cetera. I was just curious, your cash redeployment historically has been for share repurchase and debt repayment. When you think about the next five years, is M&A going to be a bigger part of the story or how do you think about where you want to take the portfolio over time?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Look, I think our portfolio is in really, really good shape and you can see it through the solid execution over the last number of quarters. We've got very strong businesses, very strong franchises, good share. We invested very aggressively in IRAD over the last five years. Even in a difficult sequestered market, we invested in IRAD. And a lot of the things that we're talking about today as great opportunities and how well positioned come from a lot of those strategic investments. When the market was really soft, we executed on the Exelis transaction. We integrated very, very well, and I think it's positioned us, helped us reshape the portfolio as well. So, sitting here today, we're going to generate a lot of cash in the next couple of years, sort of north of $2 billion of cash in the next few years, less than $1 billion of that will be for dividends and a little bit of debt next year. So, it leaves a lot of capacity for either M&A or to buy back our stock as we continue to see value in our stock both this quarter as well as going into next year. We think there's value remains in Harris stock. So, we're going to be thinking hard about this. We think that there is opportunity to continue to do M&A. That will happen over time. I think that's going to be a key part of our long-term strategy. But, I don't see us diverting from the core business franchise that we're in today, Gautam. I see us continue to bolster the business that we're in today, which again, are performing exceptionally well.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks a lot. Good luck, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Melius Research. Please proceed with your question.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: Bill, I wondered if you could expand a little bit on the commentary around the expansion in the opportunity pipeline and the adjacencies you highlighted, just maybe some insight into the color on that expansion and what opportunities it might have both on the R&D front or the M&A front or the CapEx front to go capture some of that. Just an understanding of what the next leg might be in terms of how you expand what you've already done.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I mean, as I see this, there's adjacency opportunities really across the businesses and I spoke a little bit about it in the Tactical side, as we move from a large player with high share in the ground Tactical network, ground side to continuing to grow, leveraging the platform investments we made for DoD and selling them into the International market. That's been a proven strategy. It's worked very, very well. And it's why we've got a very high share even of the International markets we play in, where they're not restricted markets. And we've laid out a very clear strategy to investors of taking that solid base and opening up the addressable market, so going more into network systems. So, where we have the radio packaging systems around that to make it easier to use and more intelligent to the end users like Australia, like we've done in the UAE and other places as well as get a systems opportunity in markets where maybe we don't have the incumbent radio position and use that as a way to go in and pull the radio that – maybe with another competitor into Harris. So, that's been a clear direction that we've been on as well as take our great position on ground radios into the airborne side and clearly the ARC-201 product from Exelis allows it to go into that particular market as well as airborne ISR. And again, this is a very important win that we just received in the last week, this $130 million IDIQ. I think it is testament to the capabilities that we have across these different domain. And, Carter, these are areas that we've been investing in IRAD in over the last couple of years. So, I don't see a big step up from here to go and penetrate these domains. I see it a continuation of the investments we have been making. The other thing we've talked quite a bit about is some of the adjacencies that we're attacking in the intelligence community. We've talked about moving over time from being a component supplier to supplying subsystems to now supplying complete end-to-end mission solutions, like we've done on smallsat. That has been a significant investment on our part. Our IRAD investment in our Space and Intelligence business has crept up over time and it really is going after those kinds of opportunities. You're winning this $0.5 billion exquisite system that we just won in the last couple of weeks, which really shows the power of the model we have in our Space and Intelligence business to both go after new end-to-end mission solutions as a prime, but also be the partner of choice for components and subsystems for large exquisite systems. So, I think this balance is working very, very well for us, and as I see going forward, I see our IRAD in the same range we're in today as a percentage of revenue, could take up a little bit, but not materially.
Carter Copeland - Melius Research LLC: That's great color. Thank you, sir.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Carter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed with your question.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: So, let me start with the F-35, just we seem to be reading more and more about cost pressures on suppliers for the F-35. Just wondering if that's impacting you guys at all yet, and/or do you still see an opportunity to expand your content there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, both actually. I think we are a pretty significant player on the F-35. I think we're in the top 15. We have about $2.2 million worth of content per ship set on F-35 and we see that growing perhaps over time with some of the recent wins and a few things that we're working on the open mission system computer. So, we do see cost pressure and I think we've been performing exceptionally well. Our job really is to continue to add capabilities and continue to take cost out. And when you look at the performance of the company, we're more than 99.5% on time for over 1 million components that we've delivered to date on the F-35. So, we're a very good supplier there. We've reduced cost by more than two-thirds from the first shipset on F-35. So, I think we've demonstrated capability and willingness to work hard to continue to take cost out. As the customer and our partners are moving to block buys, it'll help us continue to take cost out and as we move to open systems, there's lots of opportunities to both gain share and drive a more affordable aircraft for Lockheed and the end customers. So, it's all embedded in our numbers and it's all part of what we've been doing for the last decade or more as we've worked on F-35.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. That's great. And just last one from me. On Army radios, I think this will be characterized under (50:52) maybe, but a couple of programs I think in terms of demand for you. One, this whole creation of the Army Security Force Assistance Brigades. And then the other question MUOS back-fit and my question for both of those is really how much kind of incremental demand have those two programs driven for you? How much longer will they last? I'm just wondering kind of on the timeline, how far along we are in those two opportunities.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, Pete, both. Our readiness to manage both Army and Air Force this year and it's about $100 million, maybe just a tad above $100 million. Roughly half of that is the Army and it's outfitting two SFABs. There's two Security Forces Assistance Brigades in our fiscal 2018. Not all of the content was Harris. There was content from other players, but as was about half of that $100 million, $105 million. As we go into next year, I think the DoD has to outfit another four SFABs in the Army and then they'll decide exactly when that will be out of the mix of radio products. It's going to be legacy, it's going to be new product and all of that's being worked. But, it looks like it'll be an opportunity for us in 2019 or 2020 based on what we're hearing from the Army in terms of outfitting additional SFABs.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Great. And then the MUOS back-fit, are we done with the MUOS back-fit or more to go on that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. MUOS is going very well. In fact, as you know, we have a MUOS capability in our 117G. We've been selling that capability as software upgrades to the Marine Corps, to SOCOM, to the Air Force. It is a threshold requirement for the Army new radio. So, one of the reasons why we've had to deliver 100 test radios to the Army for this Field-based Risk Reduction that's occurring imminently, really is to validate not just other things, but including MUOS capability in the new generation of Army radios, and again, we'll clearly be able to achieve that and develop success on that this summer and that allows that fielding to happen into next year. So, for us, MUOS has been a good story both on thriving it back in the legacy radios, but also embedding into the new ones.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Pete.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just a couple of technical follow-up questions from me. First of all, your thoughts on the capital structure going forward. What's your latest on what we can expect in terms of debt repayments or refinancing over the next couple of years?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, let me start with this. I think we paid $550 million of debt in the month of April. So, that's it for fiscal 2018. We've borrowed $300 million in a floating rate note to fund the pension that we do in the year. We'll pay that in 2019. Beyond that, we don't see any further debt repayment. Any debt that's due will likely be refinanced. We'll hit down to low 2s to 2 times to 3 times leverage by the end of this year and then even lower next year and we feel very confident and comfortable with where our debt structure happens to be in our credit ratings.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, secondly on the tax, there's been a lot of stuff moving around this year. What do you expect any sort of steady run rate going forward in 2019 and beyond?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So right now, Rob, what we're thinking is around 18% for next year. Again, part of that coming from a step down in getting half of the year of tax reform and some of the other tax planning work that we've been doing and I think that 18% is kind of sustainable going forward. So, we see another step down from 22.5% this year to 18% and that we feel is kind of sustainable rate going forward.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's great. Okay, thanks so much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call this morning and please do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any additional questions. Have a great day, everyone. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Vice President, Investor Relations William Brown - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Rahul Ghai - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Jon Raviv - Citigroup Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Josh Sullivan - Seaport Global
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Harris Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris’ SEC filings. In addition, discussions today will include non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
William Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported solid second quarter results with non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.67, up 21% on 6% revenue growth, including an incremental $0.21 benefit from the recently enacted tax reform legislation. Excluding the benefit, non-GAAP earnings per share was up about 6%. Free cash flow increased 15% to $258 million, and we returned $143 million to shareholders, including $75 million in share repurchases. We continue to build on first quarter momentum to drive top line growth, with orders up 13% in the quarter and 24% in the first-half. So let me start with a little more color on growth drivers across the segments noted on Slide 4. Communication Systems revenue grew 18% in the quarter with tactical radio up 26% from strength in both DoD and International. DoD revenue increased 56%, as the focus on readiness continued to drive demand. We booked about $100 million in radio revenue in the quarter from the Air Force and the Army as part of a multi-year plan to equip their security forces as they increase their presence overseas. For the first-half, despite limited modernization activity, DoD orders nearly doubled and revenue grew 26% on the back of sustained readiness demand. Army and SOCOM tactical modernization programs continued to advance and remain well supported. We will start delivering HMS manpack test radios as the army prepares for field-based risk reduction in the spring of this year, and we expect an initial production award towards the end of our fiscal 2018. The protest on the army two channel leader radio was recently denied and we expect an order soon on the IDIQ, while we work with the army as it prepares for tests. For the SOCOM two channel handheld, we’ve delivered our first set of test radios and remain on track to complete development this quarter and begin product deliveries in the fourth quarter. Overall, all programs are moving forward and we continue to expect revenue to ramp starting in fiscal 2019. In International, revenue increased 9%, primarily from better than expected recovery in the Middle East, where revenue was up by more than 50%, driven by modernization of security forces in Iraq, delivery SINCGARS radios to Saudi Arabia, and the technology refresh for a longstanding customer in the region. In Iraq, our pipeline is over $0.5 billion, and we’re beginning to see several opportunities break free, as the country moves from grant funded counterterrorism to border security and eventually to command and control systems as they standardize across the forces and the Ministry of Interior. The solid first-half performance in the Middle East combined with strength in Africa drove international revenue up 1% for the half and book-to-bill greater than 1%, excluding Australia. Overall, for the first-half of the fiscal year, tactical revenues increased 10%, orders grew 54%, and book-to-bill was 1.6%, resulting in a backlog increase of 59% year-over-year to $884 million. More than 50% of second-half tactical revenue is covered in backlog, up 10 percentage points from this time last year, giving us comfort in achieving our increased segment guidance. In Electronic Systems, revenue increased 2% for the quarter, 6% excluding the $22 million impact of ADS-B. This was driven by strong double-digit growth in Avionics as we continue to benefit from higher volume and new content wins on F-35. The ramp up on the UK robotics program and growth in electronic warfare systems on legacy platforms, such as the F/A-18 and international F-16s. Orders momentum continues to be strong in Electronic Systems and were up 37% for the second quarter. Similar to last quarter, Avionics orders more than doubled compared with the last year, as the ramp on F-35 continues, including the award of LRIP 11 for release systems and block buy of LRIP 12-14 for antennas. For F-35, in the first-half, we received orders of $300 million, which is significantly more than what we achieved in all of fiscal 2017. In addition to F-35, we’ve seen strong first-half orders on both F-18 and F-16, receiving a combined $300 million for Avionics and electronic warfare systems. We expect the order momentum across these three platforms to continue in the second-half. Overall, for ES, first-half orders grew 21%, book-to-bill was 1.3% and backlog increased 10% over the prior year. In Space and Intelligence Systems, revenue was down 1% in the quarter as growth in classified programs and commercial reflectors was offset by expected headwinds on environmental programs. Orders continued to be strong in the classified arena, with additional funding received for a small sat program and a multimillion dollar award for advanced ground processing. And I’m pleased to note that our strong focus on program execution and operational excellence is strengthening our competitive position on key strategic programs. On GPS, we’re executing well and we’ve established a proven and reliable production cadence delivering our fourth GPS III navigation payload in October and tracking well to deliver the fifth payload by the end of March. We’ve also developed and tested a fully digital Mission Data Unit, which puts us in a strong position to compete for the upcoming GPS III 11+ award and maintain our incumbency. Similarly, on the SENSOR program, the large ground radar sustainment effort for the Air force, we continue to improve on-time performance, which is more than doubled since we acquired Exelis, resulting in improved customer satisfaction and positioning us well for follow-on opportunities. For Space and Intel, first-half revenue was up 1%, orders grew by 9%, and book-to-bill was greater than 1. Solid second quarter results for the company capped an encouraging first-half performance with revenue up 3% and growth across all three segments; order growth of 24%, book-to-bill of 1.3%, and a backlog increase of 15% compared to the prior year. This combined with nearly 80% of back-half revenues and backlog or high probability follow-on opportunities, a strong and growing pipeline and $8 billion of proposals outstanding give us confidence despite a lengthened CR to take tighten our revenue guidance to up 3% to 4% from 2% to 4% previously. We’re maintaining company operating margin guidance of 19% to 19.5%. But within that range, we’re planning an incremental investment of approximately $20 million in IRAD to strengthen our position and capture new market opportunities in areas, such as small sats, software-defined electronic warfare systems, open system Avionics and robotics. These have been focused areas for several years. But due to our recent success and customer pool, we’re increasing investment in these initiatives to drive innovation and affordability for our customers. We’re also investing in human capital and making a one-time stock grant of 10 shares to all non-executive employees. Our most important asset in driving long-term customer and shareholder value. And then finally, we anticipate prefunding the pension plan by $300 million during our fiscal Q3. We’re making these additional investments in the context of the recently inactive tax legislation, which is a net positive for Harris and for the U.S. economy as a whole. We expect tax reform to reduce our effective rate by about 10 percentage points next year, with about half of that reduction impacting this year and adding about $50 million to fiscal 2018 net income. This benefit combined with an improved revenue outlook and strong operational performance offsetting incremental investment gives us confidence to increase fiscal 2018 earnings per share guidance to $6.30 to $6.50 per share and free cash flow to about $900 million. So let me now turn it over to Rahul to cover financial results in more detail before we open the call to questions. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to total company results on Slide 5. Discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis, excluding non-cash charges in the quarter from a $52 million one-time write-down of deferred tax assets and a $12 million adjustment for deferred compensation, as well as prior year Exelis acquisition-related charges. The revenue was up 6% during the second quarter and operating income was down $6 million, as higher volume and operational efficiencies were more than offset by contract adjustments in the Mission Networks business. EPS was up 21%, or $0.29, including a $0.21 incremental benefit from tax reform. This benefit included a catch-up from the first quarter, resulting in a 11 point reduction in the Q2 tax rate, since the tax reform impact must be spread across all four quarters of our fiscal 2018. For the first-half, revenue was up 3% and operating income was up 1%, despite a $36 million unfavorable impact from the ADS-B program. Operating margin was 18.9%. Free cash flow was robust in the first-half at $330 million, a 34% increase over the prior year. On a last 12-month basis, adjusted free cash flow was $934 million. Turning now to segment details on Slide 6. Communication Systems second quarter revenue was $489 million, up 18% versus the prior year. In addition to strong growth in tactical, Night Vision revenue was also up double digits as the business continues to improve execution. Operating income for the segment was up 19% at $144 million, compared with $121 million in the prior year, driven by higher volume, operational excellence and integration savings. Orders grew by 21%, resulting in a book-to-bill of approximately 1 for the quarter. For the first-half of the year, segment revenue was up 7% and operating income was up 10%. Operating margin of 29.1% was up 70 basis points versus the prior year. Segment orders increased 44% in the first-half and book-to-bill was 1.5. Notably, the book-to-bill was above 1 for each of the three businesses in the segment; Tactical Communications, PSPC and Night Vision. We continue to include historical information for tactical orders, revenue and backlog, as supplemental information at the end of this presentation. On Slide 7. Electronic Systems revenue was $584 million, up 2% for the quarter. The $33 million decline in segment operating income was driven by contract adjustments in the Mission Networks business, including a $22 million headwind from the ADS-B program. Increased R&D expense and unfavorable mix, partially offset by strong performance on electronic warfare programs and the benefit of higher volume in Avionics. First-half segment revenue was up 2%, while operating income was down 14%, or $36 million, as the increase in volume was offset by ADS-B headwind and an increase in R&D. Operating margin remained strong at 18.7%. On Slide 8. Space and Intelligence Systems segment operating income was up 7% on revenue decline of 1%. For the first-half, revenue for the segment increased 1% and operating income was up 8%, resulting in 120 basis points of margin expansion from productivity and incremental pension income. Moving to Slides 9 and 10 for full-year guidance. As Bill indicated, we now expect revenue to be up 3% to 4% versus up 2% to 4% in the prior guidance, due to increased strength in Tactical Communications and in Avionics. We’re increasing the EPS guidance from a range of $5.85 to $6.05 to a range of $6.30 to $6.50, driven by a better than expected operational performance and benefits of tax reform, partially offset by reinvestment into certain key franchisees. Strong execution is expected to deliver an additional $0.13 of EPS on higher volume and strong program management, partially offset by unfavorable mix in Electronic Systems. We will reinvest $0.12 of that into innovation and affordability and bid and proposal activity across the corporation. Tax reform and other tax efficiencies will drive the effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 down to approximately 23%. This combined with operational changes results in a $0.45 EPS increase. Total company margin is still expected to remain robust at 19% to 19.5%. We’re tightening free cash flow guidance to approximately $900 million from a range of $850 million to $900 million, reflecting the cash benefit from tax reform. Turning now to outlook at the segment level. In Communication Systems, we now expect revenue to be up 5% to 7% versus up 3% to 5% previously, driven by strength in Tactical Communications and Night Vision. Operating margin guidance range of 19.9 – sorry, operating margin guidance range of 29.5% to 30.5% remains unchanged. In Electronic Systems, we now expect revenue to be at the top-end of the previous range, up 4% to 5% versus up 3% to 5% previously, from better than expected outlook in Avionics and Electronic Warfare. Operating margin is now expected to be between 18% to 19% versus 19% to 20% previously, due to increased R&D and bid and proposal investments and unfavorable mix shift from products to program businesses. Space and Intelligence revenue guidance remains unchanged at flat to up 1%. Operating margins are now expected to be between 17% to 18% versus 16.5% to 17.5% previously, driven by higher productivity and strong program execution, partially offset by reinvestments in R&D. On Slide 11, we’re updating the guidance for tax and share purchases. We have completed the $150 million of share buyback that we had initially planned and now expect to repurchase an additional $50 million in the second-half for a total of $200 million in share purchases for the fiscal year. And with that, I would like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William Brown: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Bill, obviously, a very strong order intake in the first-half of the year. I was wondering how sustainable do you think this sort of order intake is, as we roll forward into the future, and whether you’re seeing any change in the lead time between when the order is placed and when you expect to ship the product?
William Brown: Well, we start out with a very good first-half – very good first quarter, because we booked Australia, recall in Q1, so a very strong book-to-bill in Q1, which really led into a good first-half. For the year, as we said last time, we do expect a book-to-bill of greater than 1. And as we see a CR turn into a healthy budget into what we hope to be a very healthy defense spending line in fiscal 2019, my expectation is, we’ll continue to see orders growth beyond 2018 into 2019 and hopefully beyond 2019. So we’re – we’ve got a good start. We’re building some good momentum. We’re seeing lead time in order conversion, opportunity to order about the same. I know, there’s an important effort focused on shortening the acquisition timeline, both in U.S. DoD, as well as in FM – on the FMS side. We haven’t seen anything yet, except for a couple of pretty quick turn investments in readiness that were – for more urgent requirements. But I know, the department is focused on both accelerating DoD purchase, as well as getting FMS contracts done a lot faster than that have been before.
Robert Stallard: Just a quick follow-up. You mentioned that the Middle East are becoming better than maybe you’d been expecting in second quarter. What about some of the other regions, how did they fair?
William Brown: Well, certainly, the Middle East was very good. We had anticipated the year to be up probably 40%-ish in the Middle East. It was a little bit stronger in Q2 than we expect that we’re seeing the pipeline velocity in the Middle East a little bit faster than we had expected now which I think is all – is good news, and hopefully, we’ll see that trend continuing into the back-half. So the Middle East has been very strong. Again, keep in mind, it’s coming off of a relatively low base. So that’s going to be pretty good, it’s pretty broad-based. Iraq is very important in the Middle East. Saudi has been a good opportunity. We see good opportunities in Northern Africa as well, and as well as Sub-Saharan. So overall, pretty good trajectory in the Middle East. We will see the Asia Pacific region grow pretty aggressively this year, probably about the same by 40%, principally due to Australia, but also because of some other countries in Southeast Asia. So again, good momentum in in Asia. We’ll see a tick-down this year in Europe. It will be down probably double digits off a record year last year and record second-half in Eastern Europe, and then in Central, in Latin America, as well as Central Asia, will likely be down pretty significantly this year. So overall, international on a revenue basis, we still see it where we did before, flat to down slightly, although the DoD business will be stronger this year.
Robert Stallard: That’s great. Thanks so much.
William Brown: You bet, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Raviv with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Raviv: Hey, guys, good morning.
William Brown: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Raviv: Could you just provide an – could you provide us something of an update on some of your free cash flow goals post the tax reform act. I think, previously we’ve talked a lot about $1 billion, you are approaching that, any thoughts on where that might go over the next few years?
William Brown: Well, we will see this year as we went up by at the center point $25 million from between $580 million to $900 million, so now we’re guiding at $900 million. Tax reform this year is about $50 million. But because of elongated continuing resolution, some of our revenue will price up to the back-end of the year. What that means is, we might have a little pressure on collection. So which is why we conservatively boosted our free cash guidance to about $900 million. Going into next year with tax reform, we see an incremental $50 million to $75 million of free cash just on tax itself. So that puts us into $950 million to $975 million range with earnings growth and working capital performance. We could see a path to get into a $1 billion in fiscal 2019. And as we think about how we deploy that, overall, we don’t see much of a change to our overall philosophy on capital deployment. We’ll continue to remain balanced and shareholder-friendly and making sure, we maintain a healthy balance sheet. Rahul did mention that, in the near-term, we’re going to increase our share repurchases this year from $150 million to $200 million. We will pay a debt that’s due, it’s about $0.5 billion in April. We’re going to prefund our pension. We anticipate doing that here in our third quarter. We’ll borrow to do that. And as we go into 2019 and beyond, longer-term, not much of a change in our overall priorities. We’ll continue to complete the fund all of the great investments we have internally in R&D and capital spending. We’re going to continue to pay a very good dividend, which we’ve been paying pretty, pretty aggressively over the last decade or more. And any balance that’s remaining on free cash will be deployed to M&A or share buyback. And if you think about the numbers, we’ll be generating probably a couple of billion dollars between 2018 and 2019 gives a lot of firepower for both share buyback, as well as potential M&A.
Jon Raviv: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then also on the CapEx question, you mentioned that the allocation priorities might not change too much. We’re seeing some other companies really get ahead of what I anticipate to be greater growth in terms of ramp in CapEx. How are you guys thinking through your capital investment problem?
William Brown: Well, I think – yes, Jon, the difference with Harris is that, over the last five or six years, we have invested in capital in the company. If you go back six years, we were over $300 million, a share of $1.30. So a lot of the investments that we’ve made were to upgrade our infrastructure, upgrade our capacity. We’ve got a relatively brand new tactical radio facility up in Rochester, it’s running at 60% or so utilization. So we don’t have any internal capacity constraints relative to satisfying the increasing demand. But what we have done is, step up over the last five or six years in R&D and we’re doing that again internal investments in R&D. Harris spends more than in term – on a relative basis relative to revenue than anyone on our segment or taking it even further, we’ve been running at about 5% of revenue, and this year, we’ll take it up to 5.2%, 5.3%. So we continue to invest very heavily in both R&D and over a period of time in capital spending. Our capital this year of $130 is about 2.2% of revenue, we feel pretty good about that.
Jon Raviv: Thanks so much.
William Brown: You bet, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Spingarn: Hey, good morning.
William Brown: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Spingarn: I wanted to see if we could just go to your Slide 12 on the Tactical Com history. You talked about, Bill, your strong first quarter intake. You’ve now got record revenues in the second quarter. And combining that in with the DoD backdrop you just talked about and the madness push on readiness, how do we see Tactical Comms going forward? Do you think revenue – quarterly revenues to move up from here, given that your backlog is still at record levels?
William Brown: We do see quarterly revenue increasing in the back-half. We see continued strong growth in DoD. We had a very good start, very good orders here in the second quarter, again, a lot of it driven by readiness, quick turn orders. As we look into the back-half, we see continued strong double-digit growth. We were guiding to be up mid-teens last quarter. We’re now moving to be up in the low 20s on tactical revenue DoD, and that feels, feels a good pretty good spot to be. And we probably have overall for tactical more than half of our second-half that’s currently in backlog flowing out in backlog in the back-half. But keep in mind, on the international side, we’ve got a few orders in there that are longer duration like Australia, it’ll be rolling out over the next couple of three years. We’ll see part of that moving in the back-half. So we will see growth in the back-half in the international on a sequential basis. Year-over-year, it will be down a little bit, because we’re coming off a pretty strong compare last year with good performance in Eastern Europe. I think, overall, that’s how I see us tracking over the back-end of this year.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. So we don’t see a peak in Tactical Comms anytime soon, that’s kind of where I was going. Then I have a similar question on F-35 on your long-term outlook. So…
William Brown: Yes, we don’t see a peak – we’re not at a peak by any stretch on the tactical business. I think, we’re in my view, certainly on the DoD side, we’re at the front-end of what we hope to be a steep curve that’s coming. And based on just what we see happening in modernization, both in the Army, DoD, eventually in the Marine Corps out of couple of years. If you look at the five-year budget and that by the way has not been changing very much. You’ll see a good ramp in DoD. We expect to capture a piece – a good chunk of that. On the F-35, we’re still in a low-rate production, and we’re on 11 and 12 and we’re still ramping up. So we think that that’s going to continue to grow over the next couple of years.
Robert Spingarn: I was going to say, do you have an idea timing-wise, when you would get up to the 150 ship sets per year, which I believe is what Lockheed is targeting as the mature peak rate?
William Brown: Yes, probably about a year or two from now. We’re probably at the fore front…
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
William Brown: And we’re probably – certainly, on the common component side, the stuff that goes in the aircraft, we’re probably on the front end on the release systems. We’re probably on the back-end, we’re at lot 11. So there’s – they come in different pieces and ramp at different rates. But I would say, on the common components, we’ll probably hit that a little bit faster than we’ll be on the release systems.
Rahul Ghai: And generally….
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And just…
Rahul Ghai: Sorry, this is Rahul. So just generally, we’re little bit ahead of Lockheed, because we’re, as Bill mentioned, we’re in LRIP 11 on the release systems and 12 on the Avionics. So we’re generally, we’re ahead of the normal ramp up curve.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just wanted to ask, you mentioned a couple of times reinvestment. And while you said, you’re – there’s not a big C change in CapEx plans, you do you have some higher R&D here and there. Could you just review the franchises that you’re putting that money into? Where should we look for Harris to really be developing any incremental strengths beyond those you already have?
William Brown: Look, we’ve been investing pretty aggressively in our tactical business over the last number of years, and that probably is about 35% of our IRAD spend. So that’s – that has remained high and will continue to remain high and it would be fully funded, it’s very, very good return. But where we’re stepping up is in Electronic Systems, as well as in the space and Intel segment. In both segments, they were a little bit below tactical and they’re coming up quite dramatically over the last couple of years. And it’s going to be an area in like open systems Avionics. So we have opportunities to change out Avionics from newer platforms, as well as next-gen platforms in Avionics. We’re developing software-defined electronic warfare systems, both for legacy platforms, but also perhaps onboarding on to the newer generation aircraft. We’re investing in robotics. We won a pretty good size contract for EOD in the UK. And we think that it’s good opportunities to grow robotics beyond the UK into other international markets maybe even into the U.S. DoD over time as well. And then on the space side, we’ve been penetrating the market for small satellites and hosted payloads. We’ve been winning some awards in a classified community and we’re going to continue to invest to win in those areas. These are very, very clear trends that we’re seeing and we’re investing ahead of the curve.
Robert Spingarn: That’s great. Thank you so much for the extra color.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sheila Kahyaoglu with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Good morning and thanks for taking my question.
William Brown: Good morning, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: I was hoping we could maybe revisit Communication Systems and the longer-term margin profile of the business. As you ramp up on new opportunities and also new business wins, how do you think of the puts and takes for the longer-term margin profile?
Rahul Ghai: Good morning, Sheila. So I think the margin, we feel good about remaining in the range that we have that we’ve guided to this year. The couple of things that will kind of move around. As the volume ramps up, there will be incremental benefit from drop, too, just given the tactical margins being higher than the segment margins. But also the mix is skewing a little bit towards more program business like that in Australia. And also the fact is, the DoD modernization is going to come in lower, at least, in the initial stages than the margins that we currently have. So you put that all that together between volume benefit and some mix shift and lower margin DoD business relative to where we are right now in the initial phases, we feel good about where we are right now. I think, that’s where we expect, at least, 2019 to be.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then just one more, I think, Bill, you mentioned $8 billion of proposal outstanding. If you could elaborate on some of the big opportunities, the big one was $500 million within Iraq. If you could talk about some of the other items?
William Brown: Well, it’s really across the business. When I look at what’s happening in Electronic Systems, we’ve got a very strong pipeline to upgrade, for example, international F-16s for EW systems. We’ve got opportunities to continue to grow our business in air traffic management. We’ve got opportunities on the Avionics side. And on the space side, there’s tremendous opportunities in growing in the classified community. The budgets on the classified side are growing mid single digits in the areas where we have been competing, they’re slightly better than that. We have found a good way to penetrate that and be competitive and we’re seeing a lot of opportunities start to enter our pipeline on the classified side. So it’s pretty broad-based across the company when I look at it. And of course, we’ve got good opportunities sitting in the tactical side. The tactical pipelines are running around $2.5 billion on the international side, about $1 billion, $4 billion $5.1 billion on the DoD side. So, look, Sheila, it’s really across the company, where we see good strength in the pipeline.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you.
William Brown: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks, guys. Good morning.
William Brown: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Couple of questions. First, I was wondering, if you could give us some directional color on cash pension contribution in fiscal 2019?
Rahul Ghai: Gautam, we’re not expecting with the prefunding that Bill just mentioned, the $300 million that we’re thinking of doing in Q3. We don’t expect any pension contributions now through 2025. So that we’ll prefund the pension for the next several years.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just to – the cash flow guidance for the year, free cash flow guidance, does that exclude the $300 million?
Rahul Ghai: Yes, it does.
William Brown: But no sorry, the $900 million does not include a pension prefunding.
Rahul Ghai: Right.
William Brown: Just to be perfectly clear on that.
Gautam Khanna: Got it, okay. What – how would you size the initial JTRS Manpack production award that you’re expecting in fiscal Q4? How large do you think it might be between the two suppliers? And any color how that may…?
William Brown: Yes, it’s still working through – it’s still working its way through Army acquisition, and it would be for a couple of BCTs. In my understanding is, it could be in the range of about 3,000 units. We don’t price that, but it will be about 3,000 units. And we do expect that it’ll be split basically 50-50 between us and the other player in the IDIQ in that range. Again, it’s still working its way through Army acquisition. So we’ll know more as that decision is made.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then in subsequent years, what do you anticipate that today? Is it going to be 3,000 units per year, or what do you think…?
William Brown: No, we think that this is – yes, we think it’s going to grow from there. When you look at just where the 2018 budget is at $355 million, up from, I think, it was only $275 million or so last year. So the budgets for HMS includes the rifle and our own on-and-off swing. So I would expect that revenue will ramp in 2019 on the manpack and continue to grow thereafter as really at the front-end of the sort of the recapitalization and the modernization of the tactical radio franchise within the army.
Gautam Khanna: And I know you didn’t want to talk about price. But in the fiscal 2018 request, you can see the government’s estimate of price of around 62,000 or so per unit. Is that – should we expect it to be far off of that mark, or is there a reason to think it’s going to be a lot lower?
William Brown: I think that, what you don’t see is what the army builds into those cost estimates. Sometimes it’s just the radio, plus accessories, plus army program management costs could be vehicular adaptors, it could be a variety of things. So it’s not a pure number, Gautam. And so I would take it with some grain of caution.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Last question just, on the F-35, you mentioned picking up some more content on it. Could you refresh us on what your revenue per F-35 is sitting at today?
William Brown: Yes, we’re sitting today at about – roughly about $2.2 million per ship set. We have a number of pieces. One is the release system, so the bomb release or charge release systems for the F-35. We have a variety of common components, meaning, they’re common across the three different variants, liquid cool racks and power supplies. We do the antenna as well. And we very recently within the last year, one of the electronic unit for the Panoramic Cockpit Display, that was about $320 million, that’s a front-end of its development. So that will onboard probably several years from now. And then we won about a year ago or within the last year, the aircraft memory system upgrade with a contract valued about $140 million. So overall, we’re running 2.2, but we do see opportunities to drive that up if we’re successful in winning the open system mission computer, which will be down selected again to a final winner, one of the three down selected companies today. But the final one probably to the next couple of years. So we’re pretty hopeful about additional content on the F-31.
Gautam Khanna: Bill, I said that was my last. I wanted to sneak one more. And you mentioned, share repurchase – cash deployment opportunities, and Exelis now is well digested, I would say. What are you thinking in terms of acquisition priorities? Is there much of a pipeline, what do you think about valuations, or any color on what the next five years look like for the company?
William Brown: Well, I think, look, M&A is part of what we want to do longer-term. I think, we’ve – we did a good job at buying Exelis at a good part in the cycle – good point in the cycle and we integrated well. We paid down debt. We paid down our pension obligation. We’re going to be at probably 85% funded. So we’ve done a very good job, I believe, in integration and managing our balance sheet. Now we’re generating very strong cash. The working capital turns have improved pretty dramatically both for Harris, as well as for legacy. Exelis, and you’re seeing that come through in our free cash guidance. As we get into next year, we’ll have a little bit of debt to pay down. It depends upon the length of time we borrow to fund the pension, but it does leave quite a bit of capacity for buybacks, for M&A. And the way I look at it is, we’ll evaluate things very, very carefully. The prices are relatively high, and we don’t need to buy anything to be scale. We think we’re scale in a place we want to be. We like the position we happen to have, but we’ll continue to evaluate opportunities to bolt-on or add to the company in the key franchise that we’re in today. Other than that, I don’t think we have much more to say.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
William Brown: You bet, Gautam. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Please proceed with your question.
Pete Skibitski: Yes, good morning, guys.
William Brown: Good morning, Pete.
Pete Skibitski: Hey, Bill, I would like to talk more about Communication Systems, Bill, if we could from a different perspective and I kind of have a compound question. But a lot has been written on kind of the incremental Russian military threat, the ground threat, and it sounds like the U.S. Army, as well as Congress are pretty concerned about that. So I’m wondering, are you sensing recently more kind of threat-driven incremental demand in radios? And at the same time, that’s going on. We’re hearing recently that the fiscal 2019 budget could be really attractive, maybe approaching 7% growth over – per year over the next couple of years, if you kind of average it out? So between that incremental threat out there and the inflecting budgets, Communication Systems are – would you err on the side of the outlook for Comms being closer to high single digits now than the prior mid single-digit outlook you gave, or is international side is just not enough visibility on the international side right now?
William Brown: Well, I think, we’ll wait until we see where the 2019 budget actually drops and what the fight that looks like to say if we’re going to change any perspective for long-term growth in Communications, I saw the same reports about the 2019 budget. But again, until it actually drops, we don’t know the size of it and maybe –and even more importantly, the mix across different programs. But your point about what’s driving communications tactical radio revenue, certainly, last year, it was a lot around investments in Eastern Europe in Comms to help drive the interoperability across NATO forces and with U.S. forces, and that was a big part of the surge we saw last year in Eastern Europe, and it continues at a pretty good pace even this year. And when you step back and look at some of the investments that the DoD is making now today in radios and maybe even some of the hesitancy in going forward, is really rethinking exactly what kind of radio Comms they want? What sort of waveforms they need? What’s the bandwidth? Are they anti-jam? Are they at low probability of interception and detection? They’re changing their thinking about it and it spills from not just communication, but also to the Electronic Warfare business and as a fundamental driver for why we’re seeing increased investment and growth outlook in Electronic Warfare. It’s all around how do our forces and our partner forces compete in places like Europe, given the Russian threat. So that is the backdrop for a lot of the trends that we’ve seen in the business. And frankly, a lot of the investment that we’re talking about that we’ve made and are making now in our business to enhance our communications and spectrum warfare capabilities and drive opportunities here to communicate broadly, convey information, but to have then anti-jam, so they hop very quickly, as well as the LPI/LPD. So long answer, Pete. But that that’s really the backdrop for what’s happening driving an important trend across all of our Comms and EW businesses.
Pete Skibitski: That’s helpful. Let me ask a couple ancillary question to that. The new WIN-T strategy, as of today versus last quarter, give any greater clarity as to kind of what comes next post WIN-T, and if there would be an incremental benefit to Harris, or the same as last quarter for the most part?
William Brown: It’s about the same as last quarter. We’re working very closely with the army as they rethink what they want the structure of the network, the architecture of the network to look like. It was a good result that they’ve separated the upper tactical network, meaning, WIN-T from the lower tactical, meaning, the radios and they are moving forward with the radio purchases. We do have components on the upper tactical WIN-T system. We have the radio, the high band networking radio. We have the waveform, which is HNW. We have a new version of the waveform that’s sitting out there now in the repository. I do believe that no matter what they do on the upper tactical network. There’s a role for Harris to play, in fact, I think, it may be increasing as opposed to decreasing. The radio we’ve developed and the waveform that’s been developed, gives you a much faster rate of transmission. There’s more nodes. It’s a more mobile system, solving a lot of the issues that the army has had with WIN-T. So, Pete, on balance, I think, we’re probably as good if not better position on WIN-T now than we were before.
Pete Skibitski: Okay, great. Very helpful. If I could just sneak in one last one, I apologize. But on the EW front, this next-generation jammer, the low band, starting to see more out there on that. Is it still early there in terms of award date and sizing? And is this currently maybe one of the bigger competitive opportunities for ES?
William Brown: This is one that we’ve looked at for sometime and we continue to look at it, and I don’t have much to say in terms of when that procurement will likely come through. It’s been talked about for the last, at least, a couple of years that I’ve heard about it. So we’ll stay back, we’ll look at it and evaluate. We participate directly or with another party in the space as we’ve done before on a prior opportunity on that platform.
Pete Skibitski: Got it. Thanks very much, guys.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone.
William Brown: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Seifman: As you start delivering manpack radios to the Army and they go through risk reduction and testing, are there any sort of outstanding technical challenges? And if so, what are they, or do you feel like you’ve kind of gotten through all of that and it should be pretty smooth testing for you?
William Brown: I think, the requirements are likely to get changed a little bit over time, Seth. To be honest with you, I think, the fundamental hardware of the radio won’t change. But the beauty of these radios is that, they are software-defined. Their features, their functionality could be changed and upgraded over time with software downloads. And we’ve seen that happen on the 117G. We’ll see the same thing happen on our version of the manpack. So the capabilities will change over time. What we have demonstrated and our competitor in the space have demonstrated through the customer tests is basic functionality of the radio and the waveforms. And what they’re now testing are some of the deferred threshold requirements like the ability for the radio to use the MUOS waveform, a very complicated waveform. Now we perfected that in putting it into the 117G. I don’t expect that to be a problem and how it works in the manpack. So they’re just going to test on the deferred threshold requirements is what – it’s what’s happening right now. But I do believe over time, these requirements will continue to shift as the threat environment shifts.
Seth Seifman: Great. And then maybe last one, Bill, when you look at the thing they’re considering for the organization of space acquisition in the Air Force and moving that into sort of its own dedicated area, how you think about the implications for Harris?
William Brown: Well, look, we’re an important player in the space side and we were very closely with our Air Force colleagues. We have very good relationships there. And I think, frankly, since we bought Exelis and expanded our capabilities there, and by the way, improved dramatically our performance on GPS, I think, our relationships there, our credibility has improved. We’ve got a very, very strong team in Colorado Springs. It’s a pretty broad-based set of capabilities, both on the unclassified as well as a classified domain. And I think it’s – I think, we’re well positioned. If they consider moving and creating a separate space for us, the way I look at this is, if you want to make improvements and really drive something like improvements on our space infrastructure, space architecture, separating that and making it a sole function of a part of the Air Force or separate from the Air Force could only be – drive good benefits, because that will drive more investment in the area, and I think, we would see some of the results of that. So I think, if anything that would be a positive for Harris over time.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks very much.
William Brown: You bet, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
William Brown: Hey, good morning, Josh.
Josh Sullivan: I think, you’d mentioned on the Electronic Warfare side upgrades for the international F-16s. Is there anyway to size that and is there a similar opportunity for maybe F-18s?
William Brown: Well, we do provide the, what we call, the IDECM system for F-18 that’s both for U.S. as well as international variants of the F-18. And we’ve been receiving some pretty healthy orders very recently on F-18s for U.S. Navy and Australia and we do see opportunities to continue to grow that. On the F-16, it will go through the FMS process. There’s probably, I don’t know eight or 10 different countries around the world that use F-16s, and we are the legacy EW provider on international F-16s, not domestic ones. So we do see quite a long tail of opportunities to well over $0.5 billion to upgrade international F-16s.
Josh Sullivan: Okay. And then on Night Vision up double digits, it’s been a legacy technology just what’s driving that? And then is that sustainable going forward?
William Brown: Yes, it’s come off a pretty long decline going back, I don’t know five or seven years with the wind down of some of the wars. And I think, we last year hit a bottom in fiscal 2017, we’re down, I don’t know 10% or so in fiscal 2017. But we’ve seen through 2017 and now into 2018 very, very strong orders, good book-to-bill, backlog is coming up. In the first-half, we’re up double-digit, Q2 was strong. We’ll be up double-digit for the year. A lot of it is, I mean, there are some new technologies that are being played, a lot of it’s refresh and resets of tubes and goggles for the DoD, as well as international partners. And there are some new technology investments that we have made around making, that will continue to see some, I think, good traction in the marketplace. But I think, a lot of it is refresh upgrades of existing goggles.
Rahul Ghai: And where we are seeing growth of the – part of the reason why we are seeing growth is, because we improved our operational performance. So our throughput is higher and we’ve been able to take the costs lower. When we bought Exelis, we couldn’t ship the product for about a year, because you don’t do that. I think, it was under short notice. We’ve been working very hard to resolve some of the operational issues, and that’s helped us win a very large share, both domestically and some of the international opportunities, that’s starting to grow.
Josh Sullivan: Okay. I’ll just switch over to tech for the last one. You mentioned the Rochester facility is about 65%. How long do you think it takes you to get to the kind of 85% level?
Rahul Ghai: Well, it depends on how quickly the volume ramps up and the DoD – the modernization kicks in, that’s what’s going to determine. I think, the point that Bill made earlier was the fact that, as even with incremental DoD volume, we don’t see a need to make a capital investment in the facility. And we – business is still off at peak. I mean, I think we did the $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion going back a few years. So we still have ways to go before we reach 100% capacity utilization there.
William Brown: And even as we fill up the factory today, if we do it a limit, there’s things that we do in the factory that we can always find – we can always outsource to effectively increase capacity in the building. So we don’t have any constraints that we see in the near-term or the medium-term.
Josh Sullivan: Good. Thank you.
William Brown: You bet.
William Brown: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call this morning. And please do not hesitate to get in touch with me for any additional questions. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Brown - Chairman and CEO Rahul Ghai - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Carter Copeland - Melius Research Rob Spingarn - Credit Suisse Jason Gursky - Citi Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Sheila Kahyaoglu - Jefferies Robert Stallard - Vertical Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Harris Corporation’s First Quarter 2018 Fiscal Year Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host for today, Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari: Thank you, Sonia. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2018 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris’ SEC filings. In addition, discussions today will include non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. Earlier this morning we posted Q1 fiscal ‘18 results and we are off to a good start to the year. Earnings per share was up 8% to $1.38 on flat revenue, margins expanded 70 basis points to 19.2%, free cash improved by $50 million and we returned $144 million to shareholders through share repurchases and increase dividend, our 16th consecutive annual increase. The highlight of the quarter was orders increasing 33% to a record $2.3 billion with a book-to-bill of 1.6. So let me highlight a few of these key wins across the three segments indicated on slide four, starting with Communication Systems. We finally secured the much anticipated $260 million order for Australia’s Phase 3 modernization, the first stage of a multiyear program with total potential value of over $1 billion. As you know, the Australian MoD has standardized on Harris networking technology and to-date we have shipped about $800 million in radios and we are leveraging that incumbency into developing and building a broader integrated network. This is part of an important strategy initiative to expand our addressable market and we are replicating in other geographies. In Eastern Europe we received a further $52 million in order from Ukraine as part of the Ukraine security assistance initiative to modernize communications to meet emerging threats in the region, building on very strong orders performance last year. In the Middle East and Africa, we anticipate a recovery in ‘18 and then in the quarter orders were more than doubled the prior year with a $39 million order from Iraq and $46 million from Kenya. Overall, international tactical book-to-bill was well over 2 and was still greater than 1 excluding Australia. In DoD we also saw increased demand with orders growing about 40% including more than $100 million focused on readiness. A couple of notable awards include $36 million from the Air Force for upgrades of their legacy communications equipment to software defined radios to support multi mission operations and $38 million from the Marine Corps for radios with MUOS capability to enable high quality satellite communication on expeditionary missions. On omni modernization as I mentioned on the last earnings call we received an order for $101 HMS manpack test radios from the Army at the beginning of Q1 and we expect to start deliveries later this quarter. With the down selected two vendors now accomplished, we are working with the Army as a prepared for field-based risk reduction in the spring of 2018. DoD tactical book-to-bill was also well above 1 in the quarter and overall tactical communications backlog is now $879 million, up 66% from the prior year and 78% sequentially. Excluding Australia, backlog is up 25% sequentially and 17% year-on-year. Public Safety and Night Vision also had strong order resulting in Communication Systems having record orders of about $825 million and book-to-bill of 2. Following the close of the quarter, we received $765 million sole-sourced IDIQ award from the Navy for Falcon III and next-generation radios, replacing a contract that was completely exhausted in April. This value was more than double the previous contract and aligned with the Navy’s budget request to ramp up Marine Corps modernization efforts over the next few years. In Electronic Systems, we continue to see strength in our electronic warfare business and received a $133 million contract for U.S. Navy and Australian F-18s, continuing a 20 year relationship and enabling legacy platforms to perform more advanced missions. We also provide the EW system for international F-16s and in the quarter we received $47 million in additional funding from Morocco to complete the upgrade of their entire fleet. We have several additional international opportunities in the pipeline. In the Avionics business, we continue to ramp production for the F-35, with a $63 million order for LRIP 10 release systems. In addition, we expanded our international footprint with key wins in Singapore and Turkey for smart carriage and release systems on international F-16s. These smart racks can carry two payloads of up to £1,000 each and have a innovative and patent electronics enabling direct communication between the aircraft and the payload. In C4ISR, we leverage our classified robotics expertise and were awarded a contract worth up to £55 million from the U.K. Ministry of Defense to provide robotic systems to support explosive ordnance disposal missions. The U.K. MoD is a global leader in EOD and our state-of-the-art product delivers real-time haptic feedback and unparalleled range of precision control. We are excited about offering -- about our offering and expect other countries to follow the U.K.’s lead as they upgrade EOD capabilities. Overall, Electronic Systems book-to-bill was 1.5, with both electronic warfare and avionics above 2. And finally, in Space and Intel, we had a number of significant wins driving a segment book-to-bill of 1.4, with continued strength in a Classified domain and in a commercial reflector business. Let me provide a little color where I can on a couple of them. On our Q2 call last year, I noted a new franchise emerging from an $80 million Classified contract that we described in as a group -- as a ground-based adjacency. We knew this program had the potential to grow into several $100 million and after a successful startup, we were awarded a $35 million -- $34 million follow-on contract in the first quarter, further solidifying our position in this new franchise area. In addition, I noted last quarter that investing in R&D and innovating ahead of customer need enable us to win two Classified small sat programs. These pathfinder missions have proven successful as our customers move towards disaggregated, more affordable and responsive space solutions, and we received an award this quarter that has a potential to grow to more than $100 million over the next two years. And then finally in our Commercial Space business, we received our largest order for a single commercial satellite covering four reflectors, bringing total orders to eight over the past two years. Our commercial reflector pipeline remains robust and we expect these recapitalization and expansion trends to continue through fiscal ‘18. So, overall, we are seeing positive momentum across the company and I’m pleased with our strong orders growth driven by sustained our -- internal R&D investments over the past several years. This strong start to the year gives us confidence in our full year guidance and reinforces our view that we are at the beginning of a multiyear growth inflection. Let me now turn the call over Rahul for details on the financial. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Just a quick reminder that fiscal ‘18 results are compared with the prior year non-GAAP figures, which excluded acquisition-related costs. Total company results on slide five. Revenue was about flat, with growth in Electronic Systems and Space and Intelligence offset by lower revenue in Communication Systems. Operating income was up 3% and EPS was up 8%. Free cash flow grew by $50 million to $72 million. Turning now to first quarter EPS bridge on slide six. EPS grew by $0.10. The expected $0.08 headwind from the ADS-B transition was partially offset the disciplined capital deployment in fiscal ‘17. Strong segment performance delivered $0.12 of accretion from solid program execution, incremental integration savings, higher pension income and lower costs. Benefit of higher volume in Avionics, Battle Management Systems and Classified Space was offset by lower Environmental and Communication Systems volume. Segment detail on slide seven, Communication Systems revenue was $410 million, down 5%. Tactical Communication revenue was down 5%, with DoD down 2% from lower airborne radios volume. International tactical revenue was down 6%, as substantial growth in the Middle East primarily from Iraq was offset by the expected declines in central Asia and in Central and Latin America due to a tough year-over-year compare, and though, slightly down Europe remained strong driven by Eastern Europe. Public Safety and Night Vision were both down mid-single digits. Segment operating income was flat at $118 million, but margin expanded 140 basis points to 28.8%, as lower cost and operational efficiencies more than offset the impact from lower volume. Historical information for tactical orders, revenue and backlog is provided in the supplementary material. Moving to slide eight, Electronic Systems revenue was $540 million, up 1% versus the prior year. Excluding the impact of ADS-B program transition, revenue was up 5%. This was driven by the ramp in UAE Battle Management Systems program and growth in Avionics across several platforms, such as F-35, F-22 and F-18. Segment operating income was down slightly to $109 million and margin was down 50 basis points to 20.2%, as solid performance across the segment and ongoing focus on operational excellence offset a $14 million headwind from the ADS-B program transition. Slide nine, System and Intelligence revenue was $466 million, up 3%, Classified business was up 8% and Environmental revenue decline double digits, in line with expectations as some programs trended down. Segment operating income was up 10% to $87 million and margin expanded 130 basis points to 18.7%, driven by strong program performance and higher pension income. Moving to slides 10 and 11 for full year guidance, guidance for fiscal ‘18 remains unchanged, with EPS in a range of $5.85 to $6.05, up 6% to 9%, including benefit from $150 million of share repurchases for the year, with $75 million completed in the first quarter. Total company revenue guidance is unchanged in a range of $6.02 billion to $6.14 billion, up 2% to 4%. Communication Systems is expected to grow 3% to 5% with DoD tactical up double digits, from increased focus on readiness and incremental modernization volume. International tactical is still expected to be flat to down slightly with growth in the back half of the year as the Australia modernization program ramps up. Electronic Systems is expected to be up 3% to 5% with growth in avionics, electronic warfare and battle management systems. Space and Intelligence is expected to be flat to up 1% as strong revenue growth in the Classified area will be partially offset by the headwind from the Environmental programs. Total company operating margin guidance remains unchanged in a range of 19% to 19.5%. We also continue to expect $850 million to $900 million in free cash flow for the full year. The first quarter tax rate of 27.7% benefited from the stock-based compensation accounting standard that we adopted in the first quarter of fiscal ‘17. We still expect a full year tax rate of about 28.5%. The remaining three quarters are expected to average 28.8% within quarter-to-quarter depending on specific tax timing differences. And with that, I would like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Bill Brown: Hey. Good morning, Pete.
Pete Skibitski: Hey. Bill is revenue kind of line with your expectations or it was a little bit light or it was just timing or maybe CR -- related?
Bill Brown: Yeah. It -- look, I think, we are pretty pleased with where we happen to be in the first quarter coming at about flat. I am very, very happy with where we were on orders. Orders were very, very strong and as look at the balance of the year we have got fair amount of the backend of the year is now covered in backlog or in firm or follow-on high probability follow-on orders. So it’s actually quite good. When I look just across the businesses, CS came in a down 5%, so we saw a couple of opportunity shift in the Q2, but we see though the balance of year being very, very strong. Electronic Systems came in at 1%, but when you exclude the impact of ADS-B it would be up 5%. So that’s a pretty substantial drag in the quarter and we will see that again in Q2. And then Space coming in at 3% for the first quarter is above the full year guidance and again reflects some good trends that are happening at business. So, overall, I think, we are pretty pleased with where we happen to be in the first quarter.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Fair enough. And then just last one Bill for you, I was wondering if you can make some comments on some of the consolidation we have seen in the Space. UTX buying Collins, North buying OA, obviously, is going to have some impact on the Communications market, small satellite that kind of stuff. And so I am just wondering how you see it as it put in a competitive advantage or disadvantage rather as some of these big guys get bigger or you feel like maybe just more nimble and then can maybe move faster than those guys, just curious on your comments?
Bill Brown: Yeah. Pete, look, I think, from my perspective at Harris, we don’t see any change to our game plan. We have a healthy amount of respect for the competitors we have in the space and the moves that they are making. But we feel we have got good skill position in the franchise areas, we haven’t been participating in. We spent the number of years investing in our franchise and focusing our businesses where we know we could be successful and winning based on technology, so while we -- we feel pretty good. We watch what’s happening in the industry. But we feel good about the position of Harris Corporation and where the budget happens to be going and I think the future is a very bright for Harris.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth Seifman: Hey. Good morning. Thanks very much.
Bill Brown: Hey, Seth.
Seth Seifman: Bill, we had a lot of development in the tactical Comms area over the last couple months. I wonder if you could address just broadly kind of two of them, one being how you think the changes in start of the upper end of tactical and having to do with WIN-T and what that sort of means for Harris over time? And secondly, or the comments that the Army has made recently basically suggest that they are looking to incorporate more capability into their Communication capabilities faster and how you think that Harris can address these capabilities and whether you see the Army kind of looking at all to new entrants to try and deliver any of this capability and if there are any new entrants who can?
Bill Brown: It was I think very, very good questions. I think you’re referencing a lot of the discussions gone over the last six months to eight months, maybe little bit longer than that led by the Chief on the future of the Army architecture, the resiliency, the concerns about maneuverability and variety of other things. They commissioned a study. The study came out with the findings. The Army has elaborated on that over the summer. That engage industry and lots of ways and conversations around that and it was some recent testimony in September in front of what is subcommittees of the House of Services Committee talking about some directions the Army wants to move in. First of all in the upper tactical system mainly relates to WIN-T. We are provider of some components on WIN-T. We provide the high-band networking radio, as well as an H&W waveform which we’ve develop. Frankly, as I look for ways of making that that system more resilient, more maneuverable, that could slow down some opportunities to Harris to upgrade its H&W waveform and each in our radio, which we are proceeding with today. In terms of the Army wanting to put more capabilities into the tactical radio with the tactical Internet faster. Frankly, works directly in our favor in many ways and I think is a strong footstep on the commercial model that Harris has been known for. The ability to quickly embed commercial technologies, continuously innovate, developing new capabilities, fielding them very quickly, investing ahead of the curve and building headroom on our radios, so that you can onboard new waveforms, new technologies based on where the market is moving or threats are changing. So that works very much in favor of the model that Harris I think it’s been known for is very, very strong at. So, I think, overall, I think, this is a -- this will eventually be a good outcome for the company. There’s been some deliberation over last six months, but I think, it started to come, become clear as to where the Army wants to move. They clearly have made a strong statement in support of the manpack radio. They made a strong statement in support of the two channel leader radio. They want to become more SOCOM like, which shall again goes back in support of Harris. I think, overall, this could shake out to be good news over time for Harris.
Seth Seifman: Great. Thanks. Thanks very much.
Bill Brown: You bet sir.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks. Couple questions, first, I am wondering, could you give us the legacy RF tactical orders and sales in the just so we have?
Rahul Ghai: So we have not tracking, as we’ve mentioned, I think, on the last call, we are not going to track it that, we just going to provide now combined results for the tactical radio business between Harris and Exelis. As we have combined and integrated the business, operationally we’re running it as one. Our sales forces are now combined. So we have -- even internal we are just soft tracking between Exelis and Harris and just tracking it as -- just as the tactical radio business and we have the details in the supplementary material for the overall business.
Bill Brown: Yeah. I don’t think the adding an Exelis really changes a trend very much, frankly.
Gautam Khanna: All right. Couple of things, one, I was wondering if you could give us your -- the guidance then change on a net basis, but are there any puts and takes within that like Australia you are expecting $60 million of sales this year, is that still the expectation and any comment on kind of permit the actual net numbers, there has been any changes of consequence?
Bill Brown: Yeah. I think, we -- again, you are about right on Australia that should be about the flow-through in the year. Overall, we still see good growth on DoD, up double-digit for the year and international, as Rahul said in his prepared remarks, flat to down slightly. We still see a very strong pipeline. It’s about $2.3 billion. We see the Middle East and Africa region, perhaps, being a bit incrementally better in the year than we thought just a couple of months ago. It’s going to be up significantly double-digit and little bit better than we have thought. And again we are seeing good opportunities flow-through in Iraq. We are seeing that almost doubling over the course of the year. The U.S. government support, there is actually quite strong. We know Saudi is going to come up off a very low base from last year, mainly because of the [ph] reef product (23:04) or SINCGARS product that’s going to flow-through this year. North Africa looks good. We see Kenya looking pretty good. The UAE is pretty strong. The only place is really soft in the Middle East would be in Jordan, but again, overall, Middle East is a little bit better. Asia-Pacific just a little bit better as well than last time, again, up significantly double digits. Australia is a key part of it. There is a couple of other markets in Southeast Asia that are quite strong. So APAC a little bit better. Maybe Europe is about the same, maybe a little bit worse over the course of the last couple of months. We had a good start. We booked in Ukraine was a big deal for us. But Romania is going to be some pressure in the year. Poland is going to be some year-over-year pressure in the year and in Cal -- in Central Asia, both look a little bit weak and we knew they will be weak, but probably, incrementally, but weaker than we thought before.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And Bill, following up on Pete’s question about consolidation and you guys has been buying a lot of stock. I am curious what is the M&A pipeline looking like for you guys as an acquire and now that the balance sheet a lot better shape and the Exelis integration is effectively completed.
Bill Brown: Yeah.
Gautam Khanna: Are you looking at stuff and it’s still kind of -- what types of property interest you in terms of size capability, any color you can give?
Bill Brown: I really can’t give you much color. We -- you are right. We have completed Exelis integration. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We’ve got a little more debt to pay down at the end of this year about another $550 million in fiscal ‘18. We’ve -- I think we’ve proven our credit if you will on how we bought a company at a good part of the cycle. We are discipline in what we paid and integrated very, very well. So the team is looking at a variety of different opportunities none of which are must haves that could help us accelerate in some of our key franchise areas. But I don’t believe today that we need to acquire to be successful. We are going to be opportunistic. We will be very focused on where we buy. But we are just starting to look a little more. But, again, it won’t be an area that’s outside of our core Space.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thanks for that guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland of Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Bill Brown: Good morning, Carter. Welcome back.
Carter Copeland: Hi. Thanks. Good to be back. Couple questions for you, one, Bill, I just want to ask, Seth’s question another way, just to get at the kind of risk here. As you think about the deliberations that the customers has had here, are there factored bookings, I would say in your plan, at the latter part of this year that has some sort of risk, if the customer moves slower than expected in terms of deciding what the network architectures supposed to look like holistically. Just trying to get a sense of whether there is incremental risk here to the inflection that you’ve talked about in growth?
Bill Brown: We think the armies, first of all, across the DoD, they are moving money into some of the current accounts. We see readiness picking up. This is a bit more aggressively than we thought just a couple of months ago. There is a lot of conversation about equipping new security forces and that is going to we believe help us in the year. The -- we have very little in the year on monetization. It’s up from last year. We had a good start to the year on selling the MUOS waveform. We expect this year to be about $50 million and 80% of that are so was booked in Q1. So that’s pretty strong. But we’ve sort of derisk what we expect to see coming out of the Army manpack. It is largely just a test radios that we have shipped. We do see the SOCOM handheld radio beginning to ship in the back half of the year. That’s going to ramp into ‘19. But as I sit here today and based on as I look at our backlog and backlog roll off in the tactical business largely, we probably have about 50% or just about 50% of the back into Q2 through Q4 revenue that’s now in backlog and will flow out. So we feel better today looking at the backend of the year, Carter, than we did last year at this point in time. So what I think we are relatively well calibrated in the year.
Carter Copeland: Great. That’s great color. And then, Rahul, just two quick ones, with respect to the margin strength in ES and Space and Intel, were there any net favorable EAC adjustments to note in those? And then the second one is, given the potential for tax reform, how you guys thinking about potentially prefunding lot of pension? Thanks.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. Good question, Carter. So on EAC adjustments, overall, it’s kind of similar to where we were last year same time, so really no difference. I think both Space and ES had good operational performance and kind of Space had little bit of award fee timing that -- those things fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and ES had some a slight favorable fixed price content mix and some close out on fixed price programs. So those things helped in the quarter but overall we feel good about where they had margins happen to be. And on the -- on your second question on the pension, we contributed $400 million last year, so we had about 80% funded. So that’s -- so we have to be -- which is -- which we feel relatively good about. And the second part is, so given that we are -- we will keep and as interest rates move by about 25 basis points our pension deficit cuts down by like $160 million. So point of interest rate movement is going to cut our pension deficit by half. So we are going to continue to monitor that and think about what that means on when we made pension contribution if we chose to do so. We have -- given our fiscal year ending, we have little bit more time than others do in terms of, if we have to do something extra on pension. But right now we feel good about where we are in terms of funding.
Bill Brown: And I think on -- I think you might have mentioned about tax, well, Carter, I think, we are hopeful that tax reform does occur. I think every one point on effective tax rate worth about $0.08 for us. So that I think if that moves forward, I think, it will be a positive for Harris.
Carter Copeland: That’s great. Thanks, guys.
Rahul Ghai: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from Rob Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Bill Brown: Hey, Rob.
Rob Spingarn: Good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Rahul Ghai: Good morning.
Rob Spingarn: Good morning. So Rahul I have a couple of clarification questions I wanted to ask you. The first one being in the Space and Intelligence business, what is the Classified growth and the guidance if you remove the headwind?
Rahul Ghai: So our Classified growth is about roughly mid-single digits around 5% year-over-year in our Space guidance.
Rob Spingarn: Okay. And then, just in the cash flow you had, I think, it was a source of around $107 million in other cash from ops. I can’t recall if you describe what that was already, in just wanted to follow up on that? And then, Bill, I have a radio question for you?
Bill Brown: Sure.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So on cash, listen, good start to year. We are up $50 million year-over-year in the quarter and as expected we had some working capital headwinds as we over delivered $51 in Q4. So we kind of expected that and that got offset by some refunds on tax payments we made last year and some cash tax timing differences. But on the long -- last 12-month basis we are about $900 million of free cash flow and feel good about delivering $850 million to $900 for the year.
Rob Spingarn: Okay. Okay. Bill, moving back to where, Seth and Carter were going, I just wanted to ask a little bit more about JTRS, just given that we’ve just have this network vulnerability study with the Army and having just visited AUSA, et cetera. One things we are hearing is that the radios, the tactical radios vulnerable examine and that there’s a scaling up issue, where only a certain -- you can only get to a certain number of radios, I think, it’s something like 31 before they begin to examine in the field? And so I wanted to ask you, where -- what’s your comment on that, where are we technically and is there generally an issue with the hardware being able or mature enough to process the software driven radio or are we not quite there yet, is that really the core of the issue in developing this program?
Bill Brown: No. Look, it’s very, very complicated question that you’re asking. But effectively we’ve been in the business for several decades delivering radios and have been nearly standardized across the DoD on 117G 152 Alpha radios field proven. And we have develop -- we have been developing and working on the next-generation manpack radio, the single-channel rifleman radio, the two channel handheld radio, the midtier radio, we are selling them all around the world, even some of the newer product is being sold with both within and outside of the DoD. Look the technology continues to move, the threat environment continues to change and the radios have to be adaptable it over time given those current trends and what -- I think what the Army has realized is that you cannot take a JTRS program in 10 years or 11 years ago set a specification five years before the first iPhone is launched and set a specification and hope to feel it 11 years later and have it be relevant. It has to be very nimble, agile, flexible procurement process and has yet to be able to upgrade frequently. In fact that’s where the Army is moving. That’s where SOCOM has moved. And that’s really the commercial model the Harris, I think, is distinctively good at. We develop headroom in the hardware of our radios such that when new threats come up or new waveforms that could be low probability of an interception or low probability of detection or APJ waveforms that you can onboard them into that radio in the existing hardware. It’s exactly what we did by putting the MUOS waveform on to our existing 117G’s. MUOS was not even contemplated on 117G. We first started fielding it eight years ago. But great waveform engineers up in Rochester were able to customize that waveform with a simple software download on drive -- drop it into 117G. That’s the beauty this particular model. So to your comments and concerns, yeah, there’s been a lot of question around this. The threat environment is changing, the technology is moving. What we believe that the adaptability of our model, our engineering investments in our products, we think we are going to be well-positioned no matter where the Army or fragmented in any of the other services go. So, hopefully, I’m addressing your question, Rob. It’s a very complicated one. But I do believe that this ultimately reflects back on the value of the commercial model that Harris is very good at.
Rob Spingarn: Well, you are, Bill, and it is very complex. With all that said and I think you started to this, you answered out to Carter’s question, do you have a sense of how many manpack radios you’ll ship total this year and next year, is there way to quantify this and can we figure out when the annual production lot competition will begin?
Bill Brown: In terms of specific number that will ship this year. Again, we were under contract on the multichannel manpack for 100 units -- 101 units and they are going to ship back into this quarter, in its early Q1 -- Q3’s, early first quarter of calendar ‘18. And also want to do the field-based risk reduction, probably, in the April, May timeframe, that’s sort of the current operating model. Now the down select really effectively happen us and Rockwell Collins and we are both aligned and moving the Army forwarded ready to go and I think that voice common from two competitors in the Space, I think, it’s resonating with the Army. So if anything that could encourage that procurement to move faster rather than slower. So, I think, that’s kind of where we see at the moment.
Rob Spingarn: And your plan -- do you have a sense of when that production work would start the two of you?
Bill Brown: In terms of the full rate production?
Rob Spingarn: Yeah. Yeah.
Bill Brown: Well, it’s probably the backend of our fiscal ‘18, maybe into early fiscal ‘19. Look, I think the Army still wants to field, your right out of the gate, 60 BCT’s and that could happen in two and four, could happen all six, we don’t really know exactly what they are going to end up doing. But that’s probably more like we have fiscal ‘19 revenue event for us as opposed to fiscal ‘18, the order could happen, in the best of cases towards the backend of fiscal ‘18. That’s kind of where we see it right now. But when you look at the budget and where the Army wants to move, even the recent testimony it has in September, always in favor of moving forward at significant quantities of the HMS manpack. So, I think, it’s very encouraging what we are seeing in the last couple of months.
Rob Spingarn: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gursky of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Gursky: Can you hear me okay.
Bill Brown: Sure. Jason, good morning.
Jason Gursky: Okay. Great. Good morning. Bill, I wanted to go back to the Space business for a moment if we can and then you talk a little bit about some of the dynamics that are going on there, both on the Classified and in the Commercial side of things. On the Classified just give us a sense of where you are seeing longer term growth trends going maybe the scope of those growth trends here over the next few year? And then, on the Commercial side, DoD has been discussing moving towards a more commercial procurement model, particularly on the Communication side of things. I was wondering how Harris is going to potentially play in that and kind of what that dynamic means just in generally speaking for the satellite industry. Thanks.
Bill Brown: Sure. Yeah. Let me maybe hit a couple of key points and if Rahul, do you have anything add jump in. About two-thirds of the Space business is in the Classified domain. We see the budgets up sort of single digits. We see that continuing over the next number of years as far as we can see as a visibility to it. The Classified budgets are coming up and we get a little bit of color within the topline, we can see where the money is being spent and I feel that it is growing faster in areas that Harris has developed capabilities. So our high-end exquisite sensors, as well as our pretty innovative creative small sat type solutions, and so -- I feel very good. Rahul said, for the year the Classified business will be up mid-single digits in Q1. It was up a bit stronger than that. We continue to see good solid order trends and the pipeline here is quite good. The Commercial business of the Space and Intel business which mostly commercial reflectors and GPS, that business will also be up pretty strong this year about double-digit. And again, we talked about -- some of the awards we’ve seen. In that commercial reflector business we have got a strong global share. It’s a commercial model driven business where we invest our own R&D to develop that offering. We sell it into the marketplace. It performed exceptionally well on orbit, almost no failures with very, very high margins. And we have been running at about two reflectors a year over the last six years and over last two years we were at about four per year. So it’s kind of double and we see another five or so that were bidding opportunities in our fiscal ‘18. So we continue to see that commercial reflector business ramp. The place that we are seeing some softness in the year is really in the Environmental Solutions business. We’ve talked about that over last couple of quarters, part of it is program transition where we’re moving from the build of the GOES-R satellite systems, so the -- the onboard optics as well as the ground processing system is moving in a sustainment. And there we are seeing just some budgetary pressure from where the Trump Administration wants to go an environmental scientist. So we factored that into our guidance. We see the Environmental business, which more or less is about $350 million to $400 million in size being down mid-teens for the year. So we saw that in Q1. We see that over the balance of the year and beyond kind of stabilizing a little bit. So that’s kind of where we sit today. The pipeline overall for that Space and Intel business is pretty robust. It’s up about 4%, 5% year-over-year, $11.5 billion to $12 billion. So we continue to see good health in that Space and Intel business, and again a lot of it’s from Classified and lot of it is that based on the last five year, six years of investments in IRAD that position us in some places that, frankly, where -- the -- our Classified customers are moving towards with disaggregated resilient response of solutions. So Jason that answer part of your question, let me stop there and see if there is anything else you want to have clarify.
Jason Gursky: No. That was great. I appreciate the color. That’s it for me.
Bill Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Bill Brown: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Can you remind me, so the Environmental programs that are declining in Space and Intel, what quarter does the start going against you?
Bill Brown: They started in Q1. So we saw in Q1 the Environmental business rolled down about 10% to 15% and that -- about 15% and we see that about the same for the balance of the year.
Rahul Ghai: That’s little bit worse, about the same for Q2 and then maybe little bit worse in the back half of the year.
Bill Brown: Lot of it’s, Noah, is the roll-off of the GOES-R program which was last year, plus we’ve got a couple of sensors that we are developing for these NASA NOAA satellites. They call the JPSS, the joint polar satellite system and then the 3 and 4, I think, they call Polar Follow-On, so they change the name on it. But we have got some sensors on that and there had been some funding pressure around the Polar Follow-On mission, which is JPSS-3 and -4.
Noah Poponak: GOES-R was declining in the back half of last year?
Bill Brown: GOES-R was kind of overall flat, Noah, ‘16 to ‘17 was kind of flat and then it declined substantially this year.
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. Historically, this year we have little bit the back end of fiscal ‘17, I remember the satellite launched in November of 2016, calendar ‘16.
Noah Poponak: All right. Yeah. I guess, I am wondering, is just, you grew, the segment grew 3% in the quarter despite the Environmental programs headwind and the guidance for the year is flat to up 1, you have to be basically exactly flat for rest of the year to be in that range. So you would have to decele from the first quarter, even though you grew in the first quarter with the headwinds and even though the year-over-year comparisons in the back half of the year are much easier? So does that headwind accelerate for the year or is there something else that goes against you later in the year that didn’t in the quarter?
Bill Brown: No. I think, Noah, I think, you have got most of it. So the headwind does accelerate a little bit on the Environmental side. Classified we are expecting about 5% for the full year. It grew about 8% in Q1, so not as stronger growth in the Classified side on the back half of the year.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then, similar question on the margin and the segment, I mean, you are sort of 100 basis points above the high end of the range in the first quarter, you would have to be much lower the rest of the year to get into the low -- certainly the low end of the range. What changes in the margin for the year in Space and Intel?
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. And those margins, typically fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, depending on the mix and we have some lot true-ups on a couple of program and that helped margins in Q1. Having said that, the margin was strong and -- in the first quarter and you really feel good about where the margins -- where -- about the full year guidance for the segment or margins.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Okay. Great. So then, one other question on the, I guess, in the legacy Harris domestic tactical radio business. I had sort of always brought up the model as the legacy base business, which I estimated and maybe even said made it to about $300 million last year and then we are sort of layering on all the new program win and just sort of assuming and it felt like even hoping that the $300 million legacy base before new programs business that just hang on to $300 million, because there is some reason to believe there could be cannibalization of that as new programs came on line? And then when you announced this maybe win about a month ago sort of made one come to the realization that actually about $50 million piece of that $300 million, if the IDIQ conversion holds, now is itself tripling and so why, I guess, is that true of that maybe piece of that business? And then two in the remainder of that $300 million, is there anything that is going to shrink considerably over the next one year, two years, three years or is there anything else in there that has the potential to grow in size as much as of that Navy business just that for you?
Bill Brown: Yeah. I think, you are about right on the $300 million in terms of base funding and that that has been relatively stable over last couple of years. We do see depends on what -- where you characterize some of the readiness investment we saw in Q1. Of about $100 million in order, so does that sort of go into base or is that an upsize sort of the mix of the two, but you are largely about right. The Navy IDIQ award is very encouraging coming in and it was sole-sourced Harris to replace something that expires, so it was fully exhausted the prior contract vehicle. And what I think it reflects is, if you look in the slide deck and you will see out of a couple of years the Marine Corps is going to start to modernize. It happens in, I think, it’s in the fiscal ‘19, fiscal ‘20 timeframe and its start to grow quite large and I think the IDIQ vehicle is size such that it compensates for, it allows us for that modernization at Marine Corps to happen. So that will be beyond our fiscal ‘18, it will start in ‘19 and ‘20. That, I think, Noah, is actually encouraging for us overall for where we see the business growing to beyond fiscal ‘18.
Noah Poponak: Yeah. Is there anything else in the -- so in the remaining $250 million of the $300 million ex that Navy fee, anything else in there we should be watching out for that, has the contract renewal coming up or that has some meaningful potential to grow a lot going forward?
Bill Brown: No. Nothing to point to. No. It’s going to be relatively stable. It’s going to be reset in spears and repairs and things that we typically do. There is a number of [ph] 17TGs (47:33) in the inventory. There is 152A. There is SINCGARS radios that had some flow-through. It is not big but flow-through there. There are going to be some investment over the next couple of years in terms of this crypto mod upgrade. They won’t replace all the radios in DoD inventory by the NSA Cert -- the deadline which I think is in 2021 is the timeframe. So there have to be some investment to upgrade the cryptography on the legacy radios that are sitting in there. So there is really nothing specific to the point to, Noah, and we will talk more of that that as we see it over time, but we see it relatively stable.
Noah Poponak: Got it.
Bill Brown: Yeah.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Brown: You bet, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sheila Kahyaoglu of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Bill Brown: God morning.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Just on ES if I could, maybe follow up, is there -- that’s also trending above the high-end of your segment guidance. What sort of driving the balance for the rest of the year?
Rahul Ghai: Sorry, Sheila, could you…
Bill Brown: Are you talking Sheila on ES, if I hear that right?
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Can you hear me better.
Bill Brown: Okay.
Rahul Ghai: You are asking Electronic Systems, I didn’t break it the front…
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Yeah. Exactly. Just the margins trending better in the quarter and what changes throughout the year?
Rahul Ghai: Yeah. So, Sheila, again, the margins kind of, same thing on Space, the margins do fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and that’s why we don’t provide kind of quarterly guidance on margins. But the fact was that we are makes a little bit more skewed toward fixed price program that helps and also there were some closeout on fixed price programs in the quarter that helped margins as well. So, again, really good start to the year and we feel good about where the year happens to be or guidance happens to be for full year.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. And then, just F-35 program, how do we think about if you could size it for us or how do we think about the build rates and potential content wins and what that means for the Harris growth rate for that program for ‘18?
Bill Brown: Yeah. Look, we have good content on F-35. It’s just over $2 million for shipset that we provide the common component -- avionic components backplane, liquid-cooled racks, things like that. We also provide the antennas for the -- they call the metal the multifunction data link. And then we also provide release systems as well, so the carriage and release. We talked about an award we received in Q1 associated with F-35 release systems. So, overall, it’s just over $2 million. We are on, well, I think, LRIP 10 on the release systems in LRIP 12 on the…
Rahul Ghai: Avionics.
Bill Brown: … common components and the avionics systems, there’s been a lot of conversation around block buys. We are working with our partners on that is to how they might flow in and get shaped over the course of the year. But we’ve also won some recent content. We own the aircraft memory system, which was a big important win for us. We won the panoramic cockpit display electronic unit, so they head down display electronic unit and that adds, call it 5% to 10% roughly to the content for shipset and that will flow in over time. So we are performing very, very well. We have very high delivery rates. We have been working strong with our partners and taking cost out and driving improvement for the liability we’ve invested in open system technologies. So we have an opportunity to compete for a new mission system to open system over time and we are very competitive in that space. So, overall, we think F-35 is going to be a good -- has been and we will continue to be a good story for us, Sheila.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: Thank you. And then, Bill, just a last one, you mentioned later radio program?
Bill Brown: Yes.
Sheila Kahyaoglu: If you could just provide RFP timeline for that and just a sizing of that opportunity?
Bill Brown: Sure. The RFP is out. The proposals are in. We expect an award sometime in early calendar ‘18. It will build off of the existing rifleman radio IDIQ was -- the IDIQ was contemplated originally at $3.9 billion to include the possibility of a two-channel radio. That in fact is happening. And we will provide some small number of radios for testing in the early part of next year and will ramp for us in fiscal ‘19.
Operator: And our final question comes from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Hey. Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard: Bill, you commented already, but one thing I thought it worth asking, and you highlighted a very strong book-to-bill in Q1. I was wondering if you sort of thing pull forward into the first quarter and whether the assuming continue resolution might have any impact on DoD orders in the quarter?
Bill Brown: Not particularly. There were, obviously, Australia was an important component to that in the CS business, but even excluding that we had very good book-to-bill internationally in DOD. We actually saw a couple of things that moved out of September and October that we had hoped would happen in September. But -- we are on good track for them in Q2. And again similar good trajectory right now in Electronic Systems, as well as Space and Intel, so nothing in particular that I would characterize as a pull forward because of the end of the fiscal year. I mean, as we normally see, as you know we normally see that at the end of fiscal year September that tends to be a big booking month and was again, but nothing unusual that we saw this year relative to the prior years.
Rahul Ghai: So just to put final…
Robert Stallard: Okay.
Rahul Ghai: Sorry, Rob, just to put a final point on that and even so overall our book-to-bill was 2.3, sorry, 1.6 and even if you exclude Australia it was 1.45. So and compare that last year it was about 1.20. So even excluding Australia the book-to-bill was really good.
Bill Brown: Yeah. Yeah.
Robert Stallard: Yeah. I have follow-up to ask, the attempt to nail this down annually than quarterly, are you still confident that you will have a book-to-bill over one times for the year?
Bill Brown: Yes. We believe it will be more than one. In fact it should be, I wouldn’t substantially, but because of Australia and the CS segment, we are much more confident there in more substantial book-to-bill for the year.
Robert Stallard: That’s great. Thanks go much.
Bill Brown: Sure. Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. Before we end the call, I would like to make sure we thank the Harris team for delivering a strong quarter despite the impact of Hurricane Irma to our Florida operations, which as many know has more than 6,000 employees. The storm passed early on a Monday morning. We partially restarted operations on Tuesday and we are back to nearly 100% by Wednesdays and this remarkable was within 48 hours and I am very, very pleased and proud of the team performance. I am also proud that our customers experienced no significant disruption of service, including the FAA which relies on a network operations center here in Florida to monitor air traffic across North American airspace, as well as the first responders that we support throughout the state of Florida. So we responded very, very well and I’m very pleased and proud of the team. Overall we had good start to the year. We are confident both our fiscal ‘18 and medium-term outlook. We are in an environment where defense budgets are coming up, the technology solutions we provide are aligned with the mission priorities of our customers and very importantly, we have a dedicated team that’s geared towards exceeding customer expectations and delivering shareholder value. So thank everybody for joining the call and we will speak again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings call. On the call with me today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris' SEC filings. In addition, discussions today will include non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Anurag, and good morning, everyone. We ended fiscal 2017 on a high note, with fourth quarter earnings per share up 15% on top-line growth of about 1%. For the year, earnings per share was up 8% to $5.53, on organic revenue down about 0.5%. Despite slightly lower revenue, we expanded operating margins 50 basis points to 19.2% and generated record free cash flow of $850 million, 123% of income which is well above our guidance of $800 million. Total company book-to-bill was 1.02, driving increasing backlog and setting us up for return to growth in fiscal 2018. On each of our quarterly calls this year, I've updated you on our progress against strategic priorities. So, let me just quickly recap the key highlights for the year. We successfully divested CapRock and IT services with combined revenue of $1.4 billion. The sale of these two non-core businesses generated more than $1 billion of net proceeds. We completed Exelis integration, achieving $145 million of net annual run rate savings versus our initial estimate of $100 million to $120 million. Integration concluded a full year ahead of our original baseline plan, without any business disruption and while also making operational improvements in several Exelis' business areas including the SENSOR program, GPS III and Night Vision. We generated a record $850 million of free cash, which when combined with divesture proceeds, netted over $1.9 billion of cash inflow. We returned almost half of that cash or about $900 million to shareholders through the largest stock repurchase program in our history and dividends, which increased 6% in fiscal 2017, and 17% annually over the last decade. The remaining half of that cash we used to de-risk the balance sheet in two ways. First, we paid down debt by $575 million, bringing our total debt repayment since the Exelis acquisition to $1.3 billion and tracking to our debt reduction commitment by the end of fiscal 2018. Second, we prefunded our pension with $400 million, which creates future cash flow flexibility, and when combined with asset returns, as we reduced our pension deficit by $1 billion or about 40% in the last year to now $1.3 billion. And then finally, we continued to invest in technology, spending about 5% of sales on internal R&D and leading to several new product launches and strategic program wins in fiscal 2017. In Communication Systems, we've swept recent DoD modernization awards, earning a position on all five programs over the last four years, with the latest being a $255 million sole-source IDIQ from SOCOM for the next-generation multi-channel manpack radio. In Electronic Systems, we strengthened our EW position on legacy platforms and were recently selected for a critical role providing phased array antennas for the C-130J RF Countermeasures system. And through our investments in open systems, we've increased our content on the F-35 with recent wins to provide the Aircraft Memory System and the Panoramic Cockpit Display Electronic Unit as part of Tech Refresh 3. These two wins continue to demonstrate our ability to provide innovative solutions and position us well for future opportunities as the F-35 and other platforms move towards open architecture systems. And in Space and Intel, our investment in advanced space technology has enabled us to launch hosted payloads including an ADS-B transponder and other sensors on the Iridium NEXT satellite, which will provide persistent real-time tracking of ships and aircraft globally. Over the next two years, more than 200 of Harris' reprogrammable hosted payloads will be flying on this new Iridium constellation. This IRAD investment has also allowed us to win two classified small sat programs in the last year, while we launch our own multi-purpose small sat as a capability demonstration and risk reduction effort. This sets the foundation to capitalize on future small sat growth as the government and commercial markets move towards more disaggregated and affordable space solutions. Rahul will walk through the details of fiscal 2017 results, but overall, we've had a milestone year in which we've reshaped the company, while delivering strong financial and operating performance and returning record cash to shareholders. For fiscal 2018, we expect to continue to build on that momentum and continue our strong performance, growing revenue across all three segments, maintaining margins through operational excellence and maximizing cash flow with balanced capital deployment. For the year, we expect earnings per share up 6% to 9% on revenue growth of 2% to 4%, and another year of record free cash flow. As we've all seen in the fiscal 2017 Omnibus as well as the 2018 President's budget request and Congressional marks, the U.S. government funding outlook is improving and the vast majority of Harris programs are well supported, in particular within the DoD for our tactical business and in the intelligence community budgets. Internationally, we see similar trends towards modernization of capabilities and increased defense spending. These global trends coupled with our positions on growing platforms and important mission areas are translating into a very robust set of opportunities spanning all segments, resulting in an overall Harris pipeline that is up double digits over the past year to more than $30 billion. A final comment before turning the call over to Rahul. I know there's been a lot of recent press coverage about the Army reevaluating a tactical network architecture, a process that Harris is deeply involved in and supportive of, and I remain confident that the Army will move forward on upgrading the lower tactical tier, including the manpack and handheld programs. There is a need to replace legacy SINCGARS radios with modern, multi-channel radios that could simultaneously transmit voice and data, are software upgradable over time, meet new mandated NSA crypto standards and can interoperate with other U.S. and coalition forces. These are undisputed requirements, and our products are ready today. The procurement process continues to advance, funding has increased in the 2017 and 2018 budgets and just yesterday, we received the delivery order for an additional 101 radios, which allows the Army to test deferred threshold and operational requirements before moving to full-rate production in the first half of calendar 2018. So, let me turn it over to Rahul to walk through the financial results and fiscal 2018 guidance, and then I'll share some further thoughts about our medium-term outlook. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As a reminder, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude Exelis integration and other costs. Turning now to segment details on slide 6. Communication Systems revenue in the quarter was $449 million, up 3% versus prior year. Operating income for the segment was up 22%, resulting in margin expansion of 500 basis points from higher tactical radio volume, integration savings and the benefits of operational excellence initiatives. Legacy tactical revenue grew 28% in the quarter and was about flat for the year versus previous guidance of down low-single digits and down high-single digits at the beginning of the year. This strong performance in legacy Tactical resulted in full year segment revenue down 6% versus our previous guidance of down 7%. Following the end of the CR, DoD tactical procurement picked up with the Air Force placing a $23 million order for radios for MRAP vehicles, and we ended the full year revenue growth of 3%, better than our previous expectation of flat revenues. In international Tactical, revenue was up 37% in the quarter over a relatively weak compare from last year. As expected, Eastern Europe continues to be an area of strength and we also saw positive signs in the Middle East with an order from Iraq and growth in the Asia Pacific region. Improving conditions in the international tactical market throughout the year resulted in full year revenue being down 1% versus our prior expectation of a mid single-digit decline and a mid-teens decline at the beginning of the year. Regarding the Australia opportunity, in June, we have received a $19 million order to conduct risk reduction and planning activity for Australia's Phase 3 modernization program. And in mid-July, the program was approved by Australia's DoD Investment Committee. Following that, letter of intent was issued to Harris for an order of approximately $260 million for part of the Phase 3 modernization. This order is expected sometime later in the first quarter. For full year fiscal 2017, segment revenue was $1.75 billion with operating margin of 29.9%, up 80 basis points versus prior year. This margin improvement was driven by synergies and the team's continued focus on cost and operational excellence. Book-to-bill for the segment was well above 1 in the quarter, with strong bookings in PSPC and legacy Exelis Signal and greater than 1 for the year even with Australia moving base to the right. In Public Safety, although revenue was down 8% in the quarter and down 5% for the year, we had a solid book-to-bill driven by a $75 million contract from a utility company to upgrade the legacy analog system to a digital network. Additionally in July, Public Safety was awarded a five-year, $461 million IDIQ contract with an initial $10 million order from the U.S. Army to upgrade and modernize existing land mobile radio infrastructure. Electronic Systems on slide 7. Electronic Systems was up 4% for the quarter and the year versus full year expectation of up 3%, driven by continued strength in electronic warfare, the ramp of UAE battle management system and a strong fourth quarter in avionics. Operating income in the quarter declined 15% as the ADS-B program continues to transition from build-out to sustainment. For full year fiscal 2017, operating income was up 5% with margin expansion of 30 basis points from 20.3% to 20.6%, driven by solid program execution, a contract adjustment in the second quarter, and higher pension income. This was partially offset by the ADS-B program transition. Book-to-bill was slightly than 1 for the quarter, but above 1 for the year. In addition to the new avionic content wins in F-35 that Bill spoke about, the avionics business also received a $30 million order from the Navy for 300 ejector racks for F-18s, and an initial $10 million order to develop ejector systems on the Korean Next-Gen Indigenous Fighter with significant future production potentials. We also continued to see positive momentum in other parts of the segment, including $64 million order for the U.S. Army's MET terminals and a $36 million award to implement surveillance capability at seven airports. Space and Intelligence Systems on slide 8. Revenue in Space and Intel was down 4% for the quarter and as expected was about flat for the year. We saw continued solid demand in the classified programs, offset by the wind down of some environmental programs, particularly in the back half of the year. Segment operating income in the quarter was flat. The full year fiscal 2017 revenue was about flat, operating income was up 8% with margin expansion of 120 basis points from 15.2% to 16.4%, driven by solid program execution and higher pension income. Book-to-bill was slightly less than 1 for the quarter and the year while we continued to see strong bookings from our classified customers, including for space superiority programs like the SENSOR contract, where we received additional orders of $63 million from the U.S. airports. In other areas, we received a $51 million production order for payloads on GPS III vehicles 9 and 10, and a $32 million follow-on contract for the GOES-R program. Moving to slide 10 for fiscal 2018 guidance, today, we initiated fiscal 2018 revenue guidance in the range of $6.02 billion to $6.14 billion, up 2% to 4% for the year, and EPS in the range of $5.85 to $6.05, up 6% to 9%. We expect total company margin to be between 19% and 19.5%. Fiscal 2018 EPS guidance reflects about $150 million in share repurchases for the year and an effective tax rate of 28.5%. 2018 tax rate is consistent with our performance in fiscal 2017 and reflects the effect of the stock compensation accounting change which we adopted in fiscal 2017 and the benefits of various tax planning activities. We also expect to pay down $600 million of debt in fiscal 2018, which will achieve our debt repayment commitment and we would not expect any further net reduction in debt over the medium term. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $850 million to $900 million. We ended fiscal 2017 with working capital of 43 days, a six-day improvement over 2016. And fiscal 2018 guidance reflects continued improvement in working capital performance and capital expenditures of about $130 million. For segment guidance, growth in all the segments. Communication Systems revenue is expected to be up 3% to 5%, with DoD up double digits, from growth in modernization revenue and International about flat to down modestly. Modernization growth in DoD will primarily be in the second half of the year, as we start to ship handheld radios for the Special Forces and manpack for the Army. The guidance for DoD and International includes both legacy Harris and Exelis product line, reflecting the integration of the two legacy operations and our current management of the business. Slide 14 provides historical orders, revenue and backlog for the combined legacy Harris and Exelis businesses, which we expect to report on a consolidated basis going forward. Public Safety is expected to be about flat. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 29.5% and 30.5%, reflecting the impact of new program starts and incremental systems work, offset by benefits from operational excellence programs and fixed cost leverage from higher volume in the Rochester factory. Electronic Systems revenue is expected to be up 3% to 5% driven by higher avionics revenue from backlog growth in fiscal 2017, strong electronic warfare revenue and the continued ramp of international battlefield management system. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 19% and 20%, reflecting the remaining transition of the ADS-B program from build-out to sustainment, partially offset by volume growth and additional pension income. In Space and Intelligence Systems, revenue is expected to be flat to up 1%. Classified business representing about two-thirds of the segment is expected to grow mid single-digits as we leverage (18:42) synergies between Harris and Exelis, build on strong customer relationships and benefit from growth in the intelligence budget. However, this growth will be partially offset by program transitions and incremental budget softness in the environmental business, which is expected to last for most fiscal year. Segment operating margin is expected to be between 16.5% and 17.5%, reflecting operational efficiencies and additional pension income. Turning now to fiscal 2018 EPS bridge on slide 11. We expect the ADS-B transition to bring EPS down by $0.22. We started seeing the impact of the transition in the second half of 2017 and it will continue through first half of 2018. This headwind will be mitigated by lower share count and interest expense from our capital allocation actions in fiscal 2017. Increase in segment operating income from higher volume operational efficiency savings and increase in pension income will contribute an additional $0.30 to $0.50 to EPS, resulting in EPS guidance of $5.85 to $6.05. With that, let me now turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay, well. Thank you, Rahul. I wanted to close out our prepared remarks with a few comments on our growth outlook beyond fiscal 2018, given what we're hearing from customers about mission and funding priorities and potential budget trajectories. As indicated on slide 12, we expect top line growth to accelerate in almost every one of our businesses beyond 2018. In Communication Systems, we expect to start seeing the benefits of DoD modernizations towards the back half of fiscal 2018, which will continue to ramp in fiscal 2019 and beyond. Our International Tactical business began to stabilize over the past six months and we expect to return to growth in the medium-term as the Middle East comes out of a trough and Australia and UK modernizations get underway. The growth in the tactical business coupled with a modest recovery in Night Vision and Public Safety, will lead to accelerating mid-single digit growth in the segment. In Electronic Systems, we see growth across the board. Our electronic warfare business has a solid and growing pipeline of upgrade opportunities on international F-16, plus upgrade and new builds on U.S. and international F-18s. In avionics, we'll benefit from the volume ramp and new content wins on F-35, plus new platform wins in classified areas, KFX (21:18) and others that are still being competed. In C4I, we have the opportunity to significantly increase scope on the current battlefield management project in the UAE and leverage that success to expand to other Gulf countries. In mission networks, which include our air traffic management business, while we see near-term pressure from the ADS-B transition, it will be offset in the medium-term by International growth. As a result, we expect the strong momentum in Electronic Systems to accelerate to mid-to-high single-digits. In Space and Intel, we continue to see strong and accelerated growth in the classified area, driven by budget increases and expansion in the new adjacencies. We also expect increasing momentum in commercial space from recapitalizations. Growth in classified and commercial along with better compare in environmental and other civil areas, including a win on the recompete of GPS III 11 plus will drive low-to-mid single-digit growth for the segment. Overall, the combination of our strong competitive position and inflecting budgets along with continued excellent operational execution will drive mid single-digit top line growth, higher earnings and a $1 billion in free cash flow. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from Jason Gursky of Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I was wondering, Rahul, if you could just provide for us in terms of bridge between net income and cash flows this year, talk a little bit about some of the moving pieces on working capital. I know you guys have been working hard to drive better efficiency there, so just kind of what's baked into guidance for this year? And then, maybe some comments on the longer-term outlook on working capital and maybe how much more we have to go on getting efficient there? Thanks.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So your question, Jason, was on the fiscal 2017 free cash flow or fiscal 2018?
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: 2018, I'm sorry. Yeah, to be clear, 2018. Yeah.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. So the big thing – so there are two ways to look at this, Jason, one going from kind of 2017 to 2018. The big piece is we were targeting about three days improvement in working capital, and we got six. So, it was slightly increased benefit from working capital in fiscal 2017 versus fiscal 2018. And most of that was driven by some collections that we are forecasting in July that came in early in June. So that creates a little bit of headwind for us. Also keep in mind that our revenue is growing up. So, as we continue to improve working capital base, the contribution from working capital in dollars will not be that much. So, as we look from 2017 to 2018, the big drivers will be reduction of integration and restructuring cost that we had this year, about $10-ish million of working capital dollar improvement, while we continue to improve our days, and does get offset by some increase in CapEx. So that's kind of the bridge between 2017 and 2018. And going from net income to that, I mean it's depreciation, and basically offsetting some of the non-cash pension income and some improvement in working capital and the D&A. So, it's pretty standard stuff. So, longer-term, it's the same, the drivers of getting to $1 billion (25:02) have not changed. As we look from where we end fiscal 2018 and going to $1 billion, it will be driving working capital improvements, and continuous improvement in capital efficiency. I think Bill has mentioned before, I think in the last four years, five years that we've done a great job of reducing our CapEx. And as we've taken 2 million square feet of our floor space, out of our consolidated business between Harris and Exelis, that continues to drive a lower CapEx. And then growth in top line will drive earnings growth. So, those are the big pieces of getting to a $1 billion.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I mean, let me just add here, I think I'm very, very pleased with our cash performance in fiscal 2017. As Rahul said, we came down by about six days versus what we expected was three, which is extraordinary performance, and we feel good about it. A little snapback in next year, but not a lot. We do see a little bit more opportunity in working capital performance, 43 days is pretty good, maybe a little bit more over time, but getting beyond where we're at in 2018 is going to hinge a lot on earnings growth, net income growth and that's what we expect to see that bridge from 2018 guidance to $1 billion a couple of years out. So, thank you, Jason.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. Bill, I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the Army review that you referenced in your introductory remarks and sort of what's prompted it, what do you guys think the Army is kind of looking for here, what are some of the things they might come back and ask for, what in their view is some of the shortfalls for Communication Systems at this point and to what extent is WIN-T a pacing item for HMS and other things that you're involved with, if it is at all?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah Seth, thanks for that question. Look, OSD CAPE commissioned a study that's been led by this firm called IDA, the Institute for Defense Analyses of the Army communications network and it was something that was required in the 2016 NDAA. And they did a lot of work, they came out and talked to a few different companies, not a lot of time with us, but they scoured the commercial landscape a little bit in the defense base. They came up with the report. It was issued in the spring. The chief then out-briefed that to industry and other players. In that out-brief, he expressed in terms of concerned what he really needs to see is a network to your question, he's looking for, as you would expect, assured communication, assured connectivity, so it has to be secure, it has to be simple and intuitive, able to be operated, implemented, maintained by soldiers in the battlefield, resilient, maneuverable and I think an important element he wanted to make sure it's upgradable, so that he is not hardware constrained. And that's where I think there's a great opportunity for us at Harris because through a commercial model, we invest our own money, we develop the radios on our own nickel, we build headroom into our radio platforms which allows those radios because they are software defined to be upgraded over time to do applications, new waveform, new waveform technologies and that's where we see an opportunity here. What they've decided to do is, is split their analysis into three pieces, sort of the upper tactical tier, the lower tactical tier which is the radios, the manpack, the handheld, and an application. And I think because you'll see two things, one is the budget is growing in 2018, which the Army is supportive of and then importantly the delivery order that came out yesterday, which is encouraging them to move forward on manpack testing early next year, I think there are encouraging signs that the Army sees they can separate the upper and lower tactical tier, they have to connect over time, but they could be separated and we can move forward in the lower tactical tier as they evaluate what they want to do with the upper system, which is effectively WIN-T.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, Bill, I wanted to ask about U.S. foreign military financing, just because it's been in the headlines in the past about the potential for cuts, can you give us a sense of how much of your international radio levels are FMS funded. And then maybe, what you're seeing as the trends in the 2017 budget that was approved and in the 2018 request as well?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Look, Pete, it's a good question. About 40% of our International business is funded by the U.S. government. So, 60% national funds, about 40% by the U.S. government. Frankly, we're seeing very good trends in U.S. support for our international partners. The total amount of the funding was around $7 billion or so in the 2016 budget. It grew to about $11 billion in 2017. The marks are around $13 billion in fiscal 2018, when you look at the where the President is at is where the House and Senate happen to be. The buckets are moving around a little bit. A lot of support for counter-ISIL, so it was Iraq and Syrian Train and Equip is now counter-ISIL. Afghanistan, Europe you see the ERI, the European Reassurance Initiative still support for Ukraine, South China Sea, there's a Security Cooperation Fund. So, there's lots of different buckets. But the funding trend is actually quite positive, and it's important for us because, again about 40% of our International Tactical business is funded by the U.S. government.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. That's great, very helpful. Thank you. And my only other one I had was on UK Morpheus, so I just wanted to ask you, because I thought it was a 2021 start, but it seems like you're talking about that more, have they accelerated that program?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: No, it's still sitting out there in that 2021 program, but GD was awarded a study program, it's about £330 million, if I remember the number right. Basically, where the UK MoD wants to go is developing a open architecture, non-proprietary system or the system design is owned by the MoD, GD is helping with that. There are some programs that we're starting to win associated with that for the tactical internet backbone radio. But we see this as a big opportunity for us. It will be beyond 2020. We have something like 50,000 or 60,000 Bowman radios there and we do see that to be a good opportunity. And frankly our very strong position across all of the services in the U.S. is going to help us a lot I think in the UK. So, we're very optimistic and it's going to progress probably several years out.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Pete.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: So, I remember last quarter I think you talked about some expiring funds as of 09/30 and I was wondering if you could update us on that and give us some flavor for what ex-Australia, the RF tactical book-to-bill likely sits in the September quarter?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, that's a very specific question, not just the year, but looking at just the next quarter. Look there is some expiring fund, Gautam, and our team up in Rochester is really all over that as you know them well and expect them to be and we expect them to be. And because we could move very, very quickly and a lot of our products are required in some of the markets like Ukraine, where there are some funds that are expiring, we're pushing very hard for that, we're hopeful that we can pull some of that into Q1 here. Beyond that, I won't comment on book-to-bill for the quarter for that tactical business, but I would say for the year, for fiscal 2018, we should all expect that book-to-bill to be reasonably above 1, just given the fact that that very sizeable Australian order shifted into fiscal 2018 and should help us in the full year, driving the book-to-bill over 1 in that business.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Could you quantify what level of funds are in fact expiring by the government fiscal yearend?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I think that's probably findable, I think it's little north of $100 million in that range, which of course, we're going to go for part of that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Sure. Okay. And then on Australia, so assuming you book it this quarter, how quickly do you start to ship on it and could you remind us again of the profile of it, I remember the radios, we're sort of at the backend and some of the systems integrations at the frontend, if you could just give us some flavor on how much revenue from Australia is booked into the current fiscal year and how much you expect to get in subsequent years?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Sure. Look, we are confident it's going to come here in the first quarter. I think, as Rahul pointed out, the Investment Committee approval was very substantial, getting a letter of intent following that was very important. Getting an advanced order, if you will, for some risk reduction activities in Q4, again was very encouraging for us. It only has to go through the National Security Council which is scheduled at the end of August. So, we're feeling pretty good that it's going to come in that range that Rahul mentioned, around $260 million. As we said last time, it's about a three-year program. It's going to roll into 2018. It'll ramp a little bit more in 2019 and 2020. This year, we think it's going to be about $60 million more or less of revenue and then the balance in the out years. And yeah, the radio is a little bit further in the backend, but overall margins I think will be reasonably good for that particular program and won't dilute the overall segment margins given where our guidance happens to be in fiscal 2018.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: And the only other thing, Gautam, I would say is that given the order that we got in fourth quarter allowed us to keep the program on track with some of the development, risk reduction, and other work, so that way the slight delay in order did not impact the revenue profile, so that was important.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then given the pipeline metrics in prior quarters, I was wondering if you could update us DoD versus International? And then also what your current thinking is for timing of the manpack orders? It's still the spring of next year, and therefore not much in the way of revenue is assumed from the HMS Manpack program in the current fiscal year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, Gautam, look on the DoD side, the pipeline is about $1.5 billion. So, it's up a little bit from last time and up pretty substantially from the beginning of the year as we start to see more of the modernization opportunities come into the pipeline. So, it's about a $1.5 billion, the International is around $2.5 billion. The shape is, it is not changing a whole lot, a lot of it is Middle East, but that's not changing a lot. And it's pretty much in line with where we were last quarter around $2.4 billion. So, again very healthy and continued healthy pipeline associated with the tactical business. Now in the manpack, like I said, I'm encouraged about this delivery order that we got yesterday. It ships in the early part of next year. I think the data is sometime early in April. They will do a field base risk reduction effort, and that will be in the April, May, June timeframe. We'll get some guidance in the coming weeks on the RFP time range. I think it's probably still in that March, April, May timeframe. If there's revenue in the manpack, it will be very late in fiscal 2018. It could shift into fiscal 2019. But right now, we still see at least some coming at the back end of the year, certainly some revenue associated with this delivery order.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: You bet, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Bill, so what's down in International next year, because you just quantified Australia as a not insignificant chunk of revenue relative to the size of International Tactical comm, and then sounds like no let up in Europe, sounds like you're saying Middle East is recovering and I think that's off a fairly low base. So, what's going against it that keeps that flat in 2018?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Look, I think we're coming off of a better year in fiscal 2017 than we thought. I'm very, very pleased with where we've come up. Europe has been the star of the year. We had hit record levels and far above what we thought it would be. CALA was very, very good, and we saw Canada being very strong in fiscal 2017. So, as we go into 2018, yes, we do see good growth in the Middle East, both Saudi because of the (38:10) order that we booked in our Q4 for the SINCGARS product line has been sitting out there for several years; it's finally been booked. We sized that before in this call at around $40 million. That's going to roll into next year. We see Iraq starting to come back a little bit, and we're seeing a lot of strength in the Africa region both in Northern Africa, as well as sub-Saharan. So the whole Middle East, Africa region is going to recover into next year. I think that's a good sign. Now Asia-Pacific is coming up largely because of Australia, but a few other countries are also important contributors in fiscal 2018 in Asia. Central Asia which has been relatively weak, largely Afghanistan, Pakistan will be about flat. But as we look out in the future, the offsetting piece is going to be Europe, and it's going to be in the Central American, Latin American region. Europe, I think will remain strong, but it's not going to be at that record level that we saw in 2017, so we do see that coming back off a little bit in 2018.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So, just some tough comparisons there.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's going to be tough comparisons in Europe. Same thing as well as in the CALA region, and again like I said, we had a really good year with some quick term funding in Canada, and that's going to come back off a little bit. So those are the three markets that will offset what I think is good trajectory in the other regions.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. When you were speaking to the medium-term growth framework by segment, and definitely appreciate you providing that color, because I think the investor base is looking further out here than your average company. When you said accelerating mid-single-digit in Communication Systems, that sounded conservative to me, but then you said upper-single in Electronics, so it sounds like that's really what you see in CS. I guess, could we dig a little further into that, because in my model, if I just assume the old base business grows 5%, International grows 5%, Public Safety grows 5%, just kind of mid single-digit for those items. With how I have the ramp laid out for the new programs, you've mentioned you've swept. And obviously the ramp on those can look – there's a wide range of outcomes for that ramp, but just there's so much new revenue flowing in that it's hard for the total business to not be well through that 5%, which is also at the high end of the range of what you have this year with some headwinds. So what's going against that description I just laid out because that gets easily into the double-digits. What am I missing?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I think you laid out a very good picture on the DoD side, in tactical, I do see that part growing very fast. It's going to come off a fairly low base, and there's very good support of modernization and that could cause that part of the business to grow very quickly. Again, keep in mind, it's coming off, if you look in the back up in the page around $390 million, $400 million of revenue. So it's not a big piece to start, so very significant double-digit growth which we do expect in that business beyond 2018 is – it won't be the biggest driver. You mentioned, Public Safety, mid-single digit 5%, I think it's going to be lighter than that. Night Vision could be a little bit lighter than that. The biggest part of the segment is International...
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: ...and a lot of that segment going to grow mid-single digits or high-single digits is going to hinge on whether all of the cylinders are firing across all regions on international. And, right now, we see next year flat to down modestly, but then growing beyond that, again, because of Australia, UK, Middle East, but again depends on whether all the pieces come at the same time, Noah. And let me just comment on the (41:51) because you mentioned that. I'm really pleased with our bid activity, our pipeline activity, the wins we're seeing there, and it's really across the board. So we're feeling very good about that. So mid-to-high single-digits to me is very, very achievable in that segment, and it's coming off a very high margin as well.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: What's assumed for Army manpack in that statement of accelerating mid-single digits for CS?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it follows what's happening in the funding trajectory. We do see growth in fiscal 2018. It's going to probably come at the backend. It depends on when the RFP happens and when deliveries actually occur, but it's going to follow the budget picture which is growing quite substantially.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, okay. Thanks a lot.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Howard Rubel of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. First, could you address, Bill, a little bit this ADS-B headwind. I mean, it's a substantial number, and what does sustainment mean versus just build out of the network?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I'll ask Rahul to just comment on that.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah. So, Howard, ADS-B, I mean I think this contract goes back to 2007, 2008, when Exelis started it. The first phase ended, which was kind of the build out phase, ended in September 2016. So, it ended kind of Q1 of our last fiscal year. Then, we got some extension and one-time award and all that for settlement. So, realistically speaking, it kind of ended Q2 last year. So, we started seeing the ramp down on margins, and it's a fairly – because it was build out, going to more sustainment, there're still very, very healthy margins, but it's not at that level that we've been getting. So that's – we've kind of been talking about it. We spoke about it in the Q3 call as well as we were seeing that come down. So it creates whatever $0.22 of headwinds on EPS for us and to be largely be in the first half and then the margins stabilize and kind of stay at that level for going back next four years.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right, final. I mean, can you just put a kind of general size of revenues on this. I thought it was a couple of hundred million dollars, is that right, of what it used to be?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: It'll be slightly north of $100 million in fiscal 2018.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: And it was just under, at a high, like $160 million, $180 million in that range in the 2016, 2017 fiscal years.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Just two more questions. One is if – you've had this manpack slip and while you have some positive wins on some of the other radio programs, the Army is not going to stop taking radios in the intermediate term. So, what are you going to end up or what are you going to end up being able to bid for or sell with this push out in the modernization program?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well look, it's not just Army, we sell radios throughout the services and I wouldn't discount the significant wins that we have with SOCOM taking on a hand-held side, which will start to deliver the back half of the year. And if you look back a couple of quarters ago, we launched a new HF radio, and Harris is positioned in HF globally, it's very, very strong. And we launched our radio with 10x data rate. It's just fantastic and it's picking up a lot of traction. And I think that's going to pick up some traction particularly in SATCOM-denied, SATCOM-issue, SATCOM-concerns and I think that's going to get some traction in the Army next year as well. So we see that. We also see opportunities to sell more 117Gs is into the Army for just improving readiness. So we see a number of different opportunities in the Army, but again I think the manpack is still sitting at the backend of our fiscal 2018 network.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: I mean, Bill, maybe what I'm trying to say is that, they are not going to buy nothing for a period of time while this testing continues to go on because the Army is marching in a lot of different places and using systems. So even though this is split to the right, there's ongoing just operational needs which will be filled in with some of your core products. Is that a fair conclusion?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: That's very fair. That's exactly what we're seeing. We don't know exactly when that will be or the shape of that but we do believe they're going to continue to buy, and I think it, as I mentioned, some of our 117Gs, it could be the new HF radio. It could be a variety of different things. So you're exactly right, Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you, Bill. And then, finally not to ignore Space for a moment, I think you said a number of new items or a number of new things there, and if you could just elaborate a little bit. First, it would seem as if you won some additional sensors on some new commercial satellites for inventory, if that's correct? And then second, could you elaborate a little bit on what you're doing in terms of building a new satellite? I think you said, and then maybe talk about some of the new architecture applications?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Sure. We've talked about that on this call several times where the Intel community is moving towards more disaggregated capabilities which could be hosted payloads on various satellites or it could be small satellites and we're a significant player on both of them, the expertise that we've developed and demonstrated through the hosted payloads which are now flying on Iridium NEXT is proving our presence in some ways on HPL, on hosted payloads. Within a couple of years, we'll have more than 200 payloads flying, which is probably the market-leading position. And we won a couple of important contracts to develop, design small sats for the community. And we're going to fly our own small sat to reduce risk so it demonstrates our ability to have a mission that is our own entire soup to nuts satellite. So we're going in that direction. This I think is very positive for us and it shows our agility, our nimbleness, our willingness to spend R&D dollars to commercialize that technology. On the commercial side, and you referenced that briefly, we actually had a very good year in fiscal 2017 on commercial reflectors. We won about five awards. We were winning sort of two a year in years before that and we've got a great pipeline coming up. So we do see continued growth in the commercial reflector side within Space and Intel as well. So I don't know, if I answered your question, I think that those were the two pieces you're asking about Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: No, this is great, Bill. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Sullivan of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Josh.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Can you just provide some color on that U.S. Army LMR network upgrade I believe for Public Safety. Does that help change kind of the growth profile for the segment?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I don't think it's going to be a huge driver, it's a big IDIQ, our competitor won the same sort of IDIQ. We both got a $10 million initial award. It is sized on the order of sort of $20 million to $40 million. At least it's been running at about $20 million to $40 million a year. I think the big difference here is that we've not been able to participate in those awards because we weren't on the contract vehicle. It was effectively sole-sourced. So it opens up a market opportunity for us. We have lot of relationships intimacy with our omni-customer and I do think that we have a good ability to compete there, again sizing it. It has been running at $20 million to $40 million in that range. Could it ramp faster than that? It's possible. But that's how I would think about that one, Josh.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just on the growth profile for Space and Intel next year. Can you just expand on the program transitions on the civil side, I think with some environmental programs, anyway to scope or timeline that for us?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Sure. The classified business is actually going pretty well. It's about two-thirds of that segment and we're tracking at or slightly better than where the classified budgets are going. We had some indications of where they're at beyond 2018 and they see within some of the specific areas. And I think it actually supports our business and our business model pretty well. So we could see it continue in next year and beyond growth in the classified side. The commercial reflector business, which isn't that big sort of in the $50 million, $60 million range, but we see that business growing a little bit. The piece that is down next year and it's down double-digits, is on the environmental side, environmental solutions or weather, and part of it is the transition from GOES-R or GOES-16 program, which we had from Exelis, both the AVI sensor onboard as well as all the ground processing that legacy Harris was doing. So, that was a reasonably good-sized program that will be down double-digits going into fiscal 2018. We also see in the budget outlook some additional pressure on some of the NOAA/NASA program supporting global weather as we see a little bit of pressure there. But beyond 2018, we see that leveling out a little bit and we see that business stabilizing going beyond 2018 and the 2019 and beyond. And we do still see some good international opportunities on the weather side, both with international partners as well as with the defense base, because the Air Force has to upgrade its weather capabilities in places like over CENTCOM, and we think we have an opportunity to help them with that.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, good. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Rahul, a quick question for you on the cash flow, in fact the free cash flow deployment. I think I've got it right to say you expect to spend another $600 million on debt pay down and $150 million on share repurchase. So, assuming you get to your free cash flow guidance, what will the rest of the cash be allocated on?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: There will be dividends. So, we expect to generate between $850 million and $900 million. We typically keep kind of $300 million of cash. We ended the year with $484 million. So, we've got about $200 million extra as we start the year and we will deploy that about $600 million for debt, $150 million for stock buyback and about $270 million-ish for dividends. So, that's the layout.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then, Bill, one for you. On the medium-term guidance, is this assuming that operating margins stay roughly stable versus fiscal 2018? And what are your thoughts on what free cash flow conversion would do during this period? Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. We expect our operating margin to stay at this very high level. We're sort of running in the 90%, 90.5% range, which is very, very strong, strong in the segment and we feel great about it. We expect operational savings to offset any pressure on inflation like on wages or new program starts and we'll hold that very substantial high-teens margins into the out years, which means very good drop through into operating margin growth – operating profit growth, which as we continue to grow our cash flow, we'll see cash conversion consistently above our net income simply because of our ability to drive cash growth in our high depreciation amortization that's in our net income. So we continue to see over 100% of free cash to net income. And when you look out beyond 2018 and things that just Rahul just talked about, we don't see any incremental debt pay down required beyond 2018, which means we have a lots of opportunities to deploy that free cash either with share buyback or to M&A, which will be an accelerator on earnings per share growth beyond fiscal 2018 and that's how we see that playing itself out.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's great. Thanks so much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you all for joining us and participating in today's conference call. If there are any further questions, please feel free to get in touch with me. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Anurag Maheshwari, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thanks, Chanel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings call. I'm Anurag Maheshwari. On the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First, a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris' SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where replay of this call also will be available. With that, Bill, I will turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Anurag, and welcome to your very first earnings call, and good morning, everyone. Anurag has recently taken over as Head of Investor Relations from Pam, who retired from Harris after 20 terrific years. Anurag has been with Harris for about three years, leading business development in the Asia-Pacific region and previously worked in private equity in Singapore for about seven years. He and I also worked together at United Technologies in Singapore about a decade ago, and we're very pleased to have him here at the corporate office. So earlier today, we reported third quarter results that extend our strong year-to-date performance as we continue to deliver on our strategy. Our key priorities for the year have been to focus the portfolio on our core technology-differentiated businesses, deploy capital in a balanced and shareholder-friendly way, drive operational excellence, including flawless integration of Exelis, and continued invest- to position the company for long-term growth. Last week, we achieved an important milestone with the completion of the sale of IT Services that we announced in late January. This transaction marks the fifth asset sale in the last four years, as we've shaped the company around our core franchises where technology differentiates our solutions. The sale of CapRock and IT Services, along with year-to-date free cash flow, has generated $1.5 billion that we are using to buy back stock, deleverage, pay dividends, and pre-fund pension. We remain on track to execute $700 million of share repurchases in fiscal 2017, a record for Harris in a single year. Between share repurchases and dividends, we will return about $950 million in cash to shareholders this fiscal year. We still plan to use $400 million in proceeds from IT Services to pre-fund the pension, freeing up future cash flow, and we continue to deleverage as planned, paying down $575 million in term loans and other debt through April, and bringing debt repayment since the Exelis acquisition to $1.3 billion of our $2 billion goal. Exelis' integration continues to progress well through the third quarter, with all projects near completion, as we generate an incremental $50 million of synergies in fiscal 2017. We expect to exit the year at $145 million of run rate synergies, higher than our initial estimate of $100 million to $120 million, and a full year ahead of our original plan. Moving forward, we'll continue to drive productivity, lower cost, and improve program execution as we extend operational excellence, best practices throughout Harris. Our progress on these strategic objectives is reflected in solid third quarter and year-to-date results. Despite organic revenue down about 3% in the quarter, operating margin was a strong 19%, and non-GAAP earnings per share was up 2%, to $1.38. Year-to-date organic revenue was down about 1%, operating margin up 50 basis points, and non-GAAP EPS up 5%. Free cash flow was $164 million in the quarter and $410 million year-to-date, as we enter what is typically our strongest cash quarter. Total company book-to-bill was 1.0 for the quarter, and greater than 1 year-to-date. As a result of our strong year-to-date performance, we're tightening our guidance for fiscal 2017 and now expect revenue down about 1%, the midpoint of prior guidance, and earnings per share of $5.50 to $5.55, slightly above the previous midpoint. Free cash flow remains unchanged at about $800 million. And before turning the call over to Rahul to go through the details by segment, let me provide some high-level color. Legacy tactical revenue continues to trend better, up 1% in the quarter, with international up 8%, driven by strong growth in Europe and Latin America. Europe remains a solid growth area following a record fiscal 2016, driven by a broad-based modernization effort across Eastern Europe, in particular in Poland and Romania in the quarter, and Ukraine earlier this year. In Latin America, we continue to build on the momentum from the first half with an even stronger third quarter, resulting in significant double-digit year-to-date growth from modernizations and counter narcotics programs. International tactical continues to trend to the upside, with revenue down about 10% year-to-date, versus down 19% in the first half. And we now expect international tactical revenue to be down mid single-digits for the year, versus the prior high single-digits guidance. We expect a strong fourth quarter on an easy compare to prior year, with solid backlog coverage and line of sight to the remainder. DoD tactical revenue, as expected, was down about 20%, driven by an extension of the CR through April and cautious buying behavior. With revenue up 1% year-to-date, we continue to see DoD about flat for the year, which implies Q4 being about flat as well, with a large part in backlog or funded with fiscal 2016 budget. Overall, we're now seeing legacy tactical to be down low to mid single-digits, an improvement from down mid to high single-digits in the prior guidance. Army and SOCOM modernization programs are progressing and are well supported. In the pending omnibus package, the HMS program is fully funded at $274 million in GFY (7:24) 2017, up significantly from the prior year and matching the House Defense Appropriations Bill that was passed in March, indicating strong continued support for Army modernization. On SOCOM, we submitted the Manpack proposal in February, with the decision expected this summer, and we remain on track to complete the development of the two-channel handheld and begin product deliveries in the second half of our fiscal 2018. Electronic Systems was flat for the quarter and up 3% year-to-date, driven by the ramp of the UAE Battlefield Management System program and strong double-digit growth in electronic warfare. Our outlook in electronic warfare remains positive, with a solid and growing pipeline of upgrade opportunities on international F-16s, where the installed base is over 500 aircraft plus upgrades and new builds on U.S. and international F-18s. We also see strong growth in the avionics business, with two consecutive quarters of strong orders for long-term platforms like the F-35, F-18 and P-8. In Space and Intel, we were down 3% in the quarter, but still up 2% year-to-date with growth largely driven by classified customers where we continue to expand into new adjacencies. Although, we had good growth in the first half, it's being offset by a few program transitions moving from development into sustainment in the second half and more recently by a few task orders and commercial opportunities slipping into fiscal 2018. As a result, we now expect revenue for Space and Intel to be about flat in the year. With the pipeline that had grown by 8% to more than $11 billion over the past year and our continued the high win rate, we remain confident in the long-term outlook for the business. We're now in the final innings of fiscal 2017 and we're encouraged by our year-to-date results and confident in our expectations for the balance of the year. Congress will be voting on an omnibus package later this week and I'm hopeful for a positive outcome. As we look to fiscal 2018, all of the components for top-line growth are coming together, forming an inflection point for Harris. Fiscal 2017 share repurchases will offset much of fiscal 2018's dilutive effects from divestitures and our operational excellence agenda will continue to lower costs and contribute to earnings growth in 2018 and beyond. So, let me now turn the call over to Rahul to walk through our financial results. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As a reminder, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude Exelis integration and other costs. This quarter, we transitioned to a three-segment reporting structure and results and guidance exclude both CapRock and IT Services, which are reported as discontinued operations. Turning now to segment details on slide 5. Communication Systems revenue in the quarter was $461 million, down 5% versus prior year. Tactical Communications revenue was also down 5%, but legacy tactical was up 1%, driven by international which grew at 8%. Year-to-date backlog for legacy tactical is up 5% to $421 million. Operating income for the segment was $140 million, compared to $151 million in the prior year due to lower volume. Year-to-date segment revenue is down 9% with operating income down 10%. Year-to-date operating margin of 29% is down 60 basis points versus prior year due to lower volume partially offset by synergy savings. However, operating margins have trended sequentially higher for three consecutive quarters. Book-to-bill was slightly below 1 for the quarter, with strong bookings in Public Safety and Airborne radios. This quarter, we received a $36 million order for Small Tactical Terminal airborne radios, which will be integrated onto a growing number of diversified air platforms across an expanding customer base. And following the close of the quarter, Public Safety was awarded a $75 million contract from a utility company to upgrade a legacy analog system to a P25 digital network. Space and Intelligence Systems on slide 6. Segment operating income in the quarter was up 1% and revenue down 3%, compared to prior year as higher revenue from intelligence community was more than offset by few environmental and space programs that have transitioned from development to sustainment. Year-to-date revenue is up 2% with operating income up 11%, resulting in margin expansion of 130 basis points from 15.2% to 16.5%, driven by solid program execution and higher pension income. Book-to-bill was more than 1 for the quarter, driven by strong bookings from our classified customers. This quarter, the classified business received a $500 million, single-award IDIQ contract from National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, with an initial task order of $15 million to perform search and retrieval services for geospatial products. We also received $28 million and $18 million in follow-on contracts to support U.S. missile warning, missile defense, and space surveillance missions under the SENSOR program. Electronic Systems on slide 7. Electronic Systems now includes the financial results of the air traffic management business that remains with Harris after the IT Services divestiture. Segment operating income in the quarter was up 4% on flat organic revenue compared to prior year as higher revenue from electronic warfare solutions and the continued ramp of UAE integrated battle management system was offset by lower revenue from wireless products and the ADSC (13:36) program transition from build-out to sustainment. Year-to-date revenue is up 3%, with operating income up 12%, resulting in margin expansion of 170 basis points from 20% to 21.7%, driven by solid program execution, a contract adjustment in the second quarter, and higher pension income. Book-to-bill was slightly below 1 for the quarter, with strong bookings in avionics and air traffic management, including a $72 million follow-on contract to provide engineering services for next-generation air traffic management weather initiatives, and a $72 million follow-on contract for Sonobuoy Launching Systems for the U.S. Navy's P-8 antisubmarine aircraft. Additionally, we've received a $25 million follow-on contract from the U.S. Air Force for electronic warfare demonstrations. Moving to slide 8 and 9 for fiscal 2017 guidance. Given our year-to-date performance, we now expect organic revenue down about 1% for the year at the midpoint of the previous guidance, excluding prior-year revenue from the Aerostructures business. Full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance, which excludes Exelis acquisition-related integration and other charges, has been narrowed from a range of $5.40 to $5.60 to a range of $5.50 to $5.55. As previously communicated, full-year EPS guidance reflects about $700 million in share repurchases for the year, as well as an effective non-GAAP tax rate of 28.5%. In segment guidance, margins now reflect the reallocation of FAS pension income, stranded cost and the accounting of discontinued operations related to the CapRock and IT services divestitures. These reallocations differ by segment resulting in modest impact to segment margins. In Communication Systems, we now expect revenue to be down about 7% versus down 7% to 9% in the previous guidance, with Harris legacy tactical now down low to mid-single digits. Segment operating margins are now expected to be about 30%. In Space and Intelligence Systems, we now expect revenue to be about flat versus up 1% to 3% in the previous guidance. While classified business remained strong, it is offset by some task orders and commercial awards that have shifted to their right (16:10). Segment operating margins are now expected to be about 16.5%. In Electronic Systems, we now expect revenue to be up about 3% at the midpoint of the previous guidance. We continue to see strong growth in electronic warfare, F-35 UAE battle management programs, partially offset by softness in wireless products and the ADS-B program. Segment operating margins are now expected to be about 20.5%. Free cash flow guidance of approximately $800 million is unchanged. This guidance excludes pension pre-funding, which will be reported in operating cash flow. This pre-funding is in addition to our annual contribution of approximately $188 million for a total pension contribution of approximately $588 million for fiscal 2017. As I mentioned last quarter, this contribution fully funds our pension on an IRS basis and eliminates mandatory contributions of about $200 million for the next few years. During the third quarter, we launched a $350 million accelerated share repurchase or ASR program and we'll initiate an additional $250 million ASR program in the fourth quarter. We remain on track to repurchase about $700 million of shares this fiscal year. On slide 10, we have provided historical financials of the business on a continuing operations basis that reflect reallocations of stranded cost and FAS pension to the three-segment structure. We will also be filing an 8-K with restated total company financials. And with that, let me turn to the operator to open the line for questions.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Chanel, we are open for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Jason Gursky [Citigroup]. Your line is now open.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Jason. Good morning.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could spend a few minutes discussing, with a little bit more detail, the comment that you made about the Space Systems pipeline of $11 billion. Can you just talk a little bit about where that pipeline is from an end market perspective, and the cadence that you expect on those awards over the next couple of years, and when that revenue stream might actually begin to accrue to the company? Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure, Jason. Thanks for the question. Yes, so we're very pleased with where the pipeline happens to be. It's pretty significant. Again, it's up about 8% year-over-year. Keep in mind that Space and Intel business is about two-thirds in the classified space, and those budgets are just becoming revealed as we see what's coming through the Omnibus. So, we know that there's been strong support for the program that we happen to be on. Opportunity will come to fruition over the next several years. Our win rate in that segment is very, very high. It's north of 70%. So, we feel good when we see the sort of size of the pipeline growing, with us entering new mission areas. And the high level of our successive win rates, we feel pretty confident those opportunity to materialize over the next several years. I really can't characterize exactly when that might happen, but we do know that those will happen over the next several years. They come in a bunch of different areas. There's a number of classified programs on the ground side, and we talked about winning a pretty significant ground adjacency very recently. There's been a lot of attention and a lot of focus on space superiority, significant investments in protecting our overhead architecture, and Harris is in the middle of that. We've also had some substantial wins in our ground sustainment program, we call SENSOR. That's coming through performing exceptionally well on the task orders. We bought Exelis as a program that was legacy Exelis, the delivery rate was something like around 30%. This past quarter, it was about 100%, so we feel very, very good about that. So, there's been lots of really good performance, and I think we're executing very, very well. And on the commercial side, we've seen a couple of the reflectors that had slipped out of the year going into fiscal 2018; but our commercial space, the reflector business, also looks pretty robust. We see at least 10 different opportunities over the next 24 months coming to fruition. Our win rate there is actually quite high as well. So, that's maybe a little bit more color, Jason.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. That's great. And then, maybe just one number-related question is, when you get close to return to growth here over the next year or so. Can you talk a little bit about the impacts of that growth on working capital, and whether we should expect working capital to become a source or a use of cash as you return to growth? That's it for me. Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. Well, thank you for that. In fact, we've seen – so far, year-to-date, we've seen working capital build, even though our revenue is down a little bit. We do expect in our fourth quarter fiscal 2017 for that to reverse, which would get us to our $800 million target for the year in free cash flow. And that's with about – in the high-40%s in terms of days of net working capital, so pretty good step-down from where we were at the end of Q3, but in line with, or maybe a little bit better than where we were ending in fiscal 2016. And we do see a little bit more opportunity with that so, it will be important for us to keep managing our working capital levels very, very aggressively as we return to growth over the next three years.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. And congrats on getting all these transactions done.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Carter. Good morning. Thank you.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Bill, I wanted to just ask a clarification to start off. You may have commented about fiscal 2018 being an inflection point, and the repos offsetting the divestiture, dilution, and cost savings. But I just want to – just wanted to clarify that you still expect to organically grow EBIT as we transition to next year, and that's part of that inflection? And the other thing I wanted to ask about was, just in terms of the order momentum in legacy tactical, I know the revenues have been strong in Europe, but maybe if you could speak to the – what the book-to-bill looks like there, and maybe also hit in international, the kind of the latest color on Australia, which I know is still sitting out there? Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Carter, I think you covered quite the gamut on that one. So, let me start with the first one. Yeah, we do expect to return to top line organic growth next year, and there's a number of contributors to earning per share next year. Certainly revenue's going to be one, we continue to drive hard on our OpEx agenda. We typically take out 2% to 3% net of cost every year, in terms of normal operational excellence and that will be a contributor – certainly the share repo that we're doing now will be a contributor going into next year. We don't see as much pension tailwind. We don't see as much synergy tailwind as we saw this year. So there's lots of puts and takes, but we do expect to grow earnings per share into fiscal 2018. Maybe I'll start, and maybe Rahul can jump in a little bit on the tactical side. We saw a very good momentum through the year in our legacy tactical business. Europe has been a very, very strong performer for us this year and it keeps getting incrementally better. A lot of it is in Eastern Europe. I mentioned a few countries that were important in the quarter. Poland, Romania, they remain important. Ukraine was in the earlier part of this year. So, we feel very good about that. The Central American and Latin American region also remains very, very strong for us. The offsetting areas remains Central Asia, where it's in a transition period. It's very low. It's a lot of headwind for us this year. Not seeing that that's going to (25:45) turn around into next year. The Middle East has been soft, but we're starting to see some glimpses as some orders flow through there, we saw some even in early April some movement and some good support on what it seems so far in the Omnibus. So, we're seeing good support for our international business, and I'm encouraged with the trends. We do expect for a company to end with a book-to-bill about one, as well as NCS (26:13) as well as within the tactical business. And an important part of that is Australia. As Australia comes through at the back end of the year, you will be well above one in the tactical business. We still think we get about one even with Australian doesn't book. So in Australia, the opportunity is just under $300 million. So, that $250 million to $300 million range is part of the $1 billion-plus multi-year opportunity in Australia. We're deep in contract negotiations with them. It's going to happen right at the back end of our fiscal year, so the end of June, and we're tracking towards that. You'll be given any big international opportunity. It could slip into July or August, but we're right on the edge of that. We're in deep negotiations. It's going to come to us. We know the size. The scope has been now well defined, so we feel very good about the progress now in Australia. So, I think I hit on the points.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, you did. And I'll say on Communication Systems, Carter, the other part of the growth next year would be in the Electronic Systems space. Bill mentioned the opportunities on the EW platform with F-16s and F-18. So we expect electronic warfare to continue to grow and the C4, the battle management system win in UAE is going to drive growth in our C4I business, so those would be the other two contributors for growth in fiscal 2018.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, nice quarter.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, Bill, one top level type of question. I'm just curious as to your thinking as you kind of finish up fiscal 2017 here as a more focused defense electronics company. And it seems like the budget is starting to improve your visibility. Why is it so? I'm just trying to get a sense from you in terms of how you think about the company growth-wise, just notionally over the next few years whether or not we'll get the DoD budget outlook. And do you think you can outgrow the DoD budget growth more in line or for whatever reason below that? I'm just curious as to how you think about the company at this point?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I think I would say once we see where the President is going over the next five years, what we've seen so far is a 2017 Omnibus that's apparently going to go to his desk at the end of this week and some indicators, some high-level indicators for the shape of a budget in 2018, which certainly shows the DoD with substantial growth, DHS with substantial growth. We think the Intel budget is going to comp a lot, at the offset of some other parts of the government. So, there's a lot of room between now and then and really understanding the 2018 budget, how it's shaped and then beyond that. But I would say, Pete, given everything that I've seen, in fact, anything was viewed (29:04) of the budget even under the sequester (29:05), we'll see the DoD budgets getting better. So we're at a great point. We've worked very, very hard as a team to streamline our portfolio into businesses where technology can differentiate where we have good strong positions in businesses that are aligned very clearly with where the DoD and our customers are moving with key mission needs. So we feel very good about where we happen to be. I mentioned this last time. I think the fact that the portfolio is more streamlined allows the management team to focus more on businesses where we know we can drive shareholder value. And I don't want to understate that. I think that's a very, very important part of this whole dynamic of shaping of our portfolio. So we all feel good. We feel good we're set up to grow in 2018 and beyond. We still have opportunity to do better on productivity. That's an everyday event, but I'm pleased with how we've executed on the portfolio of transformation. I'm pleased with how we've executed on Exelis integration, the investments we've made in R&D to position ourselves for growth at the time when the budgets are inflecting. So, I think all things are looking very positive for the company.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, great. And I'll just ask one quick program – question. I'm not sure if you mentioned enough. This new one, the SOCOM wideband HF Manpack, do you have kind of a sense of a schedule for that program?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's going to follow the SOCOM Manpack program, which we are now in – we put in our final offer very, very recently. We expected award on that this summer. The HF program will come behind that. It's part of three different programs for SOCOM, handheld, the Manpack and the HF radio that it's been estimated that will be $900 million of opportunity. Obviously, we won the sole-source single – two-channel handheld. We're in the mix on the Manpack. And frankly, on the HF side, Pete, that's a position where we've launched some products recently with NSA certification. We have a very, very high share of the global market on HF, so we feel very good about our prospects on that radio as well. More to come as we get through the Manpack.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. Bill, now that you've finished with – or you've largely finished with Exelis, I recognize you don't rest and you're going to do something next. How do you – and these other reshaping of the enterprise. So how do you think about some of the operating targets that you won? And where do you expect you might be able to find some incremental synergies or other operational efficiencies in the enterprise?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, look, I mean in terms of just our focus right now is delivering against guidance here in 2017 and making sure that we're set up to deliver growth in top line and bottom line in cash next year and capture all of the opportunity that we think we can capture within the budget as they're being shaped. I really like where the portfolio happens to be. Going back five years, I think the step we took to invest more in IRAD, when most people are pulling back, if you just go back five years, we're up about $100 million a year incrementally in IRAD in this company and that is in all the different franchise programs that we're now set up to perform on. In fact, a lot of the wins we're seeing come from some of the investments we've made over the last three years to five years. So, I feel very good about where we happen to be. There is always more to do on the cost side, as I mentioned a minute ago. Our operational excellence agenda is maturing. We're sort of four years, five years into it with a decade-long journey. There's lots of more things that we can do including streamlining and simplifying a lot of our systems across the company. So there's a lot more that we can do. I think we're set up to continue to perform into the future.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: And just to add to that, Howard, where we're focused on the Exelis side is driving integration. I think the next part of the journey would be taking this HPX culture. The build's been (33:20) driving on the legacy Harris side now into Exelis, and we see some really good opportunities to continue to simplify operations and streamline the business there on the Exelis side. So there should be some cost take-out opportunities on the Exelis side going forward as well.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC: I mean I think the SENSOR program is probably one of the best examples of that whole process, and my guess also is moving Fort Wayne to Rochester is similar. Just as a follow-up, now that you're – just on two products, one on FAA. As you transition to ADS-B to maintenance, I mean I believe you have the opportunity to sell the data, and then also could you just talk for a moment about the evolution of GPS III and the opportunities there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, sure. Let me start on the FAA side. So you're right. I mean the ADS-B system, we own about 640, 650 towers. It was built by the Exelis team. That build-out is complete. It's now in a sustainment mode and we do own the data rights on ADS-B. The equipage today, I think, is just over 2,000 aircraft right now, so it's not – and all the aircraft have to be fully equipped by early 2020, so we're still on the front end of the evolution of that business and that marketplace. I think where there's an opportunity going forward is now trying to use that broad array of towers to enable the UAS into – UAVs into the North American airspace system. That I think could be an important and distinctive technology for allowing UAVs into NASA (35:11). So I think there's some encouragement on that piece. On GPS III, as you know, Howard, we're under contract for space vehicles 1 through 10. 9 and 10 were awarded late last year. For long-lead materials we see some other opportunities for 9 and 10 coming up very shortly maybe this quarter. 11 through 32 is being competed. It's a two-phase process. There's three different bidders on that. We partnered up with Lockheed who is our – who will be providing the payload today on GPS III. So again, it's in two phases. There's a first phase, a production readiness with some small amount of money and then it goes to a more substantial competition. I think the award is some time out in the spring of 2019 and it's likely to be of those 20 space vehicles, 10 awards, maybe 10 auctioned. We are developing a fully digital payload for that, so it's not – we'll provide today to GPS III not fully digital, but we're investing in that, and we expect to be a player and supporter for Lockheed on 11 through 32.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure, Howard.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Australia award and how quickly you expect it to convert to revenue, A); B), given you now have more color on the scope, what the anticipated margin profile of that program is going to be relative to the rest of the legacy tactical comms?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Look, the Australia program, first of all, is, we've been in some very detailed negotiations with them for some period of time. We're in the phase 3 of a multi-year phase. It's a broader systems offering. We have a number of people on our team. I mean, again, we're expecting an award on this and order booking towards the end of our fiscal year. It'll be again $250 million to $300 million. We'll see revenue flowing off on that program over the next, probably three years or so. And the margins are, I think, pretty strong. So I don't really want to say specifically where we happen to be. But they remain pretty strong in that program, and really any of the systems programs that we happen to have inside the company. So I don't see any sort of pressure on the CS segment going forward because of the Australia margins.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And so, to your point, though, it will deliver over three years. It's not like a quick turn type of order.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: It would be. Gautam, it's something that the pieces – there are two pieces. There is system integration and then providing the radios as well, in that order. So – yeah, so I think we should be able to get revenue from that in 2018.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Secondly, could you give us – in prior periods, you've sometimes given your pipeline figures for DoD and international, RF tactical. Do you have those numbers?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Do you have them handy?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah. So on the international side, Gautam, our pipeline is pretty steady. I mean it's around the same $2.4 billion-ish where it has been. It kind of keeps moving in and out with opportunities coming. So there is really not a lot of change to the international pipeline. And the typical areas that it comes from is also kind of the same. Iraq continues to be one of our bigger opportunities. And then Australia, we're still tracking that. As we mentioned before, that's a – long-term, that's about a $1 billion opportunity with, obviously, the upfront award. So the geographical distribution has not changed much. The size overall has not changed much. And I think, on the DoD, the pipeline is up slightly over where we were. I think it's now north of about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. And so that's where that thing is, and I think that's up over where we were last time.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And on Iraq, in prior years, I remember, I think, it was the December quarter a couple – a year ago – you had a $66 million order. Could you frame for us how big the Iraq opportunity still remains to be, and what you anticipate booking in the next 12 months with Iraq?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We do see a couple of opportunities moving down the path in Iraq, Gautam. I mean, I'm not sure we'll give you specific to a country in the next couple of months. I mean, I think, just to step back a little bit, Iraq is still a very big opportunity in our large pipeline, and Rahul just went through about $2.4 billion. Iraq is on the order of about $0.5 billion, so it's a very big opportunity. Those – you know, they're starting to move through the pipeline. I was very encouraged to see, in the Omnibus, continued support for, they call it now, counter ISIL train and equip (40:24), but there's also an Iraq train and equip (40:26) fund that was set aside, with substantial amount of money that expires at the end of this fiscal year. So by September, it was something like $300 million. So, there remains good support by the U.S. Government for equipping in Iraq. So we still see that to be a big opportunity, and it's going to materialize over the next – probably couple of years, that's really the shape of our pipeline. I don't think I want to call it anytime in the next couple of months.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And just last one, do you have any preliminary view on how much legacy RF tactical could grow in fiscal 2018?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I don't think we're going to comment on 2018 as a whole, or even a specific sub-segment of the company. As we said before, we do expect that 2018 will be a growth year for the company, and I'll leave it at that. I think you could see the trends in what's happening in the DoD budgets and where we happen to be as a DoD tactical business. But I don't think we'll comment on a specific business until we get out and close on 2017 and shape the whole company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, thanks very much, and good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Bill, I heard you say that you're still expecting a selection on Manpack in the summer. Are you still expecting orders and shipments by late in the calendar year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes, Seth, there's two – I use the word Manpack loosely, there's two Manpacks. One is one for SOCOM. And we have put in our final proposal the award we expected this summer, it will go into a developing phase and we see revenue coming off of that more likely in our fiscal 2019, not 2018. On the (42:23) Manpack, is now into customer testing and there's three vendors on that. We think our offering has performed and performing very, very well. The Army has recently told us that there will be now two steps. They expect that they're going to have an interim field-based risk reduction step in order to verify some of those deferred threshold requirements, and we expect an order of about 150 units more or less in our fourth quarter, same order for (42:57) the other two players in the space, it will get delivered at the end of the calendar year or go into some additional testing. And then what now they're expecting is that there will be an order for now up to six but Brigade Combat Teams, or BCTs, versus the original two that will be split between two vendors. So it's a total of 3,800 radios, 1,900 apiece. That will be awarded sometime in the February-March of calendar 2018 period, which will be revenue for us as being one of the two vendors at the back end of our fiscal 2018. So, a little bit of a shift on the Army Manpack program, again, very, very encouraging that the testing goes on, we're performing very well. The money is in the budget which is very encouraging, what we saw in the Omnibus, as well as a substantial increase in the number of BCTs that are going to be fielded by the Army from the Manpack program. So I think that's very encouraging news to us.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. That's very helpful. And second question on air traffic control, how do you think about the impact of potential privatization on Harris, or is there any impact?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes, well, Seth, well, thanks for that question. The FAA is one of our biggest customers across the company. It's more than $0.5 billion. It's a very large partnership, significant partnership we've had with them and it's been for the last couple of decades. As you know, we have the base FTI program which has been very stable. They've been (44:29) for a long period of time performing exceptionally well and then a number of NextGen programs. I think, look, there's been a lot of debate. It's not a new debate. It's been happening over the last, probably, couple of decades. I think what's different now is, it appears the administration is now getting behind privatization. I think if it goes in that direction, the transition period is probably at least five years because of the size and complexity of the FAA system, the North American Air Traffic Control System. So I think it's a multi-year transition. We don't think that there's going to be any near-term impact mainly because the programs that we're on are essential programs. There's very strong support for the NextGen programs, including in the recent Omnibus. All of the airlines even support the NextGen programs. So, we feel very good that we will not be impacted, certainly not anytime in the near-term, by any discussion on privatization, but I can tell you there's a lot of distance between now and having that finally approved. There's a lots of different voices in this including from the general aviation community, the DoD. A lot of people who have airports in their backyard that won't let them (45:44) impacted. So there's a lot of room between now and something being definitize on privatization, so we'll watch and see how it plays out and keep you posted on it.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard of Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Bill, you mentioned that there'd been some impact of the CR in the quarter. It might be tough, but can you sort of size what you think the impact could have been across your various businesses over the last three months? And then perhaps, more importantly, when do you think it could be caught back up?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, look, we've calibrated pretty well in the year based on the CR, so we felt our tactical business was well calibrated and coming in today, keeping the DoD about flat for the year sort of is testament of the fact that it was reasonably well calibrated. In our Electronic Systems business, we have our wireless products. (46:46) more of a short-term product type business, has seen a little bit of an impact but not enough to take us off our game in Electronic Systems. So we feel that our business and where we happen to be has been well calibrated. We originally guided at the beginning of the year flat to down 2 (47:05) as a company and now we're down about 1 (47:07), so right in the middle of the range. So I think we have been well calibrated and I think that remains the same today.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then a quick follow-up on the numbers, it looks like the Exelis integration costs have moved up a little bit by $5 million for the full year. I was wondering if you could comment on what's behind that. And then looking into next year, what sort of level of integration costs you might be expecting for the next 12 months?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Most of the integration costs are going to be behind us by the end of the year. The total for the program is about $250 million. Most of that's now spent. Net is going to be about $200 million. So it's up a little bit. It was $35 million and now it's about $40 million. It's restructuring. It's integration costs and a little bit of restructuring around the stranded cost reduction activities, but we think we're pretty well captured in that $40 million estimate.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So, just to make a final point on that, Rob, the step-up is not due to Exelis integration costs going up. But we'd mentioned last quarter that as we were taking some stranded costs, now there'll be some restructuring costs, that we'll need to spend to get the stranded costs out and that's what you see the change from $35 million to $40 million.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And any more of this activity still to go on next fiscal year?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: We should be pretty much done by the end of this fiscal year, so we do not expect any integration costs too for next year.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan of Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Just on international radios and I guess particularly in Europe, I know you mentioned Eastern Europe is a source of strength, but are you seeing any increased fly activity from other core native allies, maybe as they look to increase defense spending?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: A little bit. It's not a lot we do – I think that directionally it's – the words from the administration are good, as there's pressure on NATO to spend more, we do see some incremental opportunities coming from our allies in Western Europe. We have a few small orders, nothing big at this point coming from Western Europe. And that market is fairly stable year-over-year, so not a lot of change on the Western Europe side.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: But over time, we know that there will be a substantial upgrade in the UK, this Morpheus program, and we're going to be right in the middle of that. There's been some recent progress on that. That is going to move forward. It's probably not in the next two years, but certainly in the next three years or four years, we'll be able to start (49:58) to be some meaningful revenue for Harris and that will happen and that's going to be a big opportunity. It was estimated as a £3.5 billion total upgrade. About 20%, 25% is going to be radio. So we think we've got a good position on that because we've 40,000 radio there today, legacy radios, so a good opportunity for us. Over time, it's probably in the back end of the three-year period that we're thinking when it's going to start to hit us.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just on electronic warfare. You mentioned some expectations for growth, but how do you balance between maybe some of the legacy programs and the F-35, if there were any changes to production volumes on either legacy programs or the F-35, are you more exposed one way or the other?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I think more broadly, so just electronic warfare, we do have substantial content on F-35. It's not the EW system, it's on F-35, so very substantial content with opportunities to grow that content over time because we're performing very, very well. And as there's a broad multi-year drive in the DoD towards open systems, we do have some opportunities to perhaps get a little more content there. We also have significant content with the F-18. So, as there's a contemplation certainly in the Omnibus of additional F-18 aircraft, that works for us. We do have the IDECM system for the – the Defense Electronic Countermeasure System for the F-18, so that will be good news for us. And then what we're seeing is across all of the legacy platforms, because of new threats, all of the legacy platforms, both fixed wing and rotary, need to be upgraded, and we've got strong positions on many of those platforms, and that's really what's behind a lot of the strong order growth and revenue growth now in electronic warfare.
Josh Ward Sullivan - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, everyone. Go ahead. Chanel...
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Anurag Maheshwari - Harris Corp.: Thank you, again, for joining us on the call today, everyone. If any additional questions, I'm available at 321-727-9383. Thank you, again, and have a great day.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President, Investor Relations William Brown - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Rahul Ghai - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Gavin Parsons - Goldman Sachs & Co. Seth Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Jason Gursky - Citigroup Josh Sullivan - Seaport Global
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation’s second quarter 2017 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings call. I’m Pamela Padgett. On the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO, and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. So, first, some forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on the related discussion, please see the press release, presentation and Harris’ SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation on non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com where a replay of this call also will be available. And with that, Bill, I’ll turn it over to you.
William Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported solid second quarter results as we continue to execute well on our strategy to shape our portfolio, deploy capital in a balanced and shareholder-friendly way, drive operational excellence including strong execution on Exelis integration and position the company for long-term growth through sustained investment in high-return R&D. Last week, we achieved a major milestone with the announced sale of IT services, following closely on the heels of completing the sale of CapRock in early January. The divestitures of these two businesses with combined revenue of $1.4 billion, together with the acquisition of Exelis in mid-2015 and the sale of Aerostructures, commercial healthcare and broadcast, completely reshapes the company and sharpens our focus on core franchises where technology provides differentiation. The new Harris has a more simplified business model with a streamlined portfolio of higher growth, higher-margin businesses. These actions, when combined with the significant R&D investments we’ve made over the last five years to support our key franchises, position our company for growth at a time when government budgets are bottoming and beginning to trend up. The divestitures also provide more than $1 billion in net proceeds that we’ll use to support our capital allocation goals – about 40% for share repurchases, 60% towards deleveraging and pre-funding the pension. $435 million of sale proceeds will be used to buy back shares, which when added to the $150 million we committed to at the beginning of the year, plus an incremental $115 million provided by free cash flow, raises total fiscal 2017 share buyback to now $700 million, the largest single year share repurchase action in our company's history. And since the buyback will fully exhaust the remaining share authorization of $584 million, the Board added a new $1 billion authorization, demonstrating confidence in future free cash flow and our balanced and shareholder-friendly approach to capital allocation. $225 million of sale proceeds has been used to reduce debt, supporting the deleveraging goals we set when we acquired Exelis. With this payment already made, we have now repaid $1.3 billion against a commitment of $2 billion of debt reduction by fiscal 2018. And $400 million of sale proceeds will be used for pension pre-funding, which fully funds the pension on an IRS basis and eliminates, at least for the next few years, the mandatory annual contributions currently running at almost $200 million. With the divestitures of CapRock and services, we will now operate the company with three segments and eliminate the Critical Networks organizational structure. The air traffic management business will now operate as part of Electronic Systems segment, with no changes to Communication Systems or Space and Intel. The restructuring actions we’re taking will significantly reduce stranded costs; and by closing the transaction and implementing essentially all of these actions before the end of fiscal 2017, we expect to limit the fiscal 2018 dilutive impact of the divestitures to about $0.10 to $0.15. Now, before Rahul walks you through the divestiture details intended to simplify what are clearly a lot of moving parts, we’ll first touch on 2Q results. Now, keep in mind that 2Q compares have CapRock removed from current and prior year. It’s not until the third quarter that IT service is reported in discontinued operations. Second quarter non-GAAP EPS was a $1.42 with operating income up slightly and operating margin expanding 50 basis points to 17.6% and higher in each segment. For total company EPS, the improved operating performance was offset by a higher tax rate. Revenue was $1.7 billion, down 2% on an organic basis. We posted solid revenue growth of 6% in Electronic Systems, 5% in Space and Intel, and 2% in Critical Networks. Communication Systems revenue was down 16%, with higher DoD tactical radio sales more than offset by significantly lower international. Total company book-to-bill was 0.83 in the second quarter and just over 1 in the first half. Legacy tactical orders were strong in the second quarter, with a book to bill of 1.1 and backlog rising again this quarter, now up 22% fiscal year-to-date. Higher backlog was driven by international, partly offset by relatively weak US orders. Europe remains particularly strong, coming off of a record fiscal 2016 and trending towards another record year, driven by countries in Eastern Europe modernizing in the face of regional instability. And in 2Q, orders included a $75 million order from a country in Eastern Europe with several significant opportunities expected to book in the second half. In the Middle East, a region that’s still relatively constrained, we were encouraged by several significant orders, including from two countries that slipped from the back half of last year. $16 million from an unnamed country and $19 million from Iraq. Following the close of the quarter, we booked a $56 million order from a country in Northern Africa as part of a multi-year, multi-phase modernization program.  A key strategy for our company, even while faced with constrained government budgets, has been to invest our own R&D dollars to innovate and develop new products to expand our core franchises and drive future growth. And in 2Q, we see evidence of this winning strategy from tactical modernizations progressing to an expanded footprint in space superiority to early successes in rebuilding the electronic warfare franchise. In tactical, we continued to invest in new product development to support both US and international modernizations that are expected to drive renewed tactical growth in fiscal 2018. Army and SOCOM modernizations continue to progress and we shipped about $5 million in HMS Manpack customer test units last month and expect a first delivery order decision in the August timeframe, with shipments beginning in the fall. For SOCOM, development and testing of the two-channel handheld continues to progress and we will submit our proposal this week for the two channel Manpack with an award still on track for the summer, with deliveries beginning at the end of calendar 2018. With the Army and SOCOM, as well as countries like Australia interested in the new two-channel Manpack and handheld products, our ability to scale investments and leverage technology platforms is driving R&D efficiency and resulting in core technology being shared across multiple products for US and coalition partners. Another recent investment has been on our newly-developed wideband HF radio, which delivers data up to ten times faster and is 20% smaller and lighter than prior generations. Harris has long been number one in HF radio technology and the changing threat environment and greater concern over SATCOM deniability has increased customer interest in HF radios as an alternative for beyond line-of-sight transmission of classified images, maps and other large data files. Already released for the international market, the radio just received NSA Type-1 certification and is on track for US government release in mid calendar 2017. Given the favorable response from customers, we currently expect an incremental annual revenue stream in the low tens of millions, boosting our base business across the services. In Space and Intel, our classified businesses continued to be key revenue growth areas again in the second quarter. That positive trend was also reflected in new wins, including follow-on contracts of $53 million and $29 million for space asset protection and situation awareness capabilities. And following the quarter-close, we received an $80 million classified contract in what we can describe as a ground-based adjacency that has the potential to become a new franchise area for the company. Our recent awards reflect continued success in leveraging technology investment to broaden our reach and move from providing components to subsystems and to now full mission solutions. Over the years, we've leveraged expertise and technology from government markets to grow in commercial space where recapitalization and fleet expansion cycle is currently underway. In the back half of 2016, we were awarded two unfurlable antennas and we commented that prospects were stronger than they've ever been in more than almost a decade. And in this quarter, we were awarded another two reflectors and were pursuing another ten opportunities, with expected awards over the next few years, so prospects remain positive. In Electronic Systems, electronic warfare continued to be a growth driver. Over the last 18 months, we’ve had excellent success in rebuilding the electronic warfare franchise, winning modernizations on legacy platforms with long tails and building a strong backlog. While EW growth has been primarily US-based, we had two new international wins in the quarter, $91 million for EW pods for Moroccan F-16s and $22 million on the IDECM program to upgrade electronic countermeasure capability on Australian F-18s. Longer-term, we’re investing in next-generation technology to pursue new platforms by marrying Harris’ front-end state-of-the-art phased array antenna technology with Exelis’ back-end processing. In both Electronic Systems and Space and Intel, bidding and proposal activity remains very high and our opportunity pipeline continues to grow, giving more confidence in growth in 2018 and beyond. And with that, let me now turn the call over to Rahul to walk-through 2Q financial results, divestiture details and guidance.
Rahul Ghai : Thank you, Bill; and good morning, everyone. One additional reminder. Discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude Exelis integration cost. And as Bill just mentioned, second quarter results exclude CapRock, but include IT services. Turning now to segment detail on slide five. Communication Systems segment revenue was $413 million, down 16% compared to prior year. Tactical Communications was down 19%, with higher DoD tactical radio sales more than offset a significantly lower international revenue in both legacy Harris and SINCGARS product line. Public safety revenue was down 5%. Backlog in the legacy tactical business is up $26 million in the quarter, driven by orders from international customers. Operating income was $121 million compared with $138 million in the prior year due to lower volume. Operating margins trended higher from integration savings as a result of the closure of the Fort Wayne factory. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded a five-year, $403 million, single-award ID/IQ contract from US Defense Logistics Agency to provide tactical radio spares to the US Army and federal civilian agencies. Space and Intelligence systems of slide six. Revenue was $458 million and up 5% compared to prior year, primarily driven by higher revenue from intelligence community customers. Operating income was $77 million compared with $68 million in the prior year from continued strong program performance and higher pension income. Electronic Systems on slide seven. Revenue was $384 million and up 6% on an organic basis compared to prior year. Higher revenue from electronic warfare solutions and the continued ramp of an integrated battle management system in the Middle East was partially offset by lower wireless product sales. Operating income $79 million compared with $68 million in the prior year, driven by benefits of higher volume, continued strong program performance, and high pension income. Critical Networks on slight eight. Critical Networks segment revenue was $454 million and up 2% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from FA's next-gen modernization program and NASA Space Communications Network program was partially offset by lower IT services. Segment operating income was $75 million compared with $66 million in the prior year, reflecting the benefit from a contract settlement, partially offset by less favorable mix of program revenue. Moving to slides detailing the two divestitures and the expected impact in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. Slide nine outlines the two transactions, including previously expected fiscal 2017 results for CapRock and IT services. IT services is anticipated to close before the end of fiscal 2017. But regardless of the timing of the close, it will be reported as discontinued operations beginning in the third quarter. Total proceeds from the sale of businesses are expected to be $1.060 billion and we plan to use $225 million off the proceeds to pay down debt, $400 million to prefund pension, and $435 million to buy back shares. The bottom right box on the slide details the sources of the expected share repurchases of $700 million in fiscal 2017. So far this year, we have repurchased $100 million in open market and expect to repurchase $350 million through an ASR program that will be initiated in the third quarter and the remainder either through an ASR program or open market purchases in the fourth quarter. We will see full accretive benefit from this repurchase activity in fiscal 2018. Moving to slide ten and the waterfall chart detailing fiscal 2017’s expected dilution of $0.50 as a result of moving CapRock and IT services to discontinued operations for full year and only partially benefiting from the proceeds of the sale. The new non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.540 to $1.560 reflects the dilution from the divestitures and partial offsets of a one-time tax benefit of $0.12 and a reduction in the corporate tax rate from 31% to 30% from various tax planning activities that is worth an additional $0.08. And until we have clarity on the timing of the one-time tax settlement, we are assuming that the settlement will take place in the fourth quarter. While Q4 is typically our strongest quarter for revenue and EPS, we expect this year’s Q4 to have even greater weighting due to the timing of specific international tactical opportunities, the one-time tax settlement and the benefit from additional share repurchases, all following the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2018 dilution, shown in the next column, is expected to be in a range of $0.10 to $0.15, reflecting a full year benefit from the use of cash proceeds, restructuring actions to minimize stranded costs, and partial recovery of stranded costs on cost-plus programs. Turning to slide 11, which is our typical guidance slide. Fiscal 2017 updated guidance for revenue and EPS is changing only to reflect both CapRock and government IT services reported as discontinued operations for the year and the change in taxes. Total company revenue is expected in a range of $5.76 to $5.88 billion, about flat to down 2% on an organic basis, excluding revenue from the Aerostructures divestiture. Full-year GAAP EPS is expected in a range of $5.21 to $5.41 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $5.40 to $5.60 excluding Exelis acquisition-related integration charges. Guidance contemplates IT services transaction closing before the end of the fiscal year.  Also, we’ve updated our tax guidance for the year to 28.5% to reflect the changes discussed on the previous slide. Expectations for free cash flow of approximately $800 million are unchanged with the exception of prefunding the pension, which is reported in operating cash flow. Prefunding of pension is in addition to our annual contribution of approximately $188 million for a total pension contribution of $588 million in fiscal 2017. Excluding the pre-funding, cash flow guidance is consistent with our previous expectation of approximately $800 million of free cash flow for the year. Moving to slide 12, outlook by segment is unchanged with the exception of giving effect to the organizational change of operating in three instead of four segments. Electronic Systems is now a combination of previous expectations for both electronic systems and the air traffic management business. Critical Networks segment has been eliminated. For simplicity, stranded costs and FAS pension income related to the divestitures are shown separately. On slide 13, we have provided preliminary estimates of historical information for the ongoing business in the three new segments. This will be updated later with the final stranded cost and should reflect reallocations of stranded cost and FAS pension to the three segments.
William Brown :
William Brown : Okay. Well, thank you, Rahul. These two divestitures simplify our business model, leaving us with a more focused portfolio of technology-based, higher-margin and high-growth businesses. As a result, fiscal 2017 guidance on a newco basis now reflects margin expansion over the prior year of 70 basis points to 19.4% and high-single digit EPS growth. Looking to fiscal 2018, the clean slate of core franchises provides a much stronger platform for returning to total company growth and the more than $1 billion in net proceeds supports increased fiscal 2017 share repurchases, offsetting much of the fiscal 2018's dilutive effect of the divestitures. And we’ll continue to drive our operational excellence agenda to find other ways to lower costs and increase earnings power, providing even greater operational leverage as we return to growth in fiscal 2018. And with that, I’d like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. You may begin.
Robert Stallard: Thanks very much. Good morning.
William Brown: Good morning, Rob. First of all, on the bookings in the quarter, so start with that, it came down a little bit from what you saw in the first quarter. Is this a natural sort of seasonal pattern? What might you expect for the rest of this fiscal year?
William Brown: Well, we saw bookings to be – the book to bill was a little below 1. It was about 0.83 in the quarter, but we’re about 1 – just over 1 in the first half. As we talked about last time, we still target to hit about 1 for the full year. So, we feel good about where the orders happen to be over the first half of the year.
Robert Stallard: Do you expect the sort of level of volatility from quarter to quarter to be there in the second half of the year?
William Brown: Well, quarter two was a little bit lighter. We came out of the gates pretty strong in Q1. We’re operating under CR in Q2. We will see good orders growth in the back half. And I think for the full year, coming in around 1.1, 1.0 level book-to-bill.
Robert Stallard: Okay, thanks. And then, just a quick follow-up on the pension, I was wondering if you could clarify the prepayment – I think you said that this now means you don't have to have any obligatory payments beyond fiscal 2018. Is that correct? And what’s the impact?
Rahul Ghai: With the $400 million of pension contribution, this pension is now fully funded from an IRS perspective in fiscal 2017. And so, at this point, we don't see any contributions for 2018, 2019, 2020 assuming the rate of return, the discount rates and the mortality tables do not change. So, that's the expectation – there is an expectation that the mortality tables would change over the next couple of years, and that may drive a small contribution in 2020. It won’t be material. And beyond that, it's difficult to understand how it would shape up, given the change in discount rates with the expiration of the Highway Act and the mortality tables rate of return. So, we feel good about 2018 and 2019; and 2020 and beyond that, it's difficult to project.
Robert Stallard: And if this stuff moves around – it does sound like probably you saved $188 million of free cash flow in 2018, 2019, and 2020, is that correct?
Rahul Ghai: Yes. That’s correct.
Robert Stallard: Okay, that’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. You may begin.
Gautam Khanna: Hey. Could you update us on the timing of some of the bigger international awards you’re anticipating, such as the Australian order, Algeria, etc.?
William Brown: Well, on Australia, we are in negotiations there. We still anticipate a sizable order. We size it around $300 million or $350 million in that range. We still expected in our fiscal 2017, it's going to happen probably at the back end of fiscal 2017, but we’re in negotiations. There’s really not much more to report on that. It's moving along and we still feel very good about that. And regarding Algeria, otherwise known as that country in Northern Africa, we did see some good progress earlier this quarter.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And what about some of the other bigger international campaigns, Saudi, Iraq, what have you? Are you having any life after a big decline we’ve seen in the Middle East over the last couple of weak quarters?
William Brown: For Middle East and Africa, we see continued slow pace of awards through the back end of this year. It’s at a relatively low-level now in the Middle East. Saudi is sort of in $10 million, $15 million range, so it’s not very big. Iraq, we saw some progress this quarter. We saw an important booking come through that was delayed from fiscal 2016. Now, we de-risked the back end of the year – even though international tactical is coming up, we’ve de-risked the year. We still see strong support for Iraq. Some of the ITF [ph] funding is a little bit slow to flow through there, so we de-risked that. But Iraq looks very, very positive to us on an ongoing basis. It still remains probably the biggest opportunity that sits in our inner medium-term pipeline, so we feel good there. UK moved out a little bit. The Morpheus program, that’s probably in 2021 time period. But there's some opportunities in the near term on providing some product in waveform enhancements for enhanced ACDR radios in the UK. So, UK is still sitting out there as well. And we continue to see good momentum being built in a number of important countries in Central and Latin America. So, overall, I think that all looks pretty good. I think the big story really is around Europe. And where Europe happens to be, it is substantially stronger today than when we stood three months ago. It is pretty much clearly going to be a record year. A lot of it’s Eastern Europe. And we see a number of sizable opportunities that are moving through the pipeline. They have been – the LOIs have been signed, funding has been allocated; and for them, it’s mostly administrative in nature. And they will book here in the next few months. So, we feel very good about what's happening on the international side here, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Bill, one last one. With the JTRS Manpack award being LPTA, I’m just wondering, what do you expect will happen to pricing on that contract over time? Do you expect it to be fairly aggressively bid on a task order to task order basis, such that the return profile won't match what you do at the segment now? I'm just curious, do you think it will be accretive to the segment average or dilutive? And if so, when and by how much?
William Brown: Well, I think it’s going to be competitive as it has been. I think the good news is that it has been open to competition and I think the good news is that we want a position on a very, very large ID/IQ contract, $12.7 billion. We feel very good about our product. We've been through qualification testing. We’re now starting into customer testing. We’ve shipped radios. We've got, I think, great position here. And the fact that we've got tremendous scale in Rochester and an incredibly large international business, it does bring us some advantages in that particular offering. It will be competitive and we’ll compete every year for delivery task orders. But I think we feel very strongly about the offering we happen to have in the marketplace. And, of course, as you know, Gautam, we continue to invest in bringing capabilities and feature upgrades to that radio over time, and I think that’s going to pay some strong benefits. So, we feel good. We feel good about where we stand on the Manpack.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Gavin Parsons: Hi. This is Gavin Parsons on for Noah. Good morning, everyone.
William Brown: Hey, good morning.
Gavin Parsons: When you look at the Middle East orders that you talked about, some encouraging signs there. Does that look more like it's just the catch-up of the slippage or does it look like you maybe have some visibility into an inflection and better spending in general in the region?
William Brown: No, most of what we saw in the second quarter was a catch-up of the slippage. I would say the Middle East is sort of continuing apace, maybe even a little bit slower than we thought before. We still see – as I said, we moved out some of the opportunities we were seeing in the back half of the year in Iraq into next year. They’re there. They’re going to happen. They need funding. But we’ve shifted that out. We’ve de-risked a couple of other opportunities. Saudi remains at a very low level. We moved the SINCGARS opportunity, which we had sized before in this call, around $40 million, $50 million, we moved that out of the year, so we’ve de-risked that as well. So, I think the Middle East, I would characterize as not getting any better, maybe incrementally a little bit worse. But the fact is that we’re seeing very, very strong opportunities elsewhere and it’s causing us to get more optimistic and increase our guidance for the year on where the international tactical business is going to land in.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks. And then on US bookings, is there any impact from the continuing resolution?
William Brown: Yeah. I think we’ve – first of all, we started the year, I think, maybe relatively conservative. We said it would be flat to up at the beginning of the year. Now, it's probably about flat. So, it's not collapsing. So, it's come down a little bit. And I think we’re well calibrated there. We did a pretty careful review of opportunities in the back half. We have a good sense of what has been booked and how much backlog flows into the back half and we pulled out of the back half any opportunities that hinge on – that aren’t mission-critical or hinge on a fiscal 2017 budget. So, the things we have in the back year are mission-critical, can be funded out of a CR or are funded by 2016 budget. I think we’re relatively calibrated. DoD being about flat in the full year. So, we think that's pretty good. So, that came down a little bit, offset by the international business being stronger.
Gavin Parsons: Okay. And lastly, is your free cash flow target for fiscal 2019 still $1 billion post the divestitures?
William Brown: It is, yeah. We still see a path to get to $1 billion. Keep in mind that we've lost, I’d say, about $100 million more or less in free cash from the divested businesses. But as Rahul pointed out, we will not have to make cash contributions the next couple of years into our pension, mandatory cash contributions. They tend to offset one another. And the same drivers of getting to about $1 billion in several years remain there. Working capital improvements. We see some of the cash integration expenses and restructuring expenses coming down. We see interest expense coming down. And we see earnings continuing to grow. It hinges on some new programs, hinges on a good budget. But that would be the closing item that gets us to about $1 billion as we get into 2019, maybe into early fiscal 2020.
Gavin Parsons: Great, thank you.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much and good morning.
William Brown: Good morning.
Seth Seifman: Bill, after the portfolio moves that you made here -- I don’t mean to imply that that’s more to do – because you’ve, obviously, done a ton over the past several months. But is the portfolio kind of where you want it right now or are there other pieces that you might be thinking about moving out of? And then, when you think about sort of how Harris fits in going forward, we’re, obviously, a little bit smaller now and you think about the opportunities for a company in the $5 billion to $6 billion sales range, is this kind of the scale level that you think is sufficient to accomplish the type of things that you want to accomplish?
William Brown: Look, I feel very good about some of the portfolio shaping that we’ve done, not just recently, really over the last four or five years. And I referenced some of that in my prepared works. We’re much leaner, more focused, more streamlined, more strategically focused, I should say, higher margin business. And I think we’re really well-positioned in a number of important areas at our defense electronics, mission-critical communications, high-capacity networks that are well-positioned given where the budgets happen to be going. But as you know, portfolio management is not a start and stop sort of a game. We always take a look at the portfolio businesses that we happen to be in and making sure that we’re optimizing businesses that we’re in and where we’re investing to drive shareholder value. The fact is that, at about $6 billion in revenue, I wouldn't consider us to be subscale. I would consider us to be focused. And now, we can take our management team and focus them on those businesses that really can truly drive shareholder value going forward.
Seth Seifman: Great, thanks. That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up, maybe if you can talk a little bit more about the piece of Critical Networks that you’re keeping, the FAA work, and I believe – although maybe you can confirm – there’s some NASA work there as well and that'll include the Florida work that you want as well and sort of how that business fits in? I think we always knew it was relatively high margin, but I think it’s – actually the statements you put out this morning show it is quite profitable actually. And how you see that profitability profile going forward and the growth outlook going forward? Because it seems like this is something where maybe there are no one or two big chunky opportunities from time to time rather than a consistent pipeline.
William Brown: Yeah. That business that we’ve called mission networks is primarily FAA air traffic management businesses and related business, so also international opportunities that fall into there. It’s mostly there. It’s very little NASA. We’ll, obviously, report that Pacific missile range facility in that segment, but that's very small. But it’s primarily air traffic management related. It's about roughly $700 million last year. It's growing sort of mid-single digits. It’s rolling into the Electronics System segment at about that segment margin level. It's helped this year, at least a little bit by a contract settlement we had in the quarter. Call that business a mid to high teens margin business, with, I think, good growth outlook both within the FAA as well as importantly international opportunities, like we’ve seen in the UK, like we've recently won some opportunities in Turkey and Taiwan, we’ll see some opportunities in India and Brazil over time. So, that business has, I think, a good positive growth outlook and, again, the margins on sort of a normalized basis rolling in between mid-teens and high-teens.
Seth Seifman: Thanks very much.
William Brown: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays. You may begin.
Carter Copeland: Hey, good morning, guys.
William Brown: Hey, good morning.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of clarifications on the pension. Rahul, I just want to make sure, the $188 million, you mentioned, was, I thought, a gross contribution on the pension, so the addition to cash flow of no contribution needs to be a net, I would assume, unless I was wrong. And then, I wondered if you could tell us how much of the gross liability moved with the divestitures as well.
Rahul Ghai: Sure, Carter. You’re right that the net contribution – and that’s what Bill was talking about earlier when he was projecting kind of giving color on the cash flow for 2019. He was talking about the divested – cash flow from divested businesses at about $100 million and the net pension benefit kind of offsetting that. So, you’re right. $188 million is the gross. And then, you take the tax rate off that. So, they kind of offset each other. So, that's the pension piece. None of the pension liabilities really moved with that divested businesses. We are retaining both the liability and the associated income. Right now, our deficit – we started the year at about $2.3 billion. And with the movement in interest rates and the additional contribution that we’re going to make – assuming interest rates kind of stay constant – it will be about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion at the end of fiscal…
Carter Copeland: So, the liability that you're keeping – or that portion of the plan has FAS income. Does it have a CAS expense? Does it have a billable expense associated with that?
Rahul Ghai: So, we will keep both, Carter. We will keep the CAS recovery and the FAS income.
Carter Copeland: And how much is the CAS? Can you disclose that?
Rahul Ghai: It’s in low tens of millions. It’s not a significant piece of what we recover because a lot of that – it was on the legacy Harris side, so it’s not big. Most of it is coming through – most of the recovery is coming through Space and ES segments.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And then, just a clarification on the international softness. I don’t know if you can kind of give us some color around, regionally, what that would like, though. It would seem that if it were isolated to the Middle East, it would sort of imply that the Middle East was down quite sharply. So, I just wondered if you could give us some color about that and I know you mentioned that Saudi was at a very low level. Is it a nearly no level waiting to recover or any color you could provide is helpful.
William Brown: We started the year with the legacy international tactical business down mid-teens. And now, it's sort of down high-single digits. So, it has improved over last 90 days. And as I said, Europe has gotten quite a bit better. I said before it was about one-third of the international business. Now, it’s probably 40% to 45%. We see that being up strongly. It will be another record. And you saw a pretty important order come through in Q2 in Eastern Europe, about $75 million. We noted it my remarks and in the press release. So, that’s pretty good. The Central America, Latin America business is still about 10% to 15% of the business. That’s up. It’s firming. It’s firming to the upside. We took an order from US SOUTHCOM for counternarcotics, and that’s starting to bring some orders through. So, the CALA region looks pretty good. And in the three other regions, the Middle East/Africa is going to be a little bit softer. The Asia-Pac/Australia business is going to be a little bit softer. That’s probably more like flat to down a little bit as opposed to flat to up. And then, Central Asia is about the same, maybe a little bit weaker. It’s about 5% to 10% of the total business. We’re seeing some significant headwind Central Asia as I reported last time because of the transition that’s going on in Afghanistan from radio buildout to sustainment. That's not a change. That’s still what’s happening today. But that businesses is going to be down pretty much in Central Asia. So, Carter, those are the basic pieces. Overall, international, we’re now down high-single-digits versus down mid-teens.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thank you for the color, Bill.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. You may begin.
Peter Skibitski: Hey, good morning, guys. I’ll just start by saying great use of cash proceeds. Bill, on the CR going to April or May, your domestic radio sales are up through the first half of the year. What do you attribute that to because I think there’s a lot of expectation that the CR going so long was going to be a lot of headwind for you, but it hasn’t turned out to be that way, what do you attribute that to?
William Brown: Well, I think we’re bumping around at a relatively low-level, Pete, on the DoD tactical side. The size of the business in the $300 million to $350 million, I think, in many ways, it’s like base sustainment. So, it's not a lot of modernization, sort of tens of millions of dollars in modernization business that’s flowing through. That’s pretty much fully booked and being realized. So, it’s really just a base business. I really attribute it to that. We started the year – and I think the first half was pretty decent on the DoD side. A little bit softer in the year. With the CR shifting from December to April, if it moves out beyond April, could be a little bit incrementally worse than that. But we’re optimistic about a budget by then and a good Q4. So, that's how we see it shaping up. Again, DOD about flat for the year.
Peter Skibitski: Okay. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on some of the emerging initiatives out there in DoD. I imagine it is a positive for you if the Army forestructures increase. And there's 350 shipped Navy. I wouldn’t think that’s big impact to you, but I was interested in your thoughts.
William Brown: Look, every indication I've seen, including recent correspondence from the new Defense Secretary Mattis, is encouraging for us. It's making sure the force is prepared, is ready, is sized appropriately, it has mission-critical capabilities, which I’d also include in that the ability to communicate amongst themselves and with coalition partners. Some of the things that we've seen recently in the last year-and-a-half in Eastern Europe, which is very strong for us, really comes from this ability to communicate with our US war fighters. So, I feel good about where we happen to be. Every indication is that there remains strong support going into our fiscal 2018 for modernization. SOCOM is moving along well both on the handheld radio as well as on Manpack. And every indication has been that the Army Manpack program is going to stay on track through the summer, into next year. We’ve all shipped – all three parties have shipped CT radios, customer-tested radios. They’re on track for testing that in the next few months, with a delivery order coming towards the end of the summer and shipments starting in the fall. So, all of that feels, I think, Pete, pretty good for the outlook for that DoD tactical radio business.
Peter Skibitski: Great, thank you.
William Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Gursky with Citi. You may begin.
Jason Gursky: Good morning, everyone.
William Brown: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Gursky: I’m wondering if we could start with Space and Intelligence Systems and talk a little bit more about the classified, the adjacency. Two fronts here. Maybe just talk a little bit about how you got here. And then secondly, perhaps define for us what you view to be a franchise program.
William Brown: Yeah. Well, first of all, how we got here is by, I would say, number one, really strong execution on the programs that we've had with this community for really decades. It goes back a long time. So, the team does a very good job and we’ve been investing in IRAD in this segment. We've talked before about the amount of IRAD we’re spending at Harris Corporation. Just on a normalized basis, if you pull out services and CapRock, we’ll be about 5% of revenue this year in IRAD and it's been remaining at a relatively high level even with sequestration and some of the budget pressure. So, we’re investing in IRAD in lots of places, including in the Space and Intel segment. And the third part is the additional capabilities that we have acquired with Exelis that allows us to offer more end-to-end solutions than we’ve been able to provide in the past. So, all of those things together, with really good execution by the team, I think allows us to step up and provide a different mission solution to our customers. And, obviously, it’s classified, so we’re not really able to talk a whole lot about it, but that's really what puts us in a great position. The budgets are strong here and we happen to be in areas in satisfying needs that are important, like space resiliency and protecting our space assets. So, those kinds of things are very, very important. So, what is a franchise? A franchise to us is something that has the potential to be sort of hundreds of millions of dollars, not tens, and sustainable over a period of time and lead to broader opportunities. And this new ground adjacency – it’s adjacent because it does evolve from a capability that we have been providing on a component basis and allows us to take on a much bigger role at this particular – in this particular community. So, really – unfortunately, it’s really all that I can say here, Jason, but I think we feel great about the developments and trajectory that Space and Intel happen to be on over the last year, into this year, and going into next year as well.
Jason Gursky: No, that’s very helpful. I appreciate that. And then, just secondarily, on the 2017 guidance, you talked a little about the potential impacts of the CR. So, my question is going to be away from that, I suppose. I was just wondering if you could comment, outside of CR, what the risks and opportunities here are to your fiscal 2017 guidance? If we end up higher, what do you think drove that? And if we end up being lower, where do you think we may go up?
William Brown: I think we’ve done a pretty decent job of calibrating the year, Jason. We, obviously, look very hard at – given where the new administration is and what we’re hearing coming out of the Defense Department, there is a lot of uncertainty in funding. So, we have tried to de-risk our business to the best extent that we can and look at including in guidance opportunities that are funded by fiscal 2016 dollars, so already appropriated and where there’s support for that. Or mission-critical requirements that can be funded under a CR. And that’s where we happen to stand today. We have, as Rahul mentioned, the international tactical business. And tactical, in general, will be stronger in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter. And we’ve got to make sure that we execute those opportunities, so they do happen in our fourth-quarter, and that’s what we’re really focused on.
Jason Gursky: That’s great. Thank you very much.
William Brown: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Howard Rubel with Jefferies. You may begin.
William Brown: Good morning, Howard.
Operator: Howard, your line is open. Please check your mute button. Our next question is from Josh Sullivan with Seaport Global. You may begin.
Josh Sullivan: Good morning.
William Brown: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Sullivan: I just had one, digging into the public safety, how do you see public safety operating as the FirstNet contract comes into play here.
William Brown: Well, FirstNet has been – it was anticipated to be awarded towards the end of last year, on November/December time frame. That has been delayed. There’s no hard date now as to when that will be awarded, but that is intended to be a very large investment in a national, dedicated public safety broadband network, so LTE across the country, driving interoperability across all state agencies and with federal agencies, high-capacity bandwidth to provide video and other things and tied directly into the existing LMR system. So, that is the intention of FirstNet. Again, there's no awardee yet. We don't have any insight as to what the timing of the award is going to be at this point. But I would say, regardless of who ends up building out this network – which by the way is going to take probably five years, it's a very large investment to build out this dedicated network. Regardless of who wins, we will be in a position to provide products, devices, applications to whoever happens to be the winner of that particular program. So, we are –we have developed and launched an important radio that the – XL-200P which has LMR and LTE capable – it’s a capable radio. There’s mobile radio we've done, there’s a mobile router, all of which positions our devices and applications such that when LTE does happen, when this public safety broadband network does happen, we’ll be in a great position to provide products and devices to whoever wins that.
Josh Sullivan: Okay, thank you.
William Brown: Sure.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, I think we have one more on the line.
Operator: Our next question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Gavin Parsons: Thanks, guys. Thanks for the timing on Manpack. Thanks for the update. When should we expect that to start contribute to bookings? Is that not until calendar 2018?
William Brown: Yeah, that will be probably calendar 2018. We expect the first delivery order – at least what the Army is telling us – sometime in the fall of this year. So, the production award around August/September; delivery starting, maybe after October. So, maybe a little bit towards the back end of 2017, but more likely it starts to ramp into early 2018.
Gavin Parsons: And then, for your expectation for revenue growth in fiscal 2018, should we also think of higher margins?
William Brown: I think what I would comment on here is that we do expect higher revenue in fiscal 2018 fiscally from fiscal 2017 because, this year, modernization revenue is in the tens of millions. So, it’s going to be more than that into fiscal 2018. And frankly, all of our programs in this area, we expect to come in at attractive margins. I don’t think I’d comment any more than that.
Gavin Parsons: Thank you.
William Brown: Sure.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you…

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Rubun Dey - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Harris Corporation's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you. Hi. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2017 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO, and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and CFO. First a few words on forward-looking. Forward looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on a related discussion, please see the press release, presentation, Harris' SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly materials on Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call also will be available. All right. Bill, with that, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everyone. Harris began fiscal 2017 with a good start out of the gate and we're executing well against our key strategic priorities. So I'll begin with a quick update about how we're delivering on them. As part of an ongoing initiative to optimize our business portfolio, we announced earlier this morning a definitive agreement to sell the CapRock commercial business for $425 million and plan to use the proceeds to pay down debt and repurchase shares. Portfolio shaping supports our strategy to invest in businesses where Harris can provide technology differentiation. And we'll continue to review our portfolio and objectively assess which businesses are a strategic fit and which businesses have better value under different ownership structure. We also remain committed to smart and balanced capital deployment, and in the first quarter, we used $100 million in cash to repurchase shares, and we increased the dividend 6%, our 15th consecutive annual increase. We also repaid $33 million in term debt and, in early October, retired a $250 million bond that was due, making further progress towards our three-year debt reduction goal of $2 billion and we're about halfway there. We remain laser-focused on Exelis integration and capturing synergies and related accretion and, through Q1, we're tracking well towards capturing $50 million of additional in-year savings and achieving our target of $140 million to $150 million in run rate savings as we exit fiscal 2017. And while all integration projects are complete or well underway, we'll continue to find ways to lower cost and drive productivity, as part of our normal operational excellence agenda. And then, finally, investing in R&D and new product development to grow core franchises and expanding the close adjacencies has been an important part of our strategy. And in the first quarter, R&D spending was up 7% and over 4% of revenue. For the year, we still expect to spend at about 4% of revenue, similar to fiscal 2016 and at a level well above our peers. So turning now to Q1 results, non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.39, up 6% on a 2% organic revenue decline. Despite the revenue headwind and higher R&D spending in the quarter, operating margin increased to 50 basis points as a result of higher synergies, productivity savings and pension income. Earnings per share also benefited from a lower tax rate in the first quarter. Revenue reflected continued growth in Space and Intel up 4% and Electronic Systems up 2%, while Communication Systems was down 5% and Critical Networks was down 7%. Orders were particularly strong with total company book-to-bill of 1.17 and funded backlog of 6% over the prior quarter. Book-to-bill for each segment was above 1 and within Communication Systems, we saw strong recovery in our legacy tactical business where book-to-bill was 1.22. Healthy bookings, plus several opportunities that slipped from the back half of fiscal 2016, drove backlog up 16% sequentially to $467 million and higher in both DoD and international. Q1 revenue in legacy tactical was also encouraging down 1%, with DoD revenue up 4% and international down 4%. Within DoD, higher first quarter revenue was primarily related to achieving important milestones early in the year for MNVR and MUOS. We received a limited rate production authorization on MNVR, which is our mid-tiered networking radio and formal NSA certification for running the MUOS satellite waveform on existing Falcon III 117Gs, which triggered initial fielding of MUOS capability. Also in the quarter, the Army contracted Harris to develop the narrowband mode for the Soldier Radio Waveform or SRW, a requirement for all Army modernization radios. The Manpack, the Rifleman, the MNVR and the future SANR or Small Airborne Networking Radio. This contract demonstrates Harris' leadership and expertise, in adapting complex waveforms to meet the changing requirements of the Army's tactical network. In legacy international, revenue trended favorably against our full year guidance and was higher in Europe, Central and Latin America or CALA, and Asia Pacific, but was offset as anticipated by lower revenue in Central Asia and the Middle East Africa regions. You'll recall that Europe was strong in fiscal 2016, driven primarily by Eastern European countries, and that trend continued in Q1 with encouraging signs for the balance of the year. The CALA region is benefiting from a country's modernization of NextGen radios and a new $90 million contract win from U.S. Southern Command, supporting counter-narcotics missions in Latin America. And in Asia Pac, we're supplying HF and multiband radios to support maritime capability in the Southeast Asian country as part of an ongoing trend of the U.S. bolstering partner capabilities in the region and a significant opportunity remains on the horizon in Australia. So overall, regional trends of strengths and headwinds are tracking about as we laid out in our 3Q and 4Q earnings calls and while still early in the year represents a good start towards achieving our full year guidance. Turning to Space and Intel, we had another quarter of excellent wins from customers in the intelligence community, which continues to be a solid growth area for the company. In the quarter, Harris won a $25 million initial contract to develop a multi-mission small satellite for a classified customer, our second government win in this area. Smallsats are emerging as a low-cost solution to a rapidly changing threat environment, offering a shorter development cycle and launched at a fraction of the cost and lead time of a large exquisite satellite. Our offering in this growing niche is powerful, combining a portfolio of advanced sensors, software defined radio technology to support on orbit mission changes, and Harris' agility to quickly innovate as threats evolve. We also continue to build on our franchise in space superiority. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was selected for $53 million in follow-on work to provide counter-communication capabilities that detect adversary interference and take action to protect our space assets. This new win will bring contracts to-date for this mission to about $200 million. And then outside the intelligence community, we received a $90 million follow-on contract to provide navigation payloads for GPS III Space Vehicles 9 and 10. We're already under contract to deliver payloads for SV 1-8, and we're investing to develop a fully digital solution for 11-32. Turning to Electronic Systems, Q1 marked the third consecutive quarter of strong bookings for electronic warfare, winning modernizations on legacy platforms where we have strong incumbency positions. And as the EW capability gap between the U.S. and peer countries has narrowed, modernizations on deployed fleets have become a higher priority. Wins included a $22 million contract for the B-1B, and a three-year $55 million contract to redesign the electronic warfare system for the B-52. B-52 wins, over the last two years, now stand at about $200 million, and we continue to see strong future opportunities on fleets with long modernization tales. In Critical Networks, Harris extended its reach into a new market by leveraging a strong and long successful history with the FAA, for designing and maintaining highly secure communication networks. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded a 14-year, $700 million ceiling IDIQ from the State of Florida, to provide a state-wide secure communications network. This network, called My Florida Net-2, will have about 4,000 sites connecting public safety, law enforcement and other state and local government agencies. And with that, let me now turn the call over to Rahul, for more financial detail and guidance. Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Just to remind you, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis and supplement GAAP results in our other quarterly earnings material. Turning now to segment detail on slide 4. Communication Systems segment revenue was $431 million and down 5% compared to prior year. Tactical Communications was down 6%, primarily as a result of lower international SINCGARS sales. Public Safety was down 1%. Operating income was $119 million compared with $138 million in the prior year, driven by lower volume and mix. On slide 10, we have again included historical information for legacy tactical, orders, revenue and backlog. Space and Intelligence Systems on slide 5. Revenue was $453 million and up 4% compared to prior year. This was driven by higher revenue from intelligence community customers and from Radiation Budget Instrument program called RBI to provide sensors for monitoring climate change and global warming on NASA's Joint Polar Satellite System. Operating income was $80 million compared with $68 million in the prior year, driven by continued strong program performance and higher pension income. Electronic Systems on slide 6. Revenue was $361 million and up 2% on an organic basis compared to prior year, excluding $19 million of revenue from Aerostructures business that was divested in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Higher revenue from initial ramp of recently awarded integrated battle management systems in Middle East and from electronic warfare solutions was partially offset by lower wireless product sales. Operating income was $74 million compared with $69 million in the prior year. In addition to the electronic warfare contracts that Bill mentioned, Harris received $35 million in follow-on contracts for the F-35 program. Critical Networks on slide 7. Revenue was $527 million and down 7% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from FAA's NextGen modernization program was more than offset by lower revenue in IT services, down $13 million and in CapRock's commercial business down $25 million. IT services revenue, it was in line with expectations of it stabilizing in the $225 million to $250 million per quarter range and CapRock commercial is now at approximately $75 million per quarter. Operating income was $66 million compared with $63 million in the prior year. On top of what was already mentioned, Harris was awarded a five-year $125 million single award IDIQ for IT services from a classified customer. This extends a 25-year relationship and reflects a business development focus in the intelligence community. Moving to slide 8 and 9. Fiscal 2017 guidance remains unchanged with GAAP EPS guidance in the range of $5.53 to $5.73 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $5.70 to $5.90. As previously communicated, the EPS guidance reflects $150 million in share repurchases for the year. Total company revenue guidance is unchanged in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, down 1% to 4% on an organic basis, excluding revenue from Aerostructures divestiture. Outlook by segment and other details outlined in the slide also remain unchanged, including generating an expected $800 million in free cash flow for the full year. Although the first quarter tax rate was 27.5%, we still expect a full year tax rate of 31%. Our expected 31% rate reflected adoption of the new accounting standard of stock compensation and the benefit occurred primarily in the first quarter. The remaining three quarters are expected to average 32%, varying quarter-to-quarter depending on specific tax timing differences. We will update fiscal 2017 guidance once CapRock transaction closes. Now, I will hand it back to Bill for a few closing comments.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay, well thank you, Rahul. Overall, we had a good start to the year, delivering solid financial results and making excellent progress on our key strategic priorities. We're maintaining guidance for the year and we anticipate that the continuing resolution will extend to the balance of the calendar year and constrain spending as it typically does until a budget is passed. We'll continue to enhance shareholder value by optimizing our business portfolio, deleveraging, reinvesting to drive future growth and allocating capital in a shareholder friendly way. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Hi, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm not sure how much you can comment on it, but there have been reports in the press about potentially divesting other portions of the Critical Networks business. I wondered can you talk a little bit more about your vision for that business, specifically, in the future.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, Seth, thank you for the question. I'm not going to comment on any potential plans. We simply don't – we don't do that. I think we feel good about the transaction we're announcing today on selling the CapRock commercial business. And we've got a pretty strong track record here of looking pretty objectively at the businesses that we're in and assessing which fit and which do not. And I take you back to the broadcast business and commercial healthcare and Aerostructures, now, the commercial CapRock business, and we continue to look pretty objectively at the portfolio that we have and assess what fits in and what does not. I would say that I've been pretty consistent in commenting that we want to be in businesses where technology can differentiate our offering in the marketplace, that's very important to us. Of course, we look at strategic fit and performance of the business, but that is certainly the bar, the milestone that we're tracking there, and we'll say more as the time goes on, but nothing more to report today.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, okay. Great. Thanks. And then, just as a quick follow-up, more in the model and Communication Systems, it's the nice quarter for the tactical radios. The margin overall for the segment was a little below your guidance for the year, is that reflecting R&D or mix or what's going to change through the course of the year to bring that margin up?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, it reflects both. I mean it's down year-over-year; its flat sequentially. Part of it is volumes of the tactical comms business, not just radio, but tactical comms, it's a bit less favorable mix. We had slightly more sustainment services business in Q1, a little more front-end loaded R&D, which should mitigate a little bit over the course of the year, of course, these things move quarter-to-quarter, but over the balance of the year, we'll expect better mix, and we do expect us to achieve the guidance margins for the year of about 30%.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC: I was just hoping to go back to CapRock. I was just wondering if you expect that to be accretive or dilutive, and then, what could be the cash proceeds from that sale.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, we're selling for $425 million, so cash will be a little bit below that, probably over $400 million. We're going to use it for both debt pay down and share repurchases, probably a little bit more than half on debt, a little less than half on share buyback. On an annual basis, we would expect it to be about $0.04 dilutive.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. And then, it seems like you had a couple of good quarters in terms of bookings for electronic warfare. I was hoping you could maybe size that business and what we can expect for the outlook going forward.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, we feel really good about the performance in electronic warfare, had really strong bookings, really throughout last year. Orders doubled, backlog grew quite a bit, book-to-bill was stronger than one, and coming out of the first quarter, good revenue growth, but also good strong bookings, we feel very good about that business. This is – again, we've got very strong positions in a number of legacy platforms that require modernization upgrades. There is new threats on the horizon. Our military has talked quite a bit about that, and our aircraft need to be upgraded. And we certainly have a great position on F-18, on international F-16s, and large aircraft like B-1B, C-130 and the B-52 has been an important driver of our bookings and future growth. So we feel very good about where we're at today on electronic warfare. We continue to invest in smaller sizeable in-power (19:51) platforms. We've got a good position on the classified side. And over time, when you compare Harris' front-end phased array technology with electronic warfare capabilities from Exelis in the back-end, that capability is pretty special. So we feel good about where we stand today in electronic warfare.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC: Is that about half of Electronic Systems, is that a fair estimate?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: A little less than that. Yeah, the – yeah, it's about 5, 5.50 (20:18) in that range.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, Bill, first quarter sales come in a little stronger than you expected just because of the CR kind of ongoing, or do you think it will impact more from the second quarter because that's the first fiscal quarter of the government's year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I'm sorry, Pete. (20:44) the phone is breaking up a little, I didn't hear the (20:47) something coming in stronger. Could you say that one more time?
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah, sorry, I was just wondering if your first quarter sales came in a little stronger than you expected because of the CR or do you think that the CR will impact more so your second quarter because of the – that's the first fiscal quarter of the government's year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we see, sort of going back a number of years, we've been operating under a CR at the beginning of the government fiscal year. So we tend to see some end of your money getting spent bookings and revenue and that had to slow down a little bit in the second quarter. So we would expect a normal friction we would typically see in our Q2, as we typically have seen in a CR – under a CR (21:28) improving in the back half of the year.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Pete.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard with Vertical Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Bill, you highlighted the very strong book-to-bill in the quarter, but I was wondering if – of the orders you've taken in the last three months, what is the lead time on this? Is it any different from what you normally expect, I mean what we're obviously looking for is when did this convert into revenues?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, the bookings we saw which were pretty good on the tactical side are relatively quick turn orders. I mean that's a short cycle business, so the majority of that will turn in the year and that's positive for us, but it depends on the business. There are some parts of the company that are longer cycle. The very long – the big order we got in the State of Florida is going to happen over the next decade effectively. Some of the EW orders are going to be over the next three years, four years. So it depends on the business. Our longer cycle businesses tend to be in the ES segment and Space and Intel segment, and of course, the shorter cycle orders are going to come in our tactic or CS side.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then, the second question, you've mentioned in the past that the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa have been softer markets for you on the radio side recently. Has there been any sign of that stabilizing as yet?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we're not seeing anything better today than we did over the last three months to six months. It's the same factors that we've been talking about that continue to impact that region, certainly, low oil prices which seem to be going down even further or causing budgetary pressures. We know the conflicts in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, it's driving some instability. Some of the funding is going more towards munitions than communications. But I would say that we've seen some opportunities firm up in a couple of areas like Jordan and the UAE. In Jordan, we booked an order here in the first quarter. We see more opportunities on the horizon. Saudi continues at a relatively low level. 2016 came down from 2015, but we don't see another big step-down in 2017. It right now is running at a relatively low level as we see it. There's some pressure in Iraq just because of the strike in the (23:46) country, but the opportunity we see on the horizon in Iraq are very, very sizeable. It's probably the biggest opportunity overall in our long-term pipeline. So it's a mixed bag within the Middle East, but not much of the story has changed over the last three months to six months. Some of the slips that happened from 2016 into 2017, we have started to book, and we'll continue to do that in Q2 and Q3. So thank you, Rob.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: That's great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Co. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I had a couple of questions. First, last quarter, if I recall, Bill, you mentioned there were $65 million to $70 million of shipments that slipped into the first fiscal quarter. And I was wondering, did you, in fact, catch those all up, and were those booked in the September quarter or were those in the backlog as of June 30?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, I think we said that was around $60 million worth of orders did not happen in Q4. A little more than half was international and that did slip into the year into Q1. So it was like $30 million, $35 million in that range and, yeah, we pick those up in Q1 effectively as part of our release. The other part was the DoD side and that was just general slowness and some friction cautious buying behavior on the part of some of the acquisition folks. So that was not necessarily a slip. Certainly, the international piece that moved into Q1 did happen.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And that was a book and ship in the September quarter?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Largely, yes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Could you talk a little bit about the tax basis of your IT service business and could you size it for us? I believe it's about $1.03 billion, but wanted to get your sense for that? Also, what the tax leakage will be with the CapRock sale, how much will you actually net in terms of proceeds?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, I'm not going to comment on the tax basis for services, but services is around $1 billion business, and there's no tax leakage on the CapRock transaction.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And also, previously, you've updated us on some of the major campaigns like the JTRS Manpack Radio timing. I wondered whether to see, A, when is that going to happen. And do you think it will still be two awardees? Relatedly, if you could talk about when Australia might actually book some orders, is that still in fiscal Q4 this year and maybe any of the other sizeable campaigns that we should be tracking?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, yeah, let me start with Australia. I mean it's still a big opportunity on horizon, and it's on the order of in total about $600 million or little less than that, but they decided to split it into two pieces, as I mentioned on the last call, and we still expect about half a book towards the back-end of our fiscal year, the other sometime into 2018 or beyond. So we feel very good about the progress there and our position on that particular opportunity. On the Manpack, it continues to progress. We are one of three awardees. It's a very sizeable contract. We complete the qualification test. The customer testing should happen early in fiscal 2017, so with the next three months or four months, and then, it will go into – a delivery order procurement will be made by – decision will be made by August, I believe, of next year, with deliveries off of that starting about a year from now and then, continuing into early calendar 2018, so that has not moved out in terms of the delivery timeframe on the back end. On the other one, which is important is Rifleman. We're one of two vendors, us and Telus (27:37) and you recall it's a $3.9 billion IDIQ, we've gotten through a qual test and customer test. It was for a single channel radio, but you recall that left a big part of the overall war value with the opportunity for a two-channel radio, and it does sound like the Army is looking to perhaps accelerate the purchase of a two-channel radio. They saw the opportunity, the radio we have with SOCOM, which is a single vendor award that we have as Harris Corporation. They sold the radio. There is a possibility they will accelerate the purchase of a two-channel radio which I think will be relatively good news for Harris since we're well-positioned on that particular opportunity. And you saw in Q1 or at least I mentioned in Q1 that we had a milestone C approval on mid-tier radio with half of the opportunity recognized in Q1, the other half will come sometime later in our fiscal 2017. So overall, I think good progress. MUOS, we're very pleased with receiving NSA cert and to see initial fielding of that capability. Keep in mind there's 30,000 117Gs in the field that have the possibility of being upgraded with the MUOS waveform. And as that happens, since the development is all behind us and it's a software load, it comes down to us at a relatively high margin, so all of which I think is good progress in the quarter got them. The last one I would mention is on SOCOM, I think the very important one, and that's a two-channel radio that continues to progress. We're investing in it and we still see that on track for deliveries about a year from now.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll get back in the queue.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Noah. Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bill, so you've mentioned or you've gone through a lot of detail on a number of moving pieces into your potential future order flow. I wondered if you would just – if you're able to tell us if you think the total company book-to-bill and also, specifically, the legacy tactical radio book-to-bill will be above 1 for the full year fiscal 2017.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: That's certainly the trajectory that we're on and the hope that we have. Right now, we came out of the gates in Q1 very, very strong and I think we're pleased about that. And we always hope for – as we expect growth in 2018 and beyond, we certainly hope for good positive bookings in this year that would lead us into growth in 2018.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. As a follow-up to the question on the Middle East contribution to the legacy tactical radio business, is it possible to quantify what the peak to trough has already been in that revenue stream, just so we can get a sense of how much lower that could go or maybe if it's approaching a floor just because enough of a decline has already happened?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I think see, we're probably down about 40% peak to trough at this point. And from the way we see it today, the Middle East should – may be down slightly more again in 2017, but it depends on the timing of some opportunities in Iraq, again Jordan looks pretty good, UAE looks pretty good, a couple of other things are progressing pretty well in the quarter what we see in the balance of the year. And the funding support from the U.S. government still remains pretty robust. So we don't see a big step-down in the Middle East, but that's where we see it today.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And so, what is that run rating then as a percentage of your legacy tactical radio business after that 40% peak to trough?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's about – on the order of about 25%, 30% of the international business, international about two-thirds of the total tactical, legacy tactical. So it will be a little bit less than that of course.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And what is SINCGARS down to at this point?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's at a relatively low rate. It's mostly international business. There's still some sustainment work going on with the U.S. military, but a lot of that business is international and is experiencing some of the same challenges in our legacy tactical business, a lot being sold into the Middle East. And as you know, we talked about a pretty good opportunity that's been sitting out on the horizon in Saudi Arabia. It's in the $40 million to $50 million range for SINCGARS, and that still remains towards the back end of the year, but that would be the next big opportunity on the horizon, but it's at a relatively low rate.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And I'll sneak in one more. The $700 million Florida Comm Systems contract, how much of that will go into the backlog in the December quarter?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: It's relatively small. I think it's in tens of millions at this point. So it's going to be low for this quarter. It will come lower as we roll this thing out. It will come in phases.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: This is a very big important opportunity for us, because today, we've won the state law enforcement radio system in Florida, and we've been doing that for 15 years, now through 10 hurricanes without a single outage. So we feel very good about that, and that credibility alongside of our reputation with the FAA allowed us to beat a very large telco out of a pretty substantial contract interconnecting a bunch of offices to the State of Florida. So we feel very good about the position that we happen to be in here, and it's going to roll itself out over the next decade or so.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Terrific.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for a follow-up question from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Co. Your line is now open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, thanks again. I just have a couple small questions here. One, what is the share CRIP at this point, option CRIP?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I think it's about 1 million shares.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's about 1 million shares. So with the buyback in Q1, we held our share count I think, Rahul, about flat.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah, so Gautam, our overall share count kind of on the diluted share count is about flat. We ended Q4 at 125.3 million, and we ended Q1 at 125.5 million. So that's where we are.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. So you need approximately 100 million just to offset CRIP, just to be clear. Is that right?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And is there plans to – you mentioned with the proceeds of CapRock you'll repay debt. I mean what is sort of the longer-term plan? Is the plan to take advantage of the weakness in the stock or I mean I just wondered like how flexible is your logic around buyback versus debt repay?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So as Bill mentioned, our current plan is that we'll use slightly more than half the proceeds to pay down debt and slightly less than half for share buyback. What we have to – what we are balancing here, Gautam, is just we have of high debt to EBITDA ratios and we have commitments to our debt rating agency. So we're balancing that, and we have an aggressive debt buyback – debt paydown goal. So that is the objective at this point.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Okay, operator...
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Go ahead, go ahead, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. The other thing I just wanted to make sure, maybe I missed it, but is there any way you can size the opportunity to upgrade the installed 117G base with the MUOS software capability?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, I mean we see that could be just north of $100 million.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: $100 million in aggregate...
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: ...across all 30,000, is that right?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It will be more than that. Yes, that's the total opportunity that we see, as we sit here today.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then, Bill, just given all this, if you could put it together for us, what do you expect the book-to-bill to be at tactical legacy RF this year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we expect it to be over 1. And I think that was a comment I was trying to make earlier today, which is as we go forward into and think about fiscal 2018, we still see some important elements that will drive growth. We see good performance in our longer cycle businesses in Space and Intel and Electronic Systems. We came off of a back half of 2016 with good growth. We had good orders. We ended with higher backlog. We came out of Q1 with good growth, higher backlog, good orders, and that will carry us into fiscal 2018. As we go through this year and we look out into 2018, we still see strong Army monetization opportunities, SOCOM monetization opportunities, Australia will start to come into the picture, and we still see good opportunities to grow that business in fiscal 2018. So that would require us to have a pretty solid bookings through the year. We're early in the year. We had a great start.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Well above 1 or – I'm not trying to be annoyed. I'm just asking because what you sized in the later part of this fiscal year could be fairly substantial contract awards. I mean $300 million award from Australia would move the needle presumably. I'm just wondering is a 1.2 out of the question, or I mean over 1, it seems like a little bar at this point. So I'm just – could you help us...?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's also early in the year. I mean you don't win a football game in the first quarter. You got three more to go.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: And I'll continue to give you an update on the way we see the market, the environment, the opportunities we're chasing, as we go through the year. I think as we've done pretty clearly, over the last couple of years, we'll communicate as much as we can, but right now, we expect and our folks up in the tactical business expect that we'll have a good year and a book-to-bill over 1. And I think, at this point, that's all we're able to communicate.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Gautam. You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Operator, we will take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Your line is open.
Rubun Dey - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, guys. This is actually Rubun on for Carter.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Rubun.
Rubun Dey - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Bill, do you think you can speak to more specifically, I guess, like how much op profit and EBITDA you expect to be leading with the CapRock business here. I just wanted to try to get my head around some of the metrics of the deal. Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. We expect revenue in that CapRock commercial business this year at about $300 million. We did about $75 million and we're sort of at a level run rate for the year, so about $300 million. And it's a mid single-digit ROS business, so call it, 5% to 6%. And it's got $35 million, $37 million of D&A. So that can help you with some of the metrics.
Rubun Dey - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: All right, everyone, thank you so much for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder this call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Pamela Padgett, Vice President-Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. I am Pamela Padgett. On the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on a related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation on Harris', SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included in the quarterly material on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call is also available. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everybody. Overall, fiscal 2016 was a solid year, and I am pleased with our performance. Earnings per share increased 11% to $5.70 and organic revenue down 7%. Operating margins were up 60 basis points to 16.2% and free cash flow was strong at $772 million. Book-to-bill was greater than 1. And we executed well against the key priorities we set out at the beginning of the year. First was, successfully integrated Exelis, a company which added scale, a broader portfolio of technologies, new market opportunities and improved operating resilience and moving faster in achieving greater savings than initially expected. We exited fiscal 2016, year one of integration at a net savings run rate of $120 million the top end of what we originally committed to by year three. And we're tracking well towards achieving $140 million to $150 million net as we exit fiscal 2017. The second priority was to continue to reshape our portfolio. And in April we sold the Aerostructures business we acquired with Exelis at an attractive multiple using the proceeds to pay down debt. The third priority was to maximize free cash flow when we exceeded our guidance of $750 million to tight management of capital spending and a four-day improvement in working capital, absorbing over $100 million in cash restructuring and integration costs and $174 million in cash, pension contributions. And finally, our fourth priority was the de-leverage and during the year we retired $650 million in debt, about one-third of our three year debt reduction goal allowing us to rebalance our capital deployment priorities as we reinitiate share repurchases in fiscal 2017 with a placeholder of $150 million. And we executed these priorities, we are also continuing to drive operational excellence deep into the company to lower costs and improve program execution, reinvesting some of the savings in R&D to drive future growth. Company-funded R&D was again this year a little more than 4% of revenue, a spending rate higher than our peers, and which has led to a number of important strategic wins. So let me provide a few highlights on the quarter before Rahul discusses our detailed segment financial performance. Fourth quarter earnings per share was $1.45, up 10%, with results benefiting from the acquisition, a lower tax rate and improved operating performance. Operating profit was up 6% and margin improved by 190 basis points on organic revenue down 6%. Improved performance was driven by the capture of synergy savings, lower costs and solid execution within Space and Intelligence, Electronic Systems and Critical Networks all contributing to higher income and higher margin. Space and Intel had another terrific quarter with revenue up 10% and operating margin up 510 basis points, following an equally impressive Q3 with continued strength in the classified area including space superiority and protection. We're successfully leveraging our broader technology portfolio and in the quarter we were awarded a $104 million contract as primed in a new classified mission area that could potentially develop into another key franchise for Harris. In the Commercial Space market we are seeing the beginning of a recapitalization and fleet expansion cycle. Following an award in Q3 for a new 18-meter space reflector, we received in the fourth quarter a contract from Airbus for a 12-meter folded rib reflector for the European Space Agency's Biomass satellite. Our opportunity pipeline in this area remains robust heading into fiscal 2017. The Electronic Systems also delivered excellent results with revenue up 4% driven by higher electronic warfare and counter IED sales and 910 basis points of margin expansion. Electronic warfare was up in both Q3 and Q4 coming off a weak first half, and we continued to win modernizations on legacy platforms with orders for the year doubling over prior year. And significantly, following the close of the quarter, ES received a two-year $189 million contract from a country in the Middle East to provide the land forces with an integrated battle management system, showcasing our competitive strength as a prime contractor providing an integrated solution. The contract is for one brigade, but there are opportunities to add three more land brigades, sustainment, radios and an operations center to incorporate in air, navy and ground force communications. This contract also positions us well for similar projects in other countries in the region. And while Critical Networks was down 6%, it was better than expected, and strong cost controls and program execution along with savings from prior quarter restructuring actions at CapRock drove 310 basis points of margin expansion in this segment. On the other end of the spectrum, Communication Systems was weaker than expected with revenue down 24% and margins 250 basis points lower than prior year. Tactical communications declined 29% with legacy Harris down 40% with book-to-bill of 0.92. In the international market, funding remains relatively solid, but our $1.77 billion follow-on contract that supports foreign military sales took longer to finalize than expected and, coupled with an overburdened administrative approval process for task orders, caused several opportunities to stretch out beyond the end of the year. In July, we booked all the revenue that slipped from 4Q. The U.S. tactical market was also soft in the quarter as we're starting to see more cautious customer buying behavior in advance of a likely CR this fall. So while I'm disappointed by the fall-off in Communication Systems, I'm really proud of how the team responded to meet the earnings and cash flow guidance presented in our Q3 call, pointing to the operating resilience of the new post-acquisition Harris. Today we are initiating guidance for fiscal 2017, reflecting continued progress and solid execution of our strategy. We expect earnings per share of $5.70 to $5.90, flat to up 4%, on organic revenue down 1% to 4%, with operating margin continuing to increase due to synergies, lower costs and pension tailwind and with another year of strong free cash flow. We have set fiscal 2017 guidance expectations for tactical in line with the slower environment we're currently experiencing, and we believe we are being appropriately conservative in our estimates. So, before turning the call over to Rahul to provide some detailed segment results and guidance, I'd like to comment on the joint press release with JANA Partners issued earlier today. As a result of constructive engagement with JANA, we reached an agreement to appoint two mutually agreed independent directors to our board. One will be announced in early September and both will be nominated in our proxy for the October Annual Meeting. We have an ongoing dialogue with all of our shareholders and we welcome their input. We have a long history of strong corporate governance and we are firmly committed to maximizing long-term value for all of our shareholders. We look forward to the contributions that these two new directors will bring to the board. So with that, let me turn it over to Rahul.
Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Just to remind you, discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis. So turning now to segment detail on slide five and comparisons to prior year pro forma results. Organic revenue comparisons exclude Aerostructures and, just like prior quarters, are as if Exelis and Harris were combined for all of fiscal 2015. Communication Systems segment revenue was $436 million and down 24% compared to prior year. Tactical Communications was down 29% and Public Safety down 10%. Higher tactical revenue in Europe and Central Asia was more than offset by lower tactical revenue in Northern Africa due to the expected completion of a large modernization tranche and by lower revenue in the Middle East. And even though the Middle East market remains relatively soft, revenue from the region was up sequentially. Operating income in the fourth quarter was $120 million and operating margin was still strong at 27.5% even on much lower revenue. We ended the year with legacy tactical backlog of $402 million and slightly lower than the third quarter backlog of $419 million, as a result of orders that pushed out from the $1.77 billion IDIQ from fourth quarter that Bill just referenced. On slide 11, we have again included historical information for legacy tactical orders, revenue and backlog. Turning to Space and Intelligence Systems on slide six, revenue was $529 million, up 10% compared to prior year, driven by higher revenue from a number of new classified programs, including in the area of space superiority and protection. Operating income in the fourth quarter was $83 million and operating margin was strong at 15.7% compared with last year's operating margin of 10.6%. In addition to the classified orders that Bill has already addressed, Harris was awarded a three-year $38 million contract for Advanced Baseline Imager spare modules for weather monitoring aboard NOAA's GOES-R satellites. This win is an excellent example of the complementary nature of combining Exelis' sensor capability for satellites with Harris' ground processing capability. Turning to Electronic Systems on slide seven. Revenue was $381 million and up 4% on an organic basis compared to prior year with higher revenue in electronic warfare and counter IED systems. Operating income in the fourth quarter was $73 million and operating margin was solid at 19.2% compared with last year's operating margin of 10.1%. Turning to Critical Networks on slide eight, revenue was $575 million and down 6% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from FAA's NextGen modernization programs was more than offset by lower revenue in IT services and from the wind-down of two major programs mentioned in previous earnings calls and lower revenue in CapRock's energy business. Operating income in the fourth quarter was $81 million and operating margin was 14.1%. Margin improvement was in large part driven by previous CapRock cost reduction actions that resulted in CapRock's energy business returning to profitability in the fourth quarter despite significantly lower revenue than the third quarter. So moving to slide nine and 10, today we are initiating fiscal GAAP EPS guidance in a range of $5.53 to $5.73 and non-GAAP EPS in a range of $5.70 to $5.90. Non-GAAP EPS excludes about $30 million to $35 million of integration costs. To remind you, non-GAAP guidance still includes approximately $132 million, or about $0.70 per share of Exelis acquisition intangible amortization. Revenue is expected to be in a range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, down 1% to 4% on an organic basis, excluding Aerostructures. EPS guidance reflects a change in FAS accounting methodology. Today, we've used a – historically we've used a single discount rate for calculating the interest and service cost associated with pension obligations. Beginning in fiscal 2017, we will measure the FAS pension cost in a given year, using a spot rate approach. We adopted this approach as we believe it provides a more precise measurement of our pension service and interest cost since it matches each year's individual spot rate to the projected cash flows in that year. We also reduced our expected pension asset rate of return assumption by 25 basis points to 7.75% for 2017. EPS guidance also includes $150 million in share repurchases plans during the year. Other EPS guidance details are outlined on slide nine, including an expected tax rate of 31% in line with fiscal 2016 results. We expect free cash flow to be approximately $800 million in fiscal 2017. We ended fiscal 2016 with 49 day of working capital, a reduction of four days from the beginning of the year. Our fiscal 2017 guidance reflects continued improvement in working capital performance and CapEx spend of approximately $175 million. Turning now to segment guidance. In Communication Systems, revenue is expected to be down 7% to 9% with significant decline in Tactical Communications and Public Safety trending higher. Within Tactical Communications, Harris legacy DoD is expected to be flat to up and legacy international down in mid-teens. In legacy DoD, we expect fourth quarter's cautious buying behavior to continue. However, we also expect MUOS and initial army modernization to contribute revenue in low tens of millions each. In legacy international, since the third quarter earnings call, our views have not changed significantly on where we expect areas of opportunity and challenges in fiscal 2017. Overall, we expect revenue to be once again underpinned by FMS funding support for opportunities in Eastern Europe, Middle East Africa and Central Asia. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 29.5% to 30.5% reflecting the impact of lower revenue offset by synergies from Exelis acquisition. In Space and Intelligence System, revenue is expected to be up 1% to 3% with continuing strength in classified and uptick in commercial space. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 16% to 17%. In Electronic Systems, revenue is expected to be up 1% to 3% on an organic basis. Revenue will be higher in electronic warfare driven by the growth in backlog in 2016 and in C4I given the recent significant $189 million win that Bill just referenced. Segment operating margin is expected to improve to a range of 20% to 21%. In Critical Networks, revenue is expected to be down 3% to 6% with mission networks revenue trending higher due to our solid FAA franchise and international air traffic management opportunities. This is being a more than offset by continued weakness in CapRock energy and still tough comparison IT services. For IT services we expect revenue to stabilize at approximately $225 million to $250 million a quarter. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 12% to 13%. So now let me turn it back to Bill for a few closing comments.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thank you, Rahul. Overall fiscal 2016 was a solid year, excellent progress in a multiyear strategy to successfully integrate Exelis and realize the full synergies and accretion. We'll continue to drive our operational excellence program to not only lower costs but also to streamline processes, improve program execution and increase customer satisfaction. And we'll continue to reinvest in R&D to grow our core franchises and address near adjacencies where technology and innovation are differentiators. An important part of our strategy to drive shareholder value is optimizing our business portfolio by focusing on investments in which technology provides differentiation. We dispassionately, objectively and aggressively assess which businesses strategically fit and are a better value to Harris, as well as which businesses maybe a better value on their own or with a third-party. When we believe a business is not core to our strategy to drive shareholder value, we undertake proactive steps as evidenced by the recent sale of Aerostructures and the sale of our Commercial Healthcare and Broadcast Communications businesses in prior years. We will continue to assess our portfolio with the goal of enhancing shareholder value creation. And as Rahul just described fiscal 2017 guidance, while we still expect revenue headwinds to persist, we also expect additional acquisition savings and our continuing focus on lowering cost to result in higher fiscal 2017 earnings. Our guidance anticipates a continuing resolution through the end of this calendar year, and the spending constraints it typically creates until the budget is passed; especially on our shorter cycle tactical business. Longer term, we expect positive momentum in Space and Intel. and Electronic Systems to continue, and we also anticipate a recovery in the tactical market driven by army and SOCOM modernizations, as well as other international modernizations such as in Australia and in the Middle East and Northern Africa. And with that I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Unknown Speaker: Our first question today comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Pete.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: The decline in U.S. radio volume in the fourth quarter and kind of going into fiscal 2017, and just with sort of the expectation for continuing resolution, is that softness kind of across all the services and across special forces or just the Army? And can you maybe characterize if the CR goes into first quarter of next calendar year, how much incremental pressure there might be?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it was pretty broad across the services. It was not in special operations, but it was pretty broad across the other services, mainly base type business, resets, sustainment spares, other things that we saw. And it's not really in our view a need-based push out, it's really based on just some cautionary behavior on expectations of a continuing resolution which again we are expecting through the end of this calendar year. I won't speculate today as to what the impact might be if it moves beyond the end of December, but I think it would probably put some pressure on the backend of our year if the CR moves out beyond December.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. I will just ask one more and get back in queue.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Yeah.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: It sounds like you've factored the MUOS upgrade pretty substantially in your 2017 guidance. I think, you said previously the money for that is already appropriated. Is that so, and so would there be upside to your guidance from that, and maybe give us a sense of what the Army is kind of thinking on that program specifically right now?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really across the services and it's not so much Army driven; it's other services. But it's a – we're making very good progress. Most – in fact, all of the certifications are in place. The testing is complete. We have interim NSA certification; right now, getting a formal NSA cert should happen over the next several months. It's really administrative process more than anything, and once we get the formal NSA cert, it should trigger some orders happening. We have about $10 million in backlog right now in MUOS and we do see, as a Rahul pointed out, in next year tens of millions of opportunities in MUOS. We still feel very, very good about that opportunity in fiscal 2017, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, okay, great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much. I have two questions. First, talk for a minute about Critical Networks, and I mean, there's sort of two things, one is you were able to restructure CapRock so that it's profitable, can you outline how you've – I mean, what some of the accomplishments were and how you think about the sustainability of it? And then, also can you talk about win rates in the service business, Bill?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. Let me start with CapRock. The – we exit the year about what we thought about $60 million in the quarter in CapRock energy. So, it was down quite a bit year-over-year in the fourth quarter probably around 35%, for the year in 2016 down about 25%. With oil sitting down in the low $40s, now we see a bit of incremental pressure, although there's some service companies out there that are expecting some recovery into 2017 and maybe the back end of 2017. We do see another step down next year, we're sizing it about 25%. We took some pretty aggressive restructuring actions really over the last 12 months to 18 months, but you recall pretty significantly as we exited Q2 and those are starting to take hold. We lost money in CapRock energy in Q3, we returned to profitability in Q4. And that's part of the reason why you see the CN segment, Critical Networks segment being a little more profitable in Q4, part of it comes from some turnaround in the CapRock business. So I think, we've sized it for next year. We expect to make money in CapRock energy next year, but we do see another step down in that segment again about 25%. On the services side, we were down 10%, 11% in the services in the quarter; for the year down about 22% in the services side, mission sustainment, which was about what we had expected, maybe a little bit better in Q4, but about what we expected. We do see another step down next year, sort of in a high single digit range. We have a pretty good pipeline of opportunities. We ended fiscal 2016 in that business with a book-to-bill of one. So we're holding backlog going into next year. We had previously said about a third of that business was up for re-compete and was going to put some pressure into 2017. We're now guiding to that pressure into 2017. But some of the re-competes are now behind us. I think, we're faring pretty well. There's a few that is still ahead of us. What we're seeing here is that the re-competes, we're winning them. Where we do win them, they're coming as – instead of single vendor, they're more multivendor or IDIQs instead of regular contracts. So we still have to compete for task orders. So we do still see some revenue pressure in 2017 in services, but not quite as the downturn we saw in 2016, Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: That's very helpful. And then, your joint press release with JANA sounds to be very constructive. Can you elaborate a little bit on the dialogue and what you're looking for in the independent directors?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first off, the – it was constructive. They've become a major shareholder. We welcome input from all of our shareholders. We have very active dialogue with everybody. We reached an agreement to add two new independent directors to the board, and we talked – and you'll read in the 8-K and the agreement that we filed a little bit about that. One will be announced in early September, both will stand for election at our Annual General Meeting in October. But beyond that, I don't think I'll comment on any other conversations with them or any other particular shareholder, Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: I understand. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning. Bill, I think around the time of the acquisition you've put out a long-term cash flow target, I think, for fiscal 2019 of $1 billion of free cash flow, and so the forecast for 2017 is $800 million. Is that target still operative and can you talk about the ways that you get there?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. In fact, we feel very good first off about where we came out in fiscal 2016, with a lot of puts and takes, above the $750 million guidance, so we came in at $772 million. We feel good about how we delivered that, absorbing pretty substantial pension and cash integration costs, very good improvement in working capital as we had signaled we would have. We continue to tightly manage our capital spending. So next year we guided to about $800 million in free cash flow with a little bit of a step up in capital spending, although we remain very, very tight on that at $175 million. We still see a path to getting to $1 billion by fiscal 2019. That was a three year goal that we set out. And it comes from the same things we described before on this call. Certainly the integration savings roll in this year and sort of hit steady state really going into 2018. We see lower cash integration costs. We see lower cash interest expenses. We see some additional working capital performance improvements. And since we've closed about 50% of our floor space or about 2 million square feet, we do see some additional capital spending efficiencies as we get further out in time. So those are the still – they still remain, Seth, to be the key drivers of hitting $1 billion in 2019.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And just as a quick follow-up on MNVR, there was some talk in the press about an OT&E evaluation with – that they found some issues with it. Do you still expect it to go forward with an award this quarter?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we do. We do expect Milestone C occurring later this quarter. And just to go back a little bit, we had a very good user test – limited user test back in October of last year. The Army validated the need for the mid-tier radio at 16.2 back in May, so it was very good. It was – you need the mid-tier to connect the upper and lower tactical tiers, and they've shown that. They also showed, which was the key intention of the test, was that you needed a radio like MNVR to operate in SATCOM denied or degraded environments, and it performed well. Our radio meets all the CPD requirements, and we do expect a Milestone C later in this year. The questions that were raised were really around weight – really SWaP in general, and range. And we met the original – we met the requirements. We do see opportunities to improve that over time.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Your line is open.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Carter.
Operator: Carter, check your mute button.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we will come back around to Carter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, good morning, Noah.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bill, I wondered if you'd speak to where you expect domestic and international legacy – in the legacy Harris tactical radio business, where you expect book-to-bill to trend through your upcoming fiscal year?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're not going to give guidance on the book-to-bill. What we've given guidance on today is what we think is going to happen in the revenue environment. And we see the DoD business to be flat to up a little bit slightly going into next year. We ended the year around $70 million more or less in Q4. You see it in the back of the appendix in the DoD tactical business. We see that same cautious behavior continuing into next year, but then on top of that, we see tens of millions of opportunities in two areas as Rahul mentioned, Army modernization opportunities, which would include the MNVR opportunity, as well as on MUOS and that should bring us to flat to up slightly. We do see another step-down next year in the international business. We see that our pipeline still remains pretty healthy in that business, but we do see that business down sort of mid teens going into next year. Not a lot really has changed in many ways since our Q3 release in terms of the overall sets of risks and opportunities that are still out there. We still see some good funding on the horizon. But we see that business down a little bit going into next year. And maybe, Noah, I'll just give you a little bit more color on this, as we look out into 2017, we see about a third of that business is in Europe, which as you know we've talked before and 2016 was coming off a pretty good record year, Eastern Europe and the Ukraine remained very, very solid. We still see that strong going into 2017, but it would be down slightly from what was a record year. We see about a third of the businesses in the Middle East and Africa where we do expect to see a relatively slow pace to continue, revenue to be flat to down slightly. Iraq remains one of our biggest opportunities in the Middle East. There's another country in the Middle East which we see a little bit of recovery offset that, but again that Middle East Africa should be probably down slightly to flat in next year. The balance of the business or about 10% to 15% each in Asia-Pac and Australia; Australia should be – that region should be flat to up a little bit because Australia is going to come in a little bit stronger next year. We see Central America, Latin America to be flat to up slightly a little bit. We do see Brazil a little bit weaker. We see Mexico a little bit stronger, but that region up a little bit. But really as we look out to the next year, the big challenge we're facing is really in Central Asia, in particular in Afghanistan, as a pretty big program runs from lots of new radios in the past to more sustainment in 2017 and beyond. And that's really the biggest piece of the headwind going into next year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So I appreciate all that color, it's helpful. I think, you're just starting your fiscal 2017. You've just given guidance for fiscal 2017, so it's a little unfair to go down this line of questioning. But I think that investors in the market are not particularly concerned with 2017 and are looking further out because you've won all these new programs that don't kick in until after 2017. The defense budget is only just starting to bottom, and so there's a lot of potential positive prospects beyond 2017. But on the other hand, your bookings keep trending to be relatively soft. You're talking about softer DoD, cautious buying behavior, which is not particularly consistent with I guess what a lot of other defense companies are saying. And so, point being, there's just sort of a lot of uncertainty around the growth trajectory beyond 2017 recognizing that's not the most fair question given where you are. I don't know if there's any way you could speak to those inputs even directionally to give some people some comfort in that part of the model.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, sure. Look, while we're seeing some pressure in 2017, when you see us already (33:54) down 1% to 3%, 1% to 4% next year. We've got two business segments that are coming up and coming off of a pretty good back half that's Electronic Systems and Space and Intel. So those are performing very, very well, and we expect that to continue. Within Critical Networks, we see our mission networks FAA business to be – it's been strong this past year, very strong in the second half of 2016, continuing up next year, good international opportunities. So we see that continuing to grow going into next year. We think service is going to stabilize as we get beyond 2017 into 2018, so won't be as much of a drag. And then on the CS segment, we see that segment down next year, but when you look at two things; one, the pace of awards and actions happening on Army modernization and SOCOM modernization those activities are moving quickly. Our Rifleman Radio is now through both customer test and qual test. The Manpack radio is now through qualification test. They expect to go into delivery orders in the early part of our Harris fiscal 2018. SOCOM moves – is moving nicely. We do see substantial budget upticks in 2017 from 2016, as well then in 2018 from 2017, so very good strong funding support for that. On the international side, the pipeline remains very, very strong. The needs are out there. The funding is not moving at a pace as we had expected, but there is strong need that's out there. The pipeline is pretty robust. And going out beyond 2017, we see markets like Australia to be quite significant and big contributors as we get into 2018. So we still believe that 2018 will be a growth year for Harris Corporation, and I think, we're positioning ourselves well to grow in that time period.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And just one final question, the...
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...the remaining portfolio reshaping potential that you pointed to, is everything on the table there? I mean, could we see entire reporting segments as part of that process? Is that at least in the scenario analysis or are we only looking at smaller piece of the business?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to comment on any specific analysis that's going on right now inside the company, no. We're – you know again, I wouldn't add more than what I was – I said in my prepared remarks, which I thought very carefully about. We're looking at this aggressively and dispassionately making sure that we keep businesses that add value long-term to our owners, and that's all we're prepared to talk about today.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Thanks. So I was wondering could you quantify, you mentioned that some of the Q4 slipped that are tactical product in Q1. Could you quantify that for us, then I've a couple other questions.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, just in terms of just the math that we gave in terms of guidance, we said the tactical business – legacy tactical would be down high single digits. You can see it came down about 14%, just the math would indicate it's sort of $65 million to $70 million slipped out into fiscal 2017.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And I have a follow-up. Can you talk about the FMS task orders that you were talking about having moved to the right a little bit? Size them for us and could you gauge whether those are incremental year-to-year? It doesn't sound like you've given the guidance of down mid-teens.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Sure, look, I mean, about the...
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: What should we expect?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: No, I'm just curious, I mean, I'm trying to square it because it looks like there's some things you're going to catch up, but the guidance is down quite a bit.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, look – the – so again, about $65 million, $70 million moved out. A little more than half of that was international, little less than half of that was on the DoD side. So on the international side, it was several different opportunities about two-thirds of which really came out of the Middle East Africa region. And really got hung up by sort of a late, late approval on the $1.77 billion IDIQ, and then it just took some time to get the task orders through the system. And as we pointed out, we did recognize revenue for those opportunities here in July. And I wouldn't characterize it as anything more than – whether it's incremental or not, we gave our guidance for 2017, we do see the international business to be sort of down mid teens going into next year.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. So just squaring that, mid teens implies $140 million decline. You mentioned the legacy DoD flat to up, so maybe you net down $120 million, $130 million, something like that. Could you help us understand what happens to core legacy RF tactical margins in that scenario? I understand that the integration synergy benefits the overall Comm. Systems, but are tactical RF margins going to be down, and if so how much?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We've weathered this past year on a tactical business down about 14%. We weathered that downturn and had pretty good margins in 2016 and we expect to have good margins going into 2017 as well. Integration savings are a key component of that, Gautam. In fact, the significant relocation of the Fort Wayne production facility into Rochester was a tactical radio opportunity and those – and that's those savings are going to hit us in 2017 and that does backstop our margins in fiscal 2017 offsetting what would happen to be some pressure from top line coming down.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And then last one, Bill, could you give us an update on the size of your international and DoD legacy RF pipeline and also relatedly, you may have answered it, I may have missed it, the book-to-bill expectation for tactical RF this year and perhaps any phasing, because it sounds like second half you will have some of those 18 opportunities start to convert to orders. I'm thinking JTRS Manpack Australia and the like but I haven't heard much about the first half and I'm just wondering if you could calibrate an overall tactical RF book-to-bill first half versus second half? Thank you.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Gautam. Look, I'm not going to give much color around book-to-bill for the year. For the company overall we do see a slightly better back half and front half, simply just by the nature of the expectations of the CR, it's going to be slightly backend loaded, but not much unusual from what we've seen in the prior year's, maybe a tick-up in the back half from what we seen before. So I won't really size or shape the tactical business for fiscal 2017. On the pipeline, the DoD pipeline still remains pretty healthy. It's in the $900 million to $1 billion size. And we do start to see more of the modernization opportunities starting to come into the pipeline. On the international side, the pipeline remains about $2.6 billion. We said last time about $2.9 billion. The big opportunity we had in there that drove it to $2.9 billion was Australia, $600 million. We feel good about the opportunity. It's still out there. As we gotten into detailed negotiations with Australia, they may split that into two pieces, they may do $300 million, $350 million at the back end of our fiscal 2017, the balance may slip out a little bit beyond that. And that was the key driver of bringing down our international pipeline to about $2.6 billion. But it's still sitting at a very robust level, which gives us some confidence of growth in fiscal 2018 as a company overall.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. I'm sorry, so that was my last one. I did want to ask Rahul, if you could just talk about where the unfunded pension and OPEB now ends fiscal 2016, and what if any implications that has on cash contributions longer term. Thank you.
Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So our total pension deficit, Gautam, increased by about $100 million to $2.3 billion from $2.2 billion, and this includes both the pension and the OPEB liabilities. So we previously said that our pension liabilities increased about roughly $180-ish million for every 25 basis points reduction in discount rate, and the discount rate changed by 40 basis points. But that was partially offset by the contributions we had made and certain changes in the postretirement benefits. So our total deficit ended at $2.3 billion, up $100 million from where we ended last year. It really has no impact on our contributions because that's a kind of a different formula. Our total contributions will go up a little bit next year because the discount rate at which we calculate with the contributions is coming down, and also, the rate of return on assets need to be factored in. So contributions are up about $10 million, $15 million year-over-year, but that also gets offset by the cash reimbursements that we get from the government.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you, guys.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Can you hear me this time, guys?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We can hear you, Carter, yes.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Perfect. Malfunctioning mute button there. So just a couple of quick ones, as a lot of these have been asked. On the pension, Rahul, can you size for us where those incremental tailwinds went in the segments, just to kind of get a sense of what impact that had on the margins? And then, Bill, at least from a high level, I understand that it's classified, but this new win and new franchise that could be bigger longer term, can you help us from a high level just to understand the size and scale and maybe the growth prospects of what that is? Thanks.
Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. So let me start, Carter, and Bill can take the second one. So the FAS pension benefit is, as you know, is largely on the Exelis portfolio. So by the nature of that, that went to Space & Intel, ES and Critical Networks because that's where the majority of the FAS benefit is just given where the Exelis business happens to be in our business. And you can see the margins in those segments did get a benefit from those FAS contributions or FAS changes.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And on the classified one – go ahead, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm just thinking if we assume 40%, 40%, 20%, kind of split between those segments to kind of get a sense of what the underlying margin movement is, is that a fair split?
Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: With the changes, yeah, if you assume 40%, 40%, 20%, I don't think you'll be that far off in terms of those three segments.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Okay, sorry.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And on the classified piece, you're right, I mean, we really can't provide a lot more color on that other than what we've talked about. But I'm very pleased and very proud of what the team has done over the course of fiscal 2016, certainly in the back half in our proprietary business, classified business. A lot of this relates to using different capabilities acquired with Exelis, combining with what Harris legacy has, moving from sensors to systems to now providing end-to-end solutions. And that allows us to have a different conversation with customers on where we can plug in as a prime mission provider. And these things evolve over time. The team has done a fantastic job of articulating our newfound capabilities, and the customers recognizing that and providing opportunities back to Harris Corporation. So I really can't say much more than that other than we're performing very, very well in a classified space with good back funding support and with a lot of good, strong prospects into the future.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And one last clarification. I know you highlighted Iraq as an opportunity last quarter and it sounds like in your response to Gautam's question, Iraq is still an opportunity. So I guess, are we to assume that none of that has entered the backlog just yet?
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I won't talk about what we've certainly booked in the month of July in terms by country, but it is an opportunity in fiscal 2017, what slipped from June moved into 2017. There was you recall back when we announced our Q3 earnings, we recalibrated guidance for tactical and part of it was an opportunity for Iraq that moved into 2017, that is still sitting out here. That is going to happen. There's funding support for that. Iraq remains one of our biggest opportunities, certainly for next year, but also more importantly in terms of a longer term pipeline. There's lots of opportunities in Iraq. It comes both in the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Interiors, different funding support – funding backstop (46:48) support, but it's really a good opportunity for us going into 2017 in our tactical business.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Bill.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Carter.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question for today is a follow-up from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah. Thanks guys. I guess, Rahul, I was wondering if you can give us a full depreciation amortization forecast for fiscal 2017 and then I mean you guys did a good job of beating your free cash flow guidance in 2016 despite kind of all the headwinds. So I'm just wondering, if you could talk about maybe how much upside opportunity that could be in 2017 if we avoid some of the incremental headwinds that we saw in 2016?
Rahul Ghai - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So we've mentioned our amortization is roughly the same year-over-year on the Exelis deal, beyond that we would not like to comment. In terms of our cash flow, listen, we feel good about the $800 million if you look at the kind of the $770 million that we did this year with the tailwind that Bill mentioned on coming off the integration cost adjusted for tax. We do have some pension income that is non-cash, and then a little bit of CapEx changes and then working capital improvement, that gets us to about $800 million, we feel good about that. And I really don't want to go beyond that at this point.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I don't think depreciation and amortization in total is changing in 2017 versus 2016, it's about flat, so there's not an incremental contribution in cash going into 2017, Pete, on D&A.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise. But later on, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session; instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. You have the floor.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2016 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; and Rahul Ghai, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And first, before we get started, few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on a related discussion, please see the press release, the presentation on Harris' SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call will also be available. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everybody. Third quarter results were solid with operational earnings benefiting from the continuing ramp in synergy savings. Total company orders and revenue were sequentially higher and book-to-bill was a very strong 1.12, driven by Space & Intelligence Systems, Electronic Systems and Critical Networks. We delivered good bottom-line results despite the impact of lower tactical radio revenue from the Middle East, demonstrating that the added scale of the Exelis acquisition has broadened our business and is contributing to improved operating resiliency. Looking to the full year, and the now slower pace in the Middle East, together with a DOD tactical radio opportunity that has slipped into next year, we're adjusting our fiscal 2016 earnings per share guidance to about $5.70, the bottom end of the prior range on revenue of about $7.5 billion. Rahul will provide more color in a minute, but the only segment that's changing is Communication Systems where we're now expecting legacy tactical revenue to be down high single-digits with similar declines in both international and DOD. So let me start with a little color on what's driving the change. We started the year anticipating Harris legacy international a flat to down, even though we were coming off several years of strong expansion in international, including a record fiscal 2015. But at the time, we had started to see some opportunities in the Middle East market stretch out a bit. The first half of the year played out about as we thought with international revenue up 5%, including higher revenue from the Middle East as a result of strong FMS funding support. And while we were expecting a year-over-year back half decline in the Middle East, we anticipated sequential revenue growth. But the combination of fiscal pressures and funding priorities, both in country and with the U.S. government, as well as a slow FMS approval process, have shifted opportunities to the right. We believe the slow pace in the Middle East is temporary. Security issues and the need for more capable tactical communications are unchanged and the FMS funding support remains strong for the region with additional money earmarked in the GFY 2017 President's Budget request. In the U.S. tactical market, while our book-to-bill was above one in the quarter, MUOS upgrade opportunities expected in fiscal 2016 are now unlikely to begin before the end of the year. While the MUOS capability is designed into our new two-channel Manpack for the U.S. Army, we've also adapted the waveform so that could be easily ported through a simple download into our 117G radios, 30,000 of which are currently fielded in DOD inventory. We've demonstrated connectivity between our radio and the satellite. We're on track to receive NSA certification shortly, and customers across several services are anxious to benefit from the mobility and higher bandwidth that the MUOS constellation provides. This is a very real and compelling value proposition for our customers and funding for this opportunity has been earmarked in GFY 2016. We anticipate this funding converting to an order for Harris before the end of September. So while fiscal 2016 is a bit softer than expected in Tactical Communications, our outlook is solid and our competitive position has never been stronger. In the DOD, we've won or have a position on every major tactical radio contract awarded in the last five years. The mid-tier radio, MNVR, won in 2013, the Rifleman Radio won last year, the SOCOM two-channel handheld won earlier this year, and most recently, the very large HMS Manpack awarded in February. These are all significant wins for Harris, so let me update you on the latest developments. After more than four years of tenacious effort, the Army awarded Harris a 10-year, $12.7 billion IDIQ contract for the multi-channel Manpack radio, opening a market for Harris which had previously been closed to competition. Qualification and customer tests are starting soon and scheduled to wrap up by the end of our fiscal 2017, with the initial production delivery order award currently scheduled in early fiscal 2018. The $3.7 billion Rifleman Radio procurement is also progressing well. We've now completed both qualification and customer tests, receiving positive feedback on operational capabilities such as range and battery life. An initial production delivery order is expected in the second half of fiscal 2017. SOCOM's modernization is also moving forward and a protest of Harris' single award for the $390 million two-channel handheld radio program was recently resolved in our favor and work has begun. Product deliveries begin in the first half of fiscal 2018. This radio features both communications and ISR capabilities and since SOCOM has long been an early adopter of cutting-edge technology that eventually find its way into the broader DOD and international militaries, it positions us well to compete on a number of other modernization programs. The handheld is part of a broader modernization program that SOCOM has said could reach $900 million and include a new Manpack and HF radio. The Manpack RFP is expected late this summer and contract award before the end of fiscal 2017 with the HF radio following sometime thereafter. On the international front, the pipeline remains about $2.9 billion, and is diverse in terms of regions, countries and customers within the country. And while the near-term velocity has slowed a bit in the Middle East, continued progress is being made elsewhere. In the last earnings call, we mentioned that a $600 million opportunity for Australia's Phase 3 modernization had moved into the pipeline, with an award expected by the end of fiscal 2017. We've now been selected as the preferred supplier, with a significantly broader scope where Harris will now prime to deliver an integrated solution. This is a key part of our long-term growth strategy in international to expand our addressable market, leverage capabilities from across Harris and evolve from a radio supplier to now providing entire systems. Turning to a few highlights in other areas of the company, both Space & Intel and Electronic Systems had strong orders, higher sequential and a year-over-year organic revenue and book-to-bill greater than one. Approximately 70% of Exelis' legacy business reside in these two segments and contributed to the positive sales and orders trend. In Space & Intel, awards from classified customers totaled $329 million, with continued strong budget support for intelligence programs and the ongoing customer focus on space superiority and protection capabilities. On the commercial space side, there are signs of a recapitalization cycle and fleet expansions beginning, and we recently received a $37 million order to provide an 18-meter unfurlable antenna reflector for the JCSAT-17 geostationary communications satellite. The prospects in our space antenna business are stronger today than they've been in the last decade. Within Electronic Systems, we enjoyed another quarter of strong electronic warfare bookings, including $88 million to supply electronic jammers for the F/A-18 aircraft, an excellent example of modernization opportunities on existing platforms with a very long tail. Electronic warfare is now on track in fiscal 2016 to double orders over the prior year and end the year with about $200 million higher backlog. Strong free cash flow generation and deleveraging remain top priorities for Harris and at the end of the third quarter, year-to-date free cash flow stood at $425 million, supporting expectations for the year of $750 million. On April 8, we completed the sale of Aerostructures and used the cash proceeds to pay down debt. So less than a year after closing the Exelis acquisition, we repaid $683 million of term loan debt, which is approximately one-third of the total debt we've committed to repaying over three years. So now, before turning the call over to Rahul Ghai, our new Chief Financial Officer, to cover the detailed financial results and guidance, I want to provide a brief introduction. As you already know, Rahul joined Harris in March of 2015 to lead the finance integration team and was named CFO in early February. By leading the finance integration team over the last year, Rahul has been essential to our integration success and has provided a smooth and natural transition to CFO. Rahul and I worked closely together for five of his 12 years at United Technologies, and again, over the past year, as we've integrated Exelis. I'm confident in Rahul's ability to lead the Harris' finance organization and be a true business partner to me and to the rest of the management team. So Rahul?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Before starting, I'd like to remind you that our discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis. Now, turning to third quarter results and slide three in the presentation. EPS was $1.45 with acquisition savings supporting operating performance and benefiting from a lower than expected tax rate in the quarter. Reported revenue was $1.91 billion compared to $1.19 billion in the prior year. On an organic basis, revenue was down 3%. Strong revenue growth in Space & Intelligence Systems and Electronic Systems was more than offset by lower revenue in IT services and International Tactical, in both legacy Harris and Exelis. Sequentially, revenue was up 3.6% with higher revenue across three of our four segments, with the exception of Communication Systems where revenue was less than one point lower than revenue in the second quarter. EBIT margin for the company held strong at 16.4%, driven by excellent margin performance across all segments and reflecting continuing focus on driving integration savings and lowering costs across the company. Orders in the quarter were $2.1 billion, bringing year-to-date book-to-bill to 1.06 for the company and was greater than one in each segment in the third quarter with the exception of Communication Systems. Within Communication Systems, third quarter book-to-bill for Tactical Communications was 0.8 with legacy Harris business at 0.83. And in the supplemental pages of the presentation, we have included historical order and backlog detail for legacy Harris tactical business. Public safety book-to-bill was a bit disappointing at 0.5 and reflects that while the business is slowly improving, with revenue up 15% in the quarter, we're not beyond the choppiness. In Space & Intelligence, orders strength continued in the classified area. In Electronic Systems, orders were strong in electronic warfare and also in avionics where we received $121 million in follow-on contracts for the F-35. In Critical Networks, FAA funding was a significant driver and both CapRock energy and maritime reported book-to-bill of more than one. For Harris overall, awards are on track to achieve a book-to-bill of one or close to one for the year. So turning to segment detail on slide four and comparisons to prior year pro forma results, as Exelis and Harris were combined for all of fiscal 2015. Communication Systems third quarter revenue was $485 million and down 10%. Tactical Communications revenue was down 16% and public safety was up 15% compared to prior year. Higher tactical revenue in Europe and Central Asia was more than offset by lower revenue in Middle East for both Harris and Exelis legacy businesses and completion of Australia's Phase 2 modernization program. Operating income was $154 million and operating margin was a strong 31.8%. Turning to Space & Intelligence Systems on slide five. Third quarter revenue was $489 million and up 7% compared to prior year, driven by higher revenue from a number of new classified programs, including programs in space superiority. Operating income in the third quarter was $76 million and operating margin was 15.5%. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded $81 million in follow-on contracts with $26 million order to sustain ground-based systems that support U.S. missile warning, missile defense and space surveillance missions from the Air Force for the SENSOR program. Turning to Electronic Systems on slide six. Third quarter revenue was $393 million and up 6% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from the F-35 program and counter IED systems was partially offset by lower revenue from Commercial Broadband Satellite Program terminals. Operating income in the third quarter was $75 million and operating margin was excellent at 19.1%. Just following the close of the quarter, we completed the sale of Aerostructures, which was part of the Exelis acquisition and reported within Electronic Systems. While not material to Harris, we have included historical financial informations of Aerostructures for fiscal 2015 and 2016 in the supplemental section of the presentation. Turning to Critical Networks on slide seven. Third quarter revenue was $551 million and down 10% compared to prior year. Higher revenue from FAA's NextGen modernization programs was more than offset by lower revenue in IT services from the wind-down of two major programs and lower revenue in CapRock's energy market. Operating income in the third quarter was $59 million and operate margin was 10.7%. So moving to slides eight and nine. Total company revenue guidance on an organic basis is revised from down 5% to 6% to down about 7%, driven by lower revenue in Communication Systems. The impact of lower revenue is expected to be partially offset by cost savings across the company and lower taxes. As a result, non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be approximately $5.70 the lower end of the previous guidance range. In Communication Systems, we now expect revenue to be down between 8% to 9% with Harris legacy tactical down high single-digits. With lower volume for the year, operating margin is expected to be about 29% (sic) [29.5%] in the segment, which is at the lower end of the previous range. In Electronic Systems, expectations remain unchanged with the exception of removing Aerostructures for the remainder of the year. With Aerostructures removed, revenue is revised to a range of down 3% to 4% and is equivalent to the previous organic expectations of down 2% to 3%. Operating margin is unchanged at 18% to 19%. And in Space & Intelligence and Critical Networks, expectations remain unchanged. The expected tax rate for fiscal 2016 has been revised from 32.5% to 31%, due to international tax settlements for prior years and from integration steps that have lowered state taxes. Beyond fiscal 2016, we expect to benefit from lower state taxes and now permanent R&D tax credit. So let me turn it back to Bill for a few closing comments.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, thank you, Rahul. A little less than a year ago, we closed on Exelis, a truly transformational acquisition for our company. We're executing well on the integration and our results are benefiting from synergy capture. From day one of integration, we've been tracking a little ahead of schedule in reaching integration targets, which is a great achievement from the team. So as we maneuver through pockets of revenue softness, it's evident that the added scale of the Exelis acquisition has broadened our business and is contributing to improved operating resiliency. With less than a year into the acquisition, achieving our current expectation of about 11% earnings growth is a good outcome. Looking ahead, we expect fiscal 2016's rising trend in earnings to continue into fiscal 2017, supported by higher synergy savings and other cost reduction actions. In the meantime, we'll continue to gain traction in our multi-year strategy to successfully integrate Exelis, lower costs and deliver accretion, shape our business portfolio, drive strong free cash flow and deleverage, all while still investing in technology and new product development to drive future growth. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hi, good morning, guys.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey Bill, I guess on the Australian contract, it seems like one of the largest radio contracts you guys have won as far as I remember. Is that through the protest period I guess number one? And number two, how much of a growth driver can that be for you in fiscal 2017?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first off is we've been named the preferred supplier, but haven't won the award yet. We expect the contract award to occur sometime late in our fiscal 2017, which means revenue from that opportunity extends into and begins in fiscal 2018. So it's still on the horizon. We are very well-positioned, being officially notified by the Australian MOD that we're the preferred supplier, it's a very, very important step in the contract negotiation phase, but we do expect that award to happen sometime in the late of our fiscal 2017. It's very big and we're very pleased with our progress there. And again, it's a key part of our long-term strategy to grow from a radio supplier to now a system supplier. We've talked about that for the last few years.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Oka, that's great. Is it fair to say that $2.9 billion international pipeline still includes Australia in it?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes, it does.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. And just last one, I know we're still a quarter out, but directionally, in fiscal 2017, can you give us a sense of your outlook for communications just given its importance?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first of all, we're not going to provide today any guidance. We're not – we'll come to that in early August. But I think when you talk about communications, you sound – your question seems more directed towards the tactical side, which, as we know, has been more of the important earnings driver. So we're not going to provide some guidance today, but there are several things that are on our radar screen that we'd like to see happen in the near term that will help to shape some of the guidance we'll provide in early August. In the DOD side, both MUOS and the MNVR radio, the mid-tier radio, together will contribute to higher earnings, higher revenue in fiscal 2017. MUOS, which did slip out of the quarter, we expect to receive certifications on that this summer, NSA certification. We've already demonstrated on air performance of both voice and data. It's well supported. Funds are allocated. And it's a very strong and compelling business case and we're very confident that's going to happen over the next several months. On the mid-tier side, on the MNVR, that will be in the tens of millions of dollars. It's well supported in the President's Budget request, as well is in the NDAA that just came out. The network assessment is going on as we speak. And we expect a production award towards the end of the government fiscal year 2016, so around the September timeframe. I think on the international side, which has become a bigger part of our business and it's a very large pipeline, we're looking at what's occurring in Eastern Europe and the Ukraine where we've been very, very strong in fiscal 2016. We need that to continue. We need to see the opportunities that we've seen very well in Iraq in fiscal 2016. We expect that to continue at the same level as we see in 2016, and again, opportunities in Iraq, to us, as we speak today, seem to be well supported. One of the opportunities in the international that slipped out of fiscal 2016 into 2017 is in Iraq, but it's well-funded. We think that that's going to happen in 2017. There's another country in the Middle East we can't name where an opportunity did slip out and we expect that will happen in early 2017 as well. And then, finally, in Central Asia, meaning specifically Afghanistan, we've had a very strong year this year. Opportunities there seem well supported. And we do expect Afghanistan, and more broadly, Central Asia, to be the strong contributor to revenue into next year. Now, outside of Tactical Communications, we have a broader – outside of legacy tactical, we've a broader communications business, including Exelis, the radio business from Exelis, which is mostly international. We've been tracking an opportunity in Saudi Arabia for quite some time. It's about $40 million, $50 million in size for SINCGARS radios for vehicles. It's been hung up in the Saudi Royal Court for a number of months, and we need that to break free as we get into 2017 as well. So maybe, Pete, just a little bit of shape and color around what we expect going into next year.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah. I appreciate it very much. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure, Pete.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: So to follow up on Pete's question, when we look at the absolute level of backlog at legacy tactical, $419 million, it's a pretty low level, obviously, that captures domestic and foreign. Why should we not be concerned about another down year in fiscal 2017 at tactical RF? Or are you willing to say directionally it's going to be flat, up, down? What's your sense, because a lot of what you talked about look like fiscal 2018 sales opportunities?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, most of what I talked...
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: (24:32).
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, yeah, we're not going to comment yet on 2017 in the shape up, down, flat at this point. We provided some additional information on the backlog in the document. I know some of the math that some of the analysts have done on funded backlog. Where we're at today? It's low, it's lowest as it's been in sometime. As we look out over the next 12 months and how much is covered in backlog, it's not all that different from where we were about a year ago. But we do see a number of things that are materializing both in the DOD as well as in the international side much of which we do expect over the course of next year and it's good to see a lot of the international opportunities backstop by throwing a funding support within the U.S. DOD and state department funds.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Can you give us any color on the upcoming quarters? Do you expect book-to-bill to be – you're implying about $300 million of legacy tactical RF revenue in Q4. Do you anticipate that bookings will exceed that or coming below that? And how is it shaping in fiscal Q1? You mentioned MNVR might actually get an award in the September quarter. Are there any other items you can point to, to help us kind of calibrate to what we should expect in the next couple of quarters?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, Gautam, over the course of Q4, we expect to end the year with funded backlog in Tactical in line with Q3 or slightly up. So we do expect to see some decent awards in Q4 about at the level of revenue. So we don't see another step down in backlog at this point, but in line with where we are in Q3. We're not anticipating or providing any guidance on Q1 in the 2017, although we are watching very carefully the network assessment. The funding for MNVR is in the 2016 budget. There's money allocated in the 2017 PBR. It seems to be protected in the NDAA that came out of HASC at about $20 million, $25 million. And we do anticipate a production award occurring in the September timeframe. That could drive revenue beyond that; it may not be in Q1, but we do think that that's going to end up occurring as we get into 2017.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And last two, sorry.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Australia, is it still $600 million with the expanded scope in the pipeline?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. The scope of our work hasn't changed from what we've been communicating before. And this has been in the discussions with the Australian MOD for several years. We've got a very strong group of partners with us. We have a very well-defined scope providing a broader system with radios and it remains about $600 million.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And last one, and I'll turn it over, HMS Manpack, when is the final down select to two?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we expect the customer test for the Manpack to occur between January and May of 2017, and we expect the first delivery order with an August of 2017 decision and delivering around October of 2017. That is our expectation. As we've said before, we see the Manpack as a revenue driver in fiscal 2018 not in fiscal 2017.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So the MUOS slip, is it possible to quantify how much revenue that took out of the fiscal 2016 revenue outlook today?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. It's in the tens of millions of dollars that slipped beyond Q4 into Q1, Q2. It's possible to receive the order late this quarter. It more likely is in Q1 of our fiscal 2017. Over time, it's a pretty substantial opportunity; it's across a number of different services, and we feel very, very good about the capability. As I said in my prepared remarks, the business case on that is really very, very compelling, and we've demonstrated on-air performance of the 117G with MUOS already, and I think it's a great opportunity for us and we're confident it's going to go forward. It may not happen this quarter.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I guess, I'm sort of wondering more broadly, when I looked at the revenue outlook reduction, especially in Comm Systems, kind of, how much of that is general softness across many areas, especially international versus the prior forecast, as opposed to it being one or two or three bigger specific items that slipped into 2017?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, it really comes into three specific opportunities. One is MUOS on the DoD side, which again is tens of millions and drop the guidance down to high single-digits for the DoD side tactical radio in fiscal 2016. That did slip to the right, but we're very confident that's going to happen. On the international side, we saw two opportunities slip to the right. One is in Iraq. It does have funding, but we do expect that to be a first half 2017 event, not in Q4 of 2016. And the other is an opportunity for another country in the Middle East, which we can't name. The funding for that opportunity has been reprioritized, but the customer is working with us on a number of other projects, which we believe will be funded in the first half of our fiscal 2017. So it's relatively isolated to three different specific opportunities that generally just moved out of the quarter.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. That's really helpful. On slide 10 where you've given this historical data on Harris legacy Tactical, you've broken out revenue by domestic and international. Can you tell us what orders were by domestic and international in the quarter?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we're going to stick with the splitting of the revenue for right now, but I would say that the relative mix, Noah, of the ending backlog, between international and DoD is reflective of the balance between international and DoD in the revenue base. So kind of on the order of two-thirds, one third – international, two thirds; DoD, one third.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And why not give those order numbers on that slide? Just competitively or...?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's just something that we're not necessarily prepared to provide today. We'll give that some more thought over the – for the next call that we have, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. It would be helpful.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then what were – specifically, what was the book-to-bill in the other segments where you've quantified it as being over one, can you tell us how far over one or specifically what they were by segment? It sounds like they were pretty good.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yes, we were at about in the Space & Intelligence business just over 1.3. In the Electronic Systems business, we were at about 1.25, and in the CN business, we were at 1.21.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Stallard from Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: On the Manpack award, some of your competitors have been talking about what they have to offer there. I was wondering if you could frame for us where you think Harris is positioned and why you think you're going to win.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we think we've got a very, very strong and compelling offering. We've been working on it for a number of years. We have a very strong, very high share today in the Manpack market within the U.S. DOD and we've developed I think a very good radio in a very large factory where we've got tremendous scale that through the R&D investments we're able to continue to bring features and functionality of the radio over time and use our scale to make sure we're competitive on the cost side. So we think we've got a very, very strong offering for the Manpack.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then, secondly, you highlighted the debt repayment year-to-date, and you're about a third of the way to your target.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: What do you think the profile of debt repayment will be going forward from here?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Good morning. This is Rahul. So we think we had said that we will be about $2 billion in the first three years. So we are tracking to that, and in the first quarter of our fiscal 2017 or just after the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we have about $250 million of debt repayment on one of the old Exelis notes that we will prepay. So I would say between, so it may be a little bit kind of the same pattern between 2017 and 2018 and we'll evaluate as we get into fiscal 2017 if we need to alter that, but I would just spread that equally between 2017 and 2018 at this point. Maybe a little bit lower in 2017 and more in 2018.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: What we said is that also over the next three years, we'll bring our leverage ratio down into the 1.5 range and we're tracking well towards that.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then, just a final one from me, I was wondering if you could size how large your Middle Eastern export sales are in the Communications division?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Middle East for us and broadly Middle East North Africa is about 40%, 45% of our international tactical business.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, Bill. I wanted to address maybe a strategic question. You talk about continuing to optimize the business portfolio. Clearly, the sale of the Aerostructures business was spectacular outcome, but optimize means lots of different things. So could you elaborate on that please?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, we feel very good about where we ended on the Aerostructures business and completing the sale in early April. It's on top of what we did last year on the Commercial Healthcare business and before that Broadcast. So I think we've been – I think pretty dispassionate and pretty aggressive in looking at what is in our portfolio, what strategically fits, what's a better value to Harris versus to an outside party. We also look at the performance of the underlying business. That's actually an important factor, but Howard, as I step back, we are at the heart a technology-based company, really in defense electronics, mission-critical communications. And we want to be in businesses where technology is a discriminator, add some competitive advantage. We spend quite a bit on IRAD, more than 4% as well above our peers, 4% of our revenue. We have about 40% of our population are engineers or scientists and we want to be in businesses where technology can allow us to win and that's a key factor in how we evaluate the portfolio. We've been, again, aggressive and doing something with Aerostructures, and we continue to look at what's in our base to that broader business that we have today.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: That makes a lot of sense. And then, just to build on that, can you talk – we can see the cost synergies from Exelis. Can you talk about a little bit on the sales synergies or where your – where the organization is able to go to market with a package that can somehow accelerate some growth? I mean you did – just to finish on that, you did a nice job I think of outlining what you're doing in radios, but the other markets are very large as well and important as we look at that (37:28).
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, our focus has been, Howard, really around the cost take-out and we've done I think a very good job. We get at it very, very quickly. And we still feel good about hitting our run rate savings as we exit 2017 in that $140 million, $150 million net range, which is more aggressive than we thought. We're closing about 15% of our floor space and that's tracking very, very well. So that has been our number one focus. And that's how we justified the acquisition was really on cost take-out. On the revenue side, yeah, we've got our teams really focused on this. Dana Mehnert who's been over here at Harris for more than 30 years and really built our tactical radio business into what it is today, has now taken on a role as Head of Global Business Development, really with an eye towards how do we grow in major markets around the world where the opportunities might be a little bit outside of the horizon or between businesses or might involve bringing together, strapping together some technology from Exelis with Harris and his focus is really on that. And it's across the gamut, it's across technology, across platforms, across geographies or channels to market. In all of those things, we're starting to see some opportunities. And as we get beyond this year and start to shape 2017, we'll talk a bit more about where they start to – where we're starting to see those opportunities come to fruition. What I'd rather do is talk about the ones that we are actually achieving as we achieved them as opposed to speculating about where they might be. One last point on this, Howard, because I think this is very important and I want to make sure investors don't miss this, it's not just about applying common technology is going after channels. The part of what we're doing in driving operational excellence and integration into cross Exelis is improving program performance. This is very important. The best way to grow a business is performing well on what you're doing today. And in the note that in Rahul's prepared remarks, he talked about the SENSOR program. The SENSOR program was being recompeted, because the performance wasn't quite up to snuff with the Air Force and through a lot of work, the on-time delivery of that program has improved dramatically, and now, we're starting to get awards back on SENSOR and the competition has been canceled going to one of the pieces of SENSOR because of the improved performance. So I feel that we just keep focused on performance and executing very, very well, that will help us grow our business into the future as well.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: And then, one last item.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: You've got again, sort of focused on the top-line a little bit. You've got an enormous amount of data you provide to the FAA and some of that can be remarketed and sold in a value-added manner. How far along are you with that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, our focus right now with the FAA is executing on NextGen programs and FAA today is probably our largest customer. We're on four or five NextGen programs and, of course, we've got the FTI, the telecommunications infrastructure that we're working on. But through Exelis, they had the ADS-B network more than 640 radio towers operating very well long-term contract with the FAA very strong position, and they have unique access to data and that data can be used in other forms for other uses including supporting the integration of UAVs into the North American air traffic control system that is a key part of our strategy. That's an opportunity, it's likely beyond the next couple three-year planning horizon, but clearly, through both technology partnerships and legislation, all of which need to be worked on today to make sure we've got a strong position there over time. So Howard, that is an important focus of ours, and as we get clearer around what our particular strategies there, we'll share that more with investors that's a little bit beyond the planning horizon.
Howard Alan Rubel - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much, Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure, Howard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland from Barclays. Your line is open.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Bill, and welcome Rahul.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Maybe this horse isn't quite dead yet, so I'll beat it again. But I want to talk tactical really quickly, and I know you're not ready to provide 2017 guidance, but you talked about several of these opportunities, which clearly layer in later in next fiscal year and beyond, and you made a comment in your prepared remarks in the closing remarks about sort of short-term movements in revenue. But when you look at that business on a long-term trend line basis, is it your expectation that that trend line is upward sloping when we look out over the next two years, three years, five years because of all of the opportunities that we've been looking at and you've executed on in recent years?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, I think it's a good question, Carter, and clearly, on the DOD side, I think the answer is yes. It is clearly on an upward slope, and I think as I went into some detail on the programs that we won on the DOD side. And the fact that even in the President's Budget, they're well-supported in the DOD, they're well-supported, the procurements are moving forward at a reasonable pace. I feel very confident that the DOD business will be a growth driver for us, certainly, as we get into 2018 and beyond. 2017 is a little bit too soon to call. I do see it coming off the bottom in 2016, in 2017, but I think 2018 is really the growth year, and I think it really relates to the flow in from some of these modernization programs where we're very, very well-positioned including in SOCOM. So the DOD, I think, clearly is a growth driver. On the international side, we've seen fantastic growth over the last few years. We've seen a little bit of softness this year. The pipeline is still very robust. We are still well-positioned. Competitively, we're very strong. Where we are going out to compete, we win almost all the places that we are competing in around the world where we have a position. I think the opportunity in Australia where we become the preferred supplier for a very large contract, which include systems and products, it's an important part of our strategy, because we need to increase the size of the addressable market we're going after in international in order to continue to see growth in that international base over time. But I do see on the DOD side, yes, that that will be a longer-term growth market for us.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. And on a couple others, just looking at the bookings trend and the revenue trend at CapRock, does that business look like it's bottomed now from your perspective?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I think the good news, Carter, is that we haven't adjusted in our outlook for 2016. We haven't changed it based on what's going on in the CapRock business. The energy business is still under a lot of pressure. I know oil prices have recovered a little bit, but still well down. A lot of the energy majors are reporting some pretty terrible numbers right now. For the year, we still expect CapRock energy to be down about 25%. We were down in the 20% range-ish in the first half; it will be worse than that, obviously, in the second half. As we get into Q4, we see the revenue in Q4 in CapRock energy to be on the order of about $60 million in the quarter. So if you just annualize that, you're sort of around $240 million for the year as we exit fiscal 2016. And for perspective, in fiscal 2016 overall, revenue in CapRock energy was around $290 million. So the math would imply that we'll see a little bit of another downturn on an annual basis in 2017 over 2016. 2016, again, is down about 25% from fiscal 2015. So we are seeing another step-down as we get into next year, but it's not different than what we described last time and built into our guidance for this year. I guess, as you saw, the CN margins were down a little bit sequentially. We did lose money in energy in Q3, but we've done quite a bit of restructuring as we laid out to investors back in February, and we do expect the energy business to go back to profitability in Q4, and be less of a profit driver as we get into fiscal 2017.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: When you say less of a profit driver, you (46:13).
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Less of an impact on profit. Yes, exactly. Yes.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, one final one, just a clarification. The increase in the synergies clearly benefits the fourth quarter this year, but does that imply any change to the run rate synergy target on Exelis that you laid out before or this is just faster capture?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's faster capture. We still expect to be at $140 million, $150 million net – $140 million to $150 million net of what we give back to the government, as we exit fiscal 2017. So it's really just a faster capture this year at $80 million, $85 million. We see next year, in year fiscal 2017, integration savings or synergy savings in the $130 million to $135 million range, Carter. So that implies an extra $50 million in the in-year 2017 from 2016.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Carter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much, and good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I have to apologize in advance for asking another 2017 question, but not in terms of numbers, but just very broadly, outside of Communications, when we think about the DoD budget and investment account outlays should be up pretty nicely in government fiscal 2017 when we think about Space and Electronics, and let's say, Critical Networks putting CapRock aside, with DoD investment account outlays growing nicely, is there any reason to expect that any of those segments won't grow?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we see very good trends through the year in our Space business as well as in the Electronic Systems business. It's kind of encouraging to be through the year here in Space and pretty good backlog growth, pretty good book-to-bill through the year, same thing on the Electronic Systems business. It's good to see electronic warfare to be pretty strong, it turns out, over the course of the year and ending a couple of hundred million dollars higher in backlog. At least that bodes well for not another step-down as we get into 2017. But yeah, the budgets look pretty good. There's still a long way to go between where we are today and appropriations bills. But we feel pretty good about the overall outlook. The only cautionary points I would give is on CapRock. We do see again another step down as we get into 2017, just based on where the exit rate happens to be. In our Mission Sustainment business, which was down this year in the 20%, 22%, 23% range mainly because of a couple of big program roll-offs, we've got some work to do there to make sure that we hold that business as we go into next year. It's a very, very competitive landscape. We have about a third of that business that's up for recompete. As we go into next year, the Mission Sustainment or Services business, and we've got to do a little bit of work to make sure that we win on those recompetes. It's something that this management team is pretty well focused on today.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And maybe as a follow-up on cash flow, you maintain the free cash flow guidance for the year, but the CapEx guidance came down. I was wondering if you can talk about the driver there? I mean, was it basically that the uppers in the EPS guidance were kind of non-cash versus the decline in the Communications revenue?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: Yeah.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, you still got a pretty big jump in the CapEx in Q4 and what specifically is driving that?
Rahul Ghai - Harris Corp.: So – yes, you're right. I mean there's no change to our fiscal 2016 guidance on cash flow. Reduction in CapEx is basically offsetting the change in earnings. So, that's where – that's kind of the math we're doing. We still need to get the working capital improvement in the fourth quarter to get to our full year number, but historically, 50% of our cash flow for the year has come in the fourth quarter, and this year we're expecting slightly less than that. So we feel good about that. I mean we have some projects going on and the timing of CapEx kind of differs from quarter-to-quarter and there's just variability within the quarter. So we have some projects going on that need some step-up in CapEx, but we've calculated our outlook for the year. And we think we'll be close to that number that we've guided to.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We feel pretty good, Seth, about the progress we've made over the last several years and just making ourselves a little more capital efficient, and it includes the approval thresholds in the company. On a pro forma basis, a couple of years ago, the companies together would've been around $260 million, $270 million or in the range of 3% of sales and this year, we'll be about 2.3%. We still see some opportunities to continue to be a little more judicious on capital spending going forward. So we feel pretty good about where we stand so far this year in capital.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. This last question is from the line of Chris Quilty from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Bill, just a follow-up on Australia, and the focus on systems. Can you give us an idea of what you end up bundling in, in a system sale in addition to radios and what kind of a revenue multiplier or, I mean does it increase the size of the potential order by 10% or 15% or double it?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, the radios would also include a lot of antenna systems, it's the battle management system, the software systems. There is a variety of other things that we package in to a systems offering to a customer. Every end market is going to be a little bit different. We've had $700 million with a systems opportunity being booked and sold in other markets in the past. If I member right on those markets, because I don't want to talk specifically about Australia, it's probably in the order of around maybe two to ones, with two parts of non-radios to one part radios, in other words, about a third of the opportunity would be radios, thereabouts, and the two-thirds would be other things you package around that.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And when you look at your opportunity pipeline down the road, broadly, what percent of those international opportunities might you convert to more of a systems versus a traditional radio sale?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question. It's something we've been working on for quite some time in the U.S. The U.S. military tends to do their own systems integration. They manage each of the suppliers and the components and then integrate it together, and then test it through what we're seeing today in these network evaluations, these NIEs. On the international side, more and more customers are moving towards buying an installed solution, an integrated solution, and that's I think a good trend and that's heading in our direction. We feel very good that the radio itself is very, very competitive and provides a key source of value and we think we can broaden that and bring other partners on to our team, and in fact, that's exactly what we've been able to do in Australia. Some very important large global players are on the Harris team in Australia, providing components to us. And what that does is it not just provides the radio, but software and other components around that, it does continue to build more stickiness into that and customer coming back to Harris Corporation over time. So we feel very good about the trajectory we happen to be on, on the systems and integrated solutions side internationally.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And who would be your big competitors that are adopting the same approach?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I don't like to get into the competitor, because some of the competitors have found their way on to our team in Australia, and it really varies by market. But I would just say that we've got a lineup of very good suppliers, good partners with us in Australia, and again, we go compete against different people in different markets.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And a clarification on the MUOS, is that a one-time revenue opportunity on the software upgrade or is there any kind of tail?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, there's going to be a – we've been investing quite a bit of IRAD into developing the ability to easily port this MUOS waveform into 117Gs. It sounds more simple in the way I explain it than it really was. It was quite a bit of magic to make this happen and not require any sort of firmware, hardware change out for these radios which I think is absolutely amazing, amazing what the team has done. And what we're now doing is working with our service partners to provide them software licenses that would allow them to once they buy the license to then download that software into their radios, into the 117Gs. As that MUOS waveform is changed or advanced over time, there may be opportunities for that to kind of get readvanced or other licenses or other opportunities revenue opportunities to occur. But we see that, over time, this is a pretty substantial opportunity, and I think as each service picks it up will drive some revenue event for us on MUOS.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And just a final follow-up question.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: You said the outlook on your reflector businesses, the best you've seen in 10 years and yet last year was a pretty crappy year for Commercial SATCOM orders and this year is not looking any better year-to-date. So is that primarily reflecting just a higher value for the type of and reflectors that you're developing or is it a market share gain?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: No, I think what we're seeing here is over the last five years, in our business that we've got, as you know, a pretty high share of the hoop reflector or space reflector market. We've only sold two commercial reflectors. So far we have this JCSAT order for $37 million. We have four proposals out. We have 15 prospects in the pipeline and what's driving this, Chris, our new entrance, it's the increase in high throughput satellites. It's recapitalizations. It's a surge that is occurring in small sats for both the U.S. government as well as the commercial sector. We see that as a pretty good opportunity in the near to medium-term and it's both on the reflectors side as well as sensors and payloads for these other small sats, both again commercial and U.S. government. So I think we're on the front end of what it appears to be a recap cycle and we feel it's a very important recent event, and again, with the prospects we see and the proposals we have out, we will feel pretty good about this business, Chris.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: All right. Thank you everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you now disconnect your telephone lines at this time. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Sheldon J. Fox - Harris Corp. Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co. Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc. Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee CRT Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sheldon Fox, Senior Vice President, Integration and Engineering. So first a few words on forward-looking. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on a related discussion, please see the press release, presentation on Harris' SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com, where a replay of this call is also available. Okay, with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Pam, and good morning, everybody. Our second quarter and first-half results are largely in line with our expectations for how fiscal 2016 would unfold. While Q2 revenue was a bit weaker than expected, we anticipated operating within a continuing soft revenue environment with Q2 being the weakest of the year relative to prior-year results, due to the budget process and a difficult compare in the legacy Exelis' business. And as we'd previously communicated, our number one priority this year will be integrating Exelis' and realizing the synergy savings and earnings accretion we have promised, and we're executing well against that goal. We're also delivering on our commitment to maximize free cash flow to quickly de-lever and to dispassionately evaluate portfolio reshaping, as today's announcements and results will demonstrate. Second quarter earnings were solid and free cash flow was particularly strong. And again this quarter, we made excellent progress in achieving integration savings. We've also identified additional opportunities and now expect to reach run rate savings, exiting fiscal 2017, a $140 million to $150 million, significantly higher than the $120 million we previously communicated. First-half free cash flow was supporting our deleveraging priority, reducing term loan debt $200 million in the quarter and $383 million since closing the transaction in late May. We're also pleased to report being far down the path of divesting the aerostructures business, which was part of the Exelis acquisition and was determined to not to be strategic to Harris. Aerostructures is currently reported within the Electronic Systems segment and had calendar 2015 revenue of $77 million. After receiving considerable interest from potential buyers, we are narrowing the group to a select few and expect to reach a definitive agreement soon. We'll also continue to evaluate our now much broader portfolio with a dispassionate view towards which businesses are strategically aligned and which are not. We also continue to adapt to market conditions and adjust our cost structure accordingly, as we had in the past. In the second quarter, due to the prolonged downturn in CapRock's energy market, we took a non-cash write-down of goodwill and other assets and we launched restructuring and other actions that were primarily in CapRock. Our goal is to right size the business in-line with market conditions and these latest actions reduced their head count by about 20%. When combined with steps we took in Q4 last year, head count at CapRock will be down about 35% over the last 18 months. Altogether, these actions are expected to generate modest savings in fiscal 2016 and about $20 million to $25 million in fiscal 2017. So, let me turn quickly to quarterly results in slide three in the presentation and I remind you that our discussions today are on a non-GAAP basis. Earnings per share was $1.49 with acquisitions, savings, supporting, operating performance in a still relatively soft revenue environment, with the recently reenacted R&D tax credit, contributing $0.10 per share. Reported revenue was $1.84 billion compared to $1.21 billion in the prior-year. And on an organic basis, while we anticipated a difficult year-over-year revenue compare, it was a little weaker than expected a down 14%, so let me give you a little more color on the drivers. About four points to five points of the decline related to Exelis overdrive in their Q4 2014 results. Government IT services contributed another five points, as we mentioned before would be impacted by the wind-down of a couple of large contracts in a still slow procurement environment. And CapRock was another point or so, with the remaining business contributing about three points. On the positive side, Harris legacy international tactical revenue was up a strong 10% in the quarter, resulting a Harris total legacy tactical revenue at about flat with the prior-year and about as expected for the quarter. Revenue was also higher in geospatial imagery, driven by the continued ramp of our large classified Foundation GEOINT Content Management program, and was also hired with the FAA driven by NextGen modernization programs. On a sequential basis for the company, revenue was up 2% with all segments higher except Critical Networks, which include IT services and CapRock. Orders in the quarter were $1.5 billion and together with strong orders booked in Q1, first-half book-to-bill was just over one. In IT services, although revenue was down in the quarter, orders were encouraging driving a book-to-bill of 1.1 for the quarter and the first-half, and we expect first-half orders combined with incumbent positions on existing programs will support back half revenue stability. In CapRock, our strategy that diversify our business into the cruise market where bandwidth demand is growing is helping to offset a bit of the energy revenue weakness. Over the last two years, bandwidth demand on cruise ships has increased exponentially from an average of less than five megabits per ship to now 35 megabits with one gigabit insight for the largest vessels, and it's important to note that our position in the cruise market is solid with 2.5 years left on our five-year agreement with Carnival and another five years left with Royal Caribbean following a contract extension that was awarded in the quarter. Perhaps as important, diversification brings us significant volume leverage for purchasing satellite bandwidth and our scale has allowed us to consolidate bandwidth, drive down cost and implement a sales approach of one price over one global system regardless of market to further drive efficiency gains in the organization. In Tactical Communications, we previously highlight that U.S. funding support for foreign military sales from both the base budget as well as from OCO accounts for special initiatives, such as the European Reassurance Initiative, the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund for Middle East and Africa. In the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, or ITEF. The funding supported our strong 1Q bookings, and in 2Q we booked $66 million in orders supported by ITEF. We ended the first half of the year with an international tactical book-to-bill of 0.99. On the U.S. tactical front, progress continues to be made on Army modernization and we were encouraged that the Army requested best and final offers from all bidders for the two-channel manpack radio and reconfirmed their calendar Q1 award date. In Public Safety, orders were up more than 30% on a weak prior-year compare with book-to-bill greater than 1 on a fairly good revenue level of $109 million. Orders included $20 million from Arizona Public Services, the state's largest electric utility company, and $18 million from the Air National Guard that includes our latest product offering, the multiband XL-200P radio. While we're still not satisfied with our Public Safety results, we've expressed multiple times that improving performance in the business will come as a result of solving basic execution challenges, introducing new products, improving quality, strengthening frontline and program management capabilities, and we're beginning to see positive signs that the business is slowly turning the corner. In Space and Intel, on top of strong Q1 wins from classified customers we received healthy orders of $172 million and another $23 million contract to support space superiority missions. Space superiority and protection has become a U.S. defense priority and is expected to receive $8 billion in funding over the next five years. Our first-half wins in space superiority combined with the strong funding support should make this an area of solid growth for the company into the future. And following the close of the quarter, the Space and Intel segment was awarded a $316 million follow-on contract for NASA for the Cross-track Infrared Sounder, or CrIS, payloads on the third and fourth weather satellites for the Joint Polar Satellite System. These payloads provide key global data used by the National Weather Service, and for Harris the award continues the strong customer relationship we enjoy with NASA and with NOAA. And then just recently in Critical Networks, we were awarded a nine-year, $44 million contract from the UK's air navigation service provider called NATS to modernize their voice communications infrastructure. This represents our first international win in this area and results from leveraging technology provided under the FAA's NextGen modernization program to now address the global market. So, with the successful integration of Exelis as our number one focus for the company, I've asked Sheldon to join us again this quarter to provide a little more detail in integration and the additional opportunities the team has identified. Sheldon?
Sheldon J. Fox - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. So, turn to slide four. Again this quarter, we've made excellent progress in achieving integration savings and have identified several new opportunities. The team quickly developed plans to capture these additional savings, and we're pleased to report that 100% of our cost-saving projects are either complete or in progress. As Bill noted earlier, we now expect net run rate savings to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million as we exit fiscal 2017, up significantly from our previous estimate of $120 million. Associated with this, we now expect gross integration costs of $250 million and net costs of $200 million after government reimbursements. Additional savings are primarily in two areas, footprint rationalization and supply chain. In the Q1 call, we highlighted moving the SINCGARS tactical radio manufacturing operations from Fort Wayne to Rochester. And just last week, we completed production of our very first SINCGARS radio assembly in our Rochester state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. With this project well underway, we've launched new facility consolidation projects in five locations that will reduce footprint by an additional 230,000 square feet, bringing total company's square footage reduction related to the acquisition down 15% since closing. The second area of additional savings comes from a thorough review of our supply chain. We spent a lot of time building a database to compare what Exelis buys to what Harris buys and what each pays on price, down to the individual part number to understand our supply chain spending across the combined company. With this database in place, we launched multiple projects across a broad range of spend categories, from electronic components to company travel, to eliminate price disparity and leverage our much larger volume to reduce cost. We also launched should-cost analyses and value engineering initiatives to further drive supply chain savings. A quick example is the should-cost analysis that identified a 20% reduction in the price of a key component used across our night vision product line. We see a lot of opportunities like these which will add to our pipeline of regular annual operational excellence projects. And while not highlighted on the page, an underlying core theme of our integration is to reduce complexity throughout the company, and we're using this opportunity to take a best-of-both-companies approach to simplify and standardize across the new Harris. We've already reduced a number of health plans by 50%, corporate policies by 40% and legal entities by 12%, and we're targeting a 50% reduction in core IT applications and an even greater reduction in the number of data centers. So, as we enter the back half of the first year of integration, we're excited about the progress so far and confident that driving standardization and simplification across the business to build a solid foundation for the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mick to discuss segment results.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Sheldon, and good morning to everyone. Before turning to each segment, we'll provide some color around the one-time items in the quarter that are excluded from our non-GAAP results and also point you to the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations on slide five. Unrelated to the acquisition, we had a $367 million non-cash charge to write-down goodwill and other assets in the CapRock business, as a result of the prolonged downturn in the energy market. Acquisition related items included $101 million benefit for a net liability reduction for certain post-employment benefit plans, $43 million of integration costs, and a $3 million charge related to inventory step-up. We also had restructuring and other charges totaling $35 million with the majority for workforce and facility reductions. So, turning now to segment detail on slide six, in comparisons to prior-year pro forma results, as if Exelis' and Harris were combined for all of fiscal 2016. Communication Systems segment revenue was $489 million compared to prior-year pro forma of $539 million. Tactical Communications revenue was down 10%, declining primarily due to weakness in Exelis' legacy tactical and night vision product lines. Harris legacy Tactical Communications was above flat as a result of strength in international. Public Safety revenue was $109 million compared to $116 million in the prior-year, declining year-over-year, but up 18% sequentially quarter-to-quarter. Operating income in the second quarter was $138 million and operating margin was 28.2% compared to last year's operating income of $144 million and 26.7% margin. Turning to Space and Intelligence Systems on slide seven, second quarter revenue was $446 million compared to prior-year pro forma of $488 million. Higher revenue from two classified programs including the Foundation GEOINT Content Management program was more than offset by the completion of other classified programs and lower GPS III revenue. Operating income in the second quarter was $67 million and operating margin was 15% compared to last year's operating income of $87 million and 17.8% margin. Turning to Electronic Systems on slide eight, second quarter revenue was $382 million compared to prior-year pro forma of $451 million. Higher revenue from the ramp in F-35 production was more than offset by lower electronic warfare revenue. Operating income in the second quarter was $69 million and operating margin was 18.1% compared to last year's operating income of $78 million and 17.3% margin. Turning to Critical Networks on slide nine. Second quarter revenue was $541 million, compared to prior-year pro-forma of $672 million. Lower revenue in IT services and CapRock's energy market was partially offset by higher FAA revenue driven by NextGen modernization programs. Operating income in the second quarter was $71 million and operating margin was 13.1% compared to last year's operating income of $83 million and 12.4% margin. So, let me turn it back to Bill, for the guided discussion and a few wrap up comments.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well. Thank you, Mick. So, moving to slides 10 and 11, revenue guidance on an organic basis is revised from down 3% to 5% to now down 5% to 6%. We expect the impact of lower volume on earnings to be more than offset by the flow through of the R&D tax credit and cost savings across the company. As a result, non-GAAP EPS guidance has been increased to a range of $5.70 to $5.80. And to remind you, non-GAAP includes intangible amortization from the Exelis acquisition of $133 million or about $0.70 per share. In Communication Systems, expectations are unchanged. In Space and Intel, operating margin expectations have been revised to a range of 15% to 15.5%, primarily to reflect a higher mix of costs plus revenue and new program starts. In Electronic Systems, revenue expectations have been revised to a range of down 2% to 3%, due to a few losses in electronic warfare pursuits, combined with a slower than expected ramp of previous electronic warfare wins. In Critical Networks, revenue expectations have been revised to down about 14% due to further weakness in Government IT services and CapRock's energy market. So, to wrap up, as I said, upfront, our top priorities are successfully integrating Exelis, delivering strong free cash flow, deleveraging our balance sheet and continuing to reshape the portfolio and through the first half of the year, we're making good progress on all of them. So, while we still face top-line pressure in fiscal 2016, integration and other cost reduction actions are driving good earnings growth and we expect this rising trend in earnings to continue into fiscal 2017. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. You may begin.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you...
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Good morning, guys. Wondering if you could give us some of the metrics that you've provided us in the past with respect to tactical backlog, book-to-bill and the respective pipelines, U.S. and foreign?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. That's a lot of information, I think it's in there. Let me see, if I could hit on some of the key things and I'll provide you, I think as much as I can on that. First part, on the book-to-bill, this is all legacy tactical radio, so go back to sort of the how do Harris define tactical radio. Our book-to-bill in the first half was 0.97, so international is 0.99, as mentioned on my remarks and DoD was a little bit less than that. Little bit softer in Q2, but we had a very strong Q1, remember it was about 1.3. Revenue, we believe, came in about as expected in the quarter, a bit stronger in international, which is, we say, was up 10%, little bit lower in the DoD, it's flat overall in Q2, and up 3% in the first half. So, I think, overall a pretty decent start. For the full-year, we still see revenue being flat to down low-single digits, we still see DoD to be flat up slightly, and international will be down slightly on a year-over-year basis. And it's really shaping up almost as we had expected when we initiated guidance six months ago, up first half, down in the second half on a year-over-year basis with two bigger tranches in two specific countries winding down that makes for a tougher comparisons in the back half. We still see sequentially the second half being up versus the first, with Europe and the Middle East both contributing pretty nicely, in fact got on this year, we think Europe is shaping up to be a record or near record year for us, driven a lot by this ERI, U.S. government funding for Ukraine and the Baltics, as well as a few other Central European, Eastern European countries. But, we do see the impact of lower oil pricing that's shifting some of the priorities in some of the countries in the Middle East as well as some of the priorities of the U.S. government, so that's giving us a little bit more caution in the back half, but still we see second half up sequentially from the first half. Now, let me turn to the pipeline and just quickly cover that. On the international side, the pipeline is still very robust. It's now $2.9 billion, last time it was $2.4 billion, so it's come up as we brought in about a $600 million opportunity for Phase 3 modernization in Australia, we expect that award at the end of fiscal 2017, so that is now into our 12-month to 18-month pipeline, the Middle East is still very solid. On a dollar basis, it's still about the same as it was before. On a percentage basis, down a little bit now slightly under 50%, because the size of the overall pipeline has increased. So, still very, very broad. Again, Europe is strong, Cal is holding serve and we see Asia coming up pretty nicely mainly because of Australia. So, that's on the international front. On the DoD side, the pipeline at $890 million, so down slightly from where we were last time of about $925 million, so it's just under $900 million. The mix is still about the same 60% Air Force, SOCOM, Marine Corps and about 25% being Army impart modernization, impart resets and other opportunity. So, let me stop with that Gautam let me see if I answered the question that you're trying to get at.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, you definitely did. And I was wondering also originally when you announced the acquisition of Exelis' you laid out $1 billion free cash flow target a couple of years out. I was wondering, with the new synergy target and what have you, are you still comfortable with that, do you see upside to that? And if you could maybe bridge us from where we are today at $750 million of free cash to that $1 billion. What are the big puts and takes that get us there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first, I think, for this year, we're still feeling very comfortable at our free cash guidance around $750 million as we noted in our guidance and that numerically hasn't changed, the words around it have, but numerically it's the same as we guided before, so $750 million. And without getting beyond 2016 guidance, we do still see three years or four years out $1 billion in free cash flow and the drivers are as we expected before. We do see the higher run rate synergies impacting that free cash flow, so growing from $750 million. And we see interest rate reductions – interest cost reductions coming down because we're paying down some debt. We do see continued working capital performance improvements over time. Recall, we're at, as Harris last year in fiscal 2015 about 46 days of working capital. Exelis was quite a bit higher than that. We came in at about 56 days at the end of Q2. So just as we get back to where Harris was before, we see another 10 plus or minus days of improvement to working capital at about $20 million per day. So, we'll close some of that this year, but even if we don't close all of that it still could be substantial increases in cash flow just simply from working capital. Of course, we also see a little bit of capital spend efficiency over time as well. So, those are the major elements. Again, we're still confident about $1 billion three years to four years out.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. I'll turn it over.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay, Gautam. Thank you.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just from a disclosure perspective, I had the same question as Gautam and I've probably had it e-mailed to me two dozen times already this morning from your investors just on what the – in the quarter, the domestic and international organic revenue growth and book-to-bill were. So, I know the business has become more complex with Exelis, but if it's possible to just provide that in a clean way in the decks going forward, I think that would be helpful. Just as one person's opinion.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Noah.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: In terms of the Middle East comments you just made there on the international piece, Bill, could you maybe just go back to that a little bit? First I thought I heard you make an incrementally positive comment, then I thought I heard an incrementally negative comment and we hear a decent amount of concern out there on what might happen in that business for you because of the oil price. So can you just dig a little further into the trends? And if you're able to size how big that is as a percentage of your international business right now, that will be helpful.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we've been cautious over the last two quarters or three quarters that the declining oil prices are impacting – seeming to put some friction in the pace of awards that we're seeing in the Middle East. It doesn't impact the overall size of our international or our Middle East pipeline. We still see opportunities there, the flow of those opportunities through the pipeline are seeing a little bit more friction. We know in Saudi, Saudi has been a significant opportunity for us, one of the bigger in our pipeline, like Iraq happens to be and others throughout the Middle East. There's five countries or six countries that make up the biggest part of our international Middle East part of our pipeline. And we do see in Saudi, in particular, where their focus on the war in Yemen and military purchases to support that, we're seeing some of the opportunities on our radio business slip a little bit to the right, both in terms of Harris as well as what was legacy Exelis. So, that has slipped a little bit to the right. But overall, I think the opportunity in the Middle East still remains out there. The pipeline size is still very, very good and very robust. I'm very encouraged by the fact that there is strong U.S. government support, FMS support for opportunities in the Middle East. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we talked about this last time, the ICAP funding, that flow from the U.S. government is flowing in and is helping us in Q2 and we do expect to see more opportunities into the future. GFY 2016, it was about – just over $700 million worth of ICAP funding. There is this Counterterrorism Partnership Fund which includes amounts for Syria; it's $1.1 billion. So, there's lots of U.S. government funding that does backstop our Middle East pipeline. So, as I said in my remarks, we do see on a year-over-year basis the second half intact, it will be down, but sequentially up first half to second half.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And is it possible to size how much of your international revenue comes from the Middle East in tactical radio?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's probably, on the pipeline itself, it's just under 50%, so it's probably, on the international side of our revenue, it's 40%, 50%.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you. And then, at CapRock sort of a similar question. Can you quantify what that's run rating now on a quarterly or annual basis, just so we can get a sense for, I guess, how much it's already come off the peak? And what are margins like in CapRock energy at this point?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: The CapRock energy business year and a half ago was around – about $400 million and down about 30%, so it's running this year just under $300 million on a reported basis for fiscal 2016. We would expect by the time we hit Q4 to be a run rate somewhere – around $250 million or a little less than $250 million is the way that we're sizing it, so that's around $60 million, $65 million per quarter, and will this year be a mid-single digit margin business. By the fourth quarter, we are starting to kind of bump around breakeven based on the size of the business being where it happens to be, which is why we've taken the strong actions we've done to restructure, reposition that business.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then just final quick one. Did aerostructures come out of the revenue outlook or will that happen after its final sale?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We'll bring that out after we sold the business.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Noah. Thank you.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton. You may begin.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, guys on the Exelis radio and night vision volumes, are they coming in below plan or below expectations, it looks like by my maths, it was down on the order of a-third or so for the first half of the year. And I'm just wondering overall – is the pace the facility's consolidation, do you think that's having a negative impact on Exelis revenue overall. It just looks like kind of everything is kind of coming down on that acquisition sales?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Pete, no, thank you. The NVCS business, we knew it'd be down this year. It's a little bit weaker than we thought. It's down probably in the double-digits now for the year. Early in the year, when I was guiding to our original down 3% to 5%, we were sizing NVCS to be down around 5% or 6% or sort of mid single-digit and it's got a little bit worse than that. Keep in mind, the Comm System business, 75% of that is international SINCGARS radios, some of that goes into the Middle East. So, they're also being impacted by the Middle East. But, we had contemplated it being a weaker year. Nigh vision broadly is $150 million business, it's flattish versus last year. So, we're holding serving night vision, but the Comm System business, certainly on a year-over-year basis is down a little bit worse than we had expected.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: And I don't think that the facility change in Fort Wayne is having any impact whatsoever on any of this transition.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Got it. Okay. And then just one follow-up on the aerostructure divestiture. Are you going to use the funds to repay debt or maybe offset dilution with share repurchases, I'd thinking you got about a little over $0.5 billion in debt coming view, that's current debt right now, and I'm just wondering if the plan is to pay all that off or, how are you thinking about all that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Our expectation is to use the proceeds from aerostructure to pay down debt. It's our expectation today. But, we don't really see the divestiture of aerostructures to be all that material to our guidance for the year in terms of EPS, it's a couple of pennies, but it's not material.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Good morning. I wonder, we have the guidance for the segments for this year, but since they're new segments if you could talk maybe broadly or maybe just qualitatively at this point but how you think about margins progressing over time for each of these segments and where the targets are for this year relative to kind of what you might like to see?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I think you're seeing the page what's happening in the margins – in the guidance, we typically see quarter-to-quarter some fluctuations, Seth, and you saw as you went through some of the charts, some sequential deterioration, some businesses have been up or down, CN was actually quite strong on a sequential and a year-over-year basis because of mix, there's a lot of FAA work that's going in there offsetting decline in services as well as in CapRock. Things are moving around a little bit, but we'll see margins continuing to improve, going out into next year simply about base of better volume and also the integration savings are going to continue to roll through and we keep working hard to drive our normal OpEx agenda. So, we expect that we'll see margins improving. Right now, I think they're pretty strong this year in CS. You were guiding to 29.5% to 30.5%, so we're holding on that, and I do expect based on mix and the trends that we're seeing in the business that we could be towards the higher end of that. The SIS business is a government contracting business, while it's a little bit weaker in terms of margins that we expected before. It's pretty solid 15%, 15.5%, so that's I think very strong ES at 18% to 19%, is a very strong margin. That will be impacted over time by some changes in the mix of the programs, as we bring on newer programs and move off of legacy ones. So, we'll see some of the integration savings offset some of the mix. In CN, we're just battling right now, what's happening in the CapRock business and services. The FAA work in the international opportunities for mission, networks or FAA like opportunities, I think are going to help us there. So, I don't want to get too far out of fiscal 2016, in terms of margin guidance here, Seth, but that's where we stand right now for within the year.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's a helpful color. And then, maybe just as a follow-up, I'm not sure if we spoke instance the – since the budget year came out, it look like there might be some puts and takes for particular program. So, maybe just your thoughts on that and on what you – what we expected during the last year and the coming week?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, I wish I had a crystal ball, what we're going to announce in the next week, but I really can't comment on that. But I think, from the fiscal 2016 basis, like others in the industry have been expressing, the two-year deal feels pretty good, it's good for Harris, it's good for the industry, we see what's happening in the DoD-based budget this year and next year. So, it's on a upswing, at least a little bit. I would say, I think, it's very positive. Now for Harris, in particular, I think we feel very good about our programs. The tactical radio line is that we typically pull from are well supported. Army modernization, we think is adequately covered, the FAA looks really good, and the NextGen programs were well funded in fiscal 2016. We're pleased to see funding for GPS III, which is an important Exelis program on SV 9 and SV 10. The weather programs were well supported and I'm glad to see the recent award come through very recently on the CrIS payloads for JPSS-3 and JPSS-4. F-35, where we've got a pretty large content for chipset, again we're seeing that ramp that was well supported. The addition of F-18 that aircraft into the budget, I think it was seven aircrafts or eight aircrafts was also good, because Exelis has an EW product line for the F-18. And again finally, OCO, we feel good about because of the amounts that are in there, which support some of the international FMS opportunities that were going after in our tactical business. So overall, I think, we feel pretty good about where the budget came out.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Stallard with Royal Bank of Canada. You may begin.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks so much. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: You mentioned that some of your products and service areas have continued to go through some revenue pressures, but I was wondering, in particularly in, let's say IT services for example, but I was wondering if your conversations with customers and bookings over the last quarter have indicated that it's getting less bad and then we can see a trough in these areas?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: On IT services, either we are – first of all, it was weaker than we thought it would be in the quarter. And I think as we've been talking about probably for the last three quarters or four quarters, we've been impacted by couple of sizeable program roll offs. We still see the overall procurement environment being relatively weak. We adjusted our full-year expectations for IT services. We came into the year thinking we'll be down mid-teens, it's now down probably in the 23%, 25% range over the course of the year, but we do see at least sequentially a stabilizing quarter-to-quarter going through the back end of fiscal 2016. Our book-to-bill in Q2 in the first half was reasonably good. It was over 1%, of course it's on a lower revenue environment, but the book-to-bill was pretty good, which again gets us encouraged that we can support some stability in the back half. We also have incumbent positions on some legacy programs that as the roll off start to ease, I think we'll see more stability in the back half. So, for the pipeline, that we had, we've got a very large pipeline of opportunities that we're chasing, it's actually come up a couple of billion from the beginning of the year, it's something like $24 billion now. We have within Harris, we've got to make sure that we improve our win rate. Our win rate is a little bit below what our target happens to be, we typically win into 23 percentage to 25 percentage, should be 30% or more. So, we're not winning quite as much as we need to be. A lot of that's really around our frontline execution in our process execution and we're getting that fixed. So, I do think rather a part of this is a slow environment and part of it is – what we need to do and improve our own win rate internally within the company.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. And then maybe the second question. You mentioned manpack and the DoD's timetables to get this done in Q1, assuming they stick to that, assuming you win something. When could be revenues from this award start to flow through?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We're not expecting revenue opportunities to really hit us until, really going into fiscal 2018, I mean it will be full rate production, if they stick to the current schedule. I believe it's in the middle of calendar 2017, so around June, which really means more significant revenue would impact our fiscal 2018, not 2017.
Robert Stallard - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you so much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays. You may begin.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Cart.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just, Bill, I wanted to come on – hit on the comments you made about the aerostructures' divestiture and the dispassionate approach you mentioned in your prepared remarks on the portfolio. I know you are probably right on the – about the time in the year where you're putting together your first strategic plan as a combined company and sort of wondering, what kind of qualifies as strategic and non-strategic at this point? Maybe just give us an update on how you think about what the various hurdles are to make a business strategically valuable to what you want Harris to look like with the Exelis in it as a combined entity?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, that's a very good question, Carter and you're right. We are getting into our strategic planning process and that will kind of inform a little bit more on what sort of portfolio we want over the long-term. So I wouldn't really comment about any specific business; but at the end of the day couple of things I would share with you. One, we are a technology-based company. We invest in new product development and we want to use technology to differentiate offerings in the marketplace. So, one of the key things that I look for are the things that the businesses that we want to be in should be able to be differentiated by providing some technology. We are also a mission-critical communication, defense, electronics-type company. So, for the aerostructures business, we have got these large composite skins and large factories with a lot of capital intensity. It really didn't necessarily fit with the rest of what we look like. So, I think that one as we came into the year and we're looking hard at which businesses should management focus its time and attention on on a continuum of businesses that go from very, very strategic like tactical radios on the far left to maybe less strategic on the far right being aerostructures, other businesses sit in the middle, and I'm using the criteria that I just described to assess which ones we should keep and which we should not. At the end of the day, does it fit strategically? Is it more valuable to us versus to somebody else? We look at performance of the company, performance of the business. All of those factors come into play in determining which ones we should keep and which ones we should not.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you have a bias, either government versus commercially leaning, at this point or it's agnostic to that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We're pretty agnostic. It's more about where – what businesses should we be in that we can bring some value to end customers, where we can apply technology, where we can differentiate our offering, where we can gain market share through differentiated offerings. All of those did develop – generate a very satisfactory return on investment in those businesses. Those are the things that we're looking at and they could be commercial or government. We see a big part of our business today is on the government side, we're very good at that, but that doesn't really drive the decision at the moment.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And just a couple of final clarifications on that. The Space and Intel margin revision, I wondered if you could give us some detail on what drove that since the revenue base is unchanged. And just some clarification on what you meant by bandwidth consolidation at CapRock and what that was meant to accomplish. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. On Space and Intel – thank you, Carter. On the Space and Intel side, really it's just a shifting mix of what's in the business, slightly more cost-plus and fixed-price contracts. And we're seeing some of the new starts and new wins that Space and Intel are getting are coming in at slightly lower margins. So, we just adjusted it down to reflect that. There's nothing structural in that business that's causing it. On the CapRock side, look – we – it's pretty remarkable the amount of bandwidth that's being consumed by the cruise industry and our expectations for where that's going to grow over time. It is growing very, very quickly. And with a very significant change in the supply structure of bandwidth – satellite bandwidth, we are able to use that leverage to both negotiate better details, better pricing and globally consistent pricing so that we don't have, for different types of satellites, for different customers in different regions, very different pricing. We're looking for pricing uniformity and that helps to run our business a little more efficiently and effectively and that's where we're heading on the bandwidth deal. So thank you for those questions, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Thanks, Bill.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Sullivan with Sterne CRT. You may begin.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee CRT: Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee CRT: With Public Safety potentially turning a corner here, can you provide a little color on Harris' position with the FirstNet RFP? Are you teaming with anybody? Does it matter, can Harris sell with anybody who wins? Just a little color on that RFP and how Harris is positioned.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, thank you, Josh. Yeah. The RFP is out, which is good. We've been tracking this for several years and I think it's good news that it's out. We've met with the FirstNet board a couple of different times and we're pleased to see it out. There is a process that they've laid out. I think it's a little bit on the aggressive side. There is questions and capability assessments that are due coming up here in February and March. Bids are due on I think the 29th of April if they don't get extended. My expectation, at least what's come out in the RFP is a June award – a preliminary award in June and then it goes to the state consultation period for 90 days where the states have an opportunity to opt in or opt out and then after which whoever is the preliminary award winner would resubmit a new bid and with a final award by November of 2016. So that to me it's a pretty aggressive timeline. I think the RFP, Josh, feels like is geared more towards commercial carriers as primes, just by the way it's written and some of the requirements in the RFP. We are, as Harris, still assessing the role that we're going to play. Since it's a live competitive procurement I don't think we want to talk more about that, but we're in the middle of assessing the way which we want to participate in what could be a very interesting long-term opportunity that transforms the public safety networks in North America.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee CRT: Okay. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Quilty with Raymond James. You may begin.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Question, it looks like the GPS OCX contract may come up for rebid. Can you talk about how that might impact you either positive or negative?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we're watching it very carefully. Chris, we're working diligently to support our prime customer, which is Raytheon, Raytheon is the prime on OCX. And I think you've read a lot in the press about some of the challenges in that program really around cyber security protections, which are causing the development timeframe to go quite long and obviously it's gotten a lot of attention on the hill with General Hayden, with Secretary James, there are lot of people that are focused on this as the team at Raytheon and we're working diligently to support Raytheon in their program and getting them back on schedule or at least hold into the schedule they've articulated, really not much more to say at this point on that.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And do you feel Harris' performance on that contract has been up to par?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's a legacy Exelis' program. We're built on the payload for GPS III so on the – for the payload side as well as on the ground sides putting Raytheon, and our understanding is our team has performed well. We bring good systems engineering capability and I think we performed well, you know to our customer, but I don't think I would suggest say more than that.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And I think Exelis' also had some issues on the GPS payload side, where do you stand in terms of resolving those issues?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. This was a – first of all, they're very complicated payload, it's a very difficult one, and the requirements were quite stringent, maybe they weren't fully understood many years ago, when Exelis won it – you know it was very late, you know it got a lot of attention, under Exelis they deployed a very good team at it, just for the end when we were buying the company. We have also deployed experts into the equipment facility, half a dozen or dozen, a very good people on manufacturing operations, design engineering, a lot of different things. And there's been, I think very good progress here made over the last six months to nine months. And over the holidays, just before the holidays, the very first space vehicle SV 1 with our payload came out of thermal vac early with very, very good performance. And it was – I think it's a fantastic accomplishment you know by Lockheed, by our team, by the Air Force, and we're all very, very proud of that. And I think that put us on a really good trajectory on GPS III on the space side, you know and that gives us more confidence with Lockheed that SV 9 and SV 10 should get awarded sometime this fiscal year. So, I think our performance has improved pretty much here, Chris.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Chris. And with that last question. Bill has a few wrap up comments and then, we'll close down the call.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam. And before we end the call, I want to take this opportunity to let you know that Mick Lopez has decided to leave Harris for personal reasons to pursue new opportunities outside the company. As you know, these last two years with Mick as CFO have been truly transformative for Harris, with the signing, the closing, the financing of the largest acquisition in our company's history, and I want to thank Mick for his leadership and his many contributions to Harris over the last two years. Mick, so thank you for that.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Thanks to you, Bill. I really appreciate your kind words.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: So, succeeding Mick will be Rahul Ghai. Rahul has led our Finance Integration Team since March of 2015. Rahul has a diverse finance background with experience in both commercial and aerospace industries, including executive leadership roles at both Aetna as well as United Technologies. A press release with more details will be issued momentarily. Please join me in wishing Mick well in his future endeavors and also welcoming Rahul to Harris as our new Chief Financial Officer. So, as usual Pam will be available throughout the day to address any additional questions that you might have and I want to thank you again for joining our call today. So, thank you.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you, everyone. Let me know how I can help.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Sheldon J. Fox - Harris Corp. Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tais Correa - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2016 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Sheldon Fox, Senior Vice President, and Integration Lead. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made today involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release, the presentation and Harris' SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures discussed today to comparable GAAP measures is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com and where a replay of this call will be available. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam. And good morning, everybody. Our first quarter was a solid start to the fiscal year and was our first full quarter including Exelis' operations. Integration of Exelis is progressing well with cost savings dropping through the results in Q1 and expected to ramp quickly through the balance of the year. Coming out of the gates, I was very pleased with first-quarter order strength, particularly for tactical radios, electronic warfare and intelligence systems, which resulted in a book-to-bill of 1.24 for the company and 6% sequential growth in funded backlog. And we are delivering on our commitment to delever, paying down term debt by $150 million in the quarter while continuing to pay an attractive dividend, which was increased in August for the 14th consecutive year. Harris is now operating in four new business segments: Communication Systems, Space and Intelligence Systems, Electronic Systems and Critical Networks. In a separate filing yesterday, we provided historical pro-forma information for fiscal 2014 and 2015 combining Harris and Exelis historical results as if the companies had previously operated together and under the new segment structure, information we believe is helpful for understanding year-over-year trends. We'll refer to these comparisons as organic in today's call and presentation materials. I'll also remind you that all of our comments address non-GAAP results excluding acquisition-related costs. So turning to slide three, four, and five in the presentation. Revenue in Q1 was $1.81 billion compared to $1.16 billion in the prior year and was higher because of the acquisition. On an organic basis, revenue was down 6%, driven in large part by continuing weakness in the government and energy services markets. Earnings per share was $1.31 and included $0.17 of intangible amortization from the Exelis acquisition. Acquisition-related savings are reading through an improving operating income with EBIT before amortization of intangibles up 7% to $319 million and margin increasing more than 200 basis points to 17.6%. Cost synergies were $11 million in the quarter and were on track to reach our fiscal year target of $70 million to $75 million. Also captured in improving operating performance is our ongoing focus on what we call Harris Business Excellence, our operational excellence program which targets 2% to 3% in annual net cost reduction. In addition to supporting margins, our strategy is to reinvest some of these savings into R&D and new product development to drive future growth. And in Q1, we continued to spend at a healthy rate of 4.3% of revenue. Q1 orders were $2.24 billion with book-to-bill of 1.24 and with all four segments greater than 1. In Harris' legacy tactical radio business, orders increased 30% and book-to-bill was 1.3 with strength in both U.S. DoD and international markets. Our international tactical radio business continues to be supported by a pipeline of near and longer-term opportunities across a broad set of geographies and driven by ongoing global security concerns, from NATO responding to Russian aggression, to conflict across the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa. In Northern Africa, the U.S. is gearing up to combat rising terrorism and the tilt to the Pacific is providing significant multi-year opportunities in Australia. In U.S., funding support for foreign military sales remained strong, both in the base budget as well as in the OCO accounts. OCO funding in GFY 2015 and proposed in GFY 2016 is supporting several special initiatives like the European Reassurance Initiative, the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund that supports regions of instability in the Middle East and Africa, and the Train and Equip Fund for Iraq. First quarter tactical orders were underpinned by the strong U.S. funding support and included $38 million and $26 million from a country in Central Asia, $39 million from two Baltic countries, and $27 million from several countries in the Middle East and Africa. Also progressing through procurement are opportunities supported by the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, with the first of these opportunities in the low tens of millions and expected to book in Q2. In the U.S. market, our base business continues to be supported by reset opportunities and sustainment, which was reflected in 1Q's broad-based order strength across the services and also included a $100 million single source IDIQ ceiling increase to $500 million for tactical radio spare part purchases by the Army and other agencies. A very big strategic win in the quarter, which is currently under protest, is a $390 million SOCOM two-channel handheld tactical radio. This radio combines communication and ISR capabilities and can receive full-motion video as well as signals-based threat information. SOCOM is typically an early adopter of technology, so we're encouraged that continuing to invest our own company-funded R&D is a winning strategy, supporting our already strong competitive position. Similar to other products first developed for the U.S. market, we fully expect this new two-channel handheld will generate strong international demand. This win is part of a larger monetization program that SOCOM has estimated could reach $900 million and include a multichannel manpack radio expected to be awarded in the fall of 2016 and a high-frequency radio expected to be awarded in the summer of 2017. In addition to the SOCOM award, we're seeing other signs of momentum building for a broad-based U.S. tactical monetization. In early October, we submitted our bid for the Army's two-channel manpack radio with award anticipated early next calendar year and our MNVR mid-tier radio for the Army is slated for a Milestone C decision in the coming months. In the airborne market, we've been selling Link-16 radios co-developed with ViaSat to upgrade Apache aircraft. And with the SALT program now canceled, we'll continue to be the sole provider for that mission. The more significant airborne opportunity on the horizon is the Small Airborne Networking Radio or SANR. Program valued at $700 million, which had been pushed out by budgetary pressures. Funding for SANR has begun and the first draft RFP is out with the second expected in December. First production buys are currently expected to begin in GFY 2019. We also had excellent wins from classified customers, receiving orders of $184 million, up significantly over the prior year and primarily in support of advanced sensor systems and space superiority. With the pivot to Asia, space superiority and protection has become a U.S. Defense priority and recent reports suggest spending in this area could reach $8 billion over the next five years. We also saw a nice recovery in electronic warfare orders, including slips from the prior quarter with the wins coming from across the air, ground, and maritime domains of our EW franchise. In the air domain, we received orders of $111 million from the Air Force, primarily for the B-52 and $97 million from the Navy for the F-18 and we won a five-year $78 million single award IDIQ from a DoD customer for rotary aircraft. In the ground domain, EW orders included $27 million from the U.S. Department of State for EGON counter IED systems. And supporting the maritime domain, we were awarded three contracts: a $113 million contract with an initial $39 million order from the U.S. Naval Sea Systems Command for radar modification kits; a two-year $49 million production contract for sonobuoy launchers used to conduct underwater acoustic surveillance on 25 U.S. and eight Australian P-8 Poseidon aircraft; and a three-year $54 million single award IDIQ from the U.S. Naval research laboratory for the Advanced Decoy Architecture Payloads program, or ADAP. The ADAP award is a strategic win, allows us to enter a new market with a potential to grow longer term. Our solution provides capabilities to address advanced maritime threats beyond what current decoys provide. And because our solution allows the customer to retrofit existing decoy shelves with our payload, it's cost-effective and it's quick. As you know, Sheldon Fox is leading our integration effort, and as we promised investors and the board, Sheldon and his team are dedicated full-time to successfully integrating two companies. So before Mick provides detailed results and guidance on the new segment basis, I've asked Sheldon to join us today to provide a status update and highlight one of our larger integration projects. Sheldon?
Sheldon J. Fox - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our integration began with a running start at closing and within the first 70 days, we had 90% of the actions underpinning the savings completed or in process. And we've continued along that aggressive path to quickly execute against our plan and expect to generate between $70 million and $75 million in savings in fiscal 2016. Well on our way to achieving $120 million run rate savings as we exit fiscal 2017. We're executing fast and executing with a great deal of focus. Each cost synergy project has a dedicated team and a detailed plan which is tracked weekly. Bill asked me to provide a little color on a key project which highlights the value we're creating through integration. In July, we announced the closure of Exelis' Ft. Wayne tactical radio facility and consolidation into our world-class Rochester manufacturing facility. In the first quarter, the last SINCGARS radio rolled off a line in Ft. Wayne and all manufacturing operations will wrap up by fiscal year-end. Currently we're taking steps to ensure that engineering and manufacturing know-how is fully transferred to Rochester including moving key employees. Slide 6 shows the floor space in Rochester that's been designated and prepped for the transition. The reduction in manufacturing square footage for SINCGARS production is significant, reducing the footprint from 90,000 square feet to 20,000 square feet and reducing 6 SMT lines down to 2. The entire facility in Ft. Wayne is about 300,000 square feet. Once SINCGARS is transitioned, we will shrink the remaining space being utilized to about 30,000 square feet until the lease expires in December of 2017. Our actions will begin to produce savings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 with additional savings to follow through optimizing our supplier base and leveraging the scale and efficiency of the Rochester facility. But why is all this important, because SINCGARS remains an important communications capability around the world. The SINCGARS radio line has an installed base of 600,000 radios worldwide with about 550,000 of those in the U.S. In the domestic market, there is a very long tail of replacement and sustainment. So executing a seamless manufacturing transition will be important in supporting and eventually transitioning SINCGARS, SINCGARS users to new JTRS radios. And in the international market demand for SINCGARS radios is still fairly strong. While one of the larger initial projects, Ft. Wayne is just one of the many projects in progress. Integration process will be a multiyear effort and we're still in the early innings but we're off to a terrific start. Let me turn it over to Mick.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Sheldon. Glad to have you on the call. Good morning to everyone. Slide 7, we provide descriptions of the new segments. The following segment slide show prior-year pro forma results as if Exelis and Harris were combined for all of fiscal 2015. We believe this results in a more meaningful year-over-year organic comparisons. Moving to segment results starting on slide 8. Communication Systems segment revenue was $454 million compared to prior year pro forma revenue of $469 million. An increase in Tactical Communications was more than offset by weakness in public safety where competitive pressures remain challenging. Within the segment, Tactical Communications has been redefined at the combination of both companies ground and airborne tactical radios with Exelis night vision products. We've provided that detail in slide 8. On this new basis, Tactical Communications revenue is up 1% primarily driven by a 7% increase in Harris legacy tactical, partially offset by lower expected revenue in Exelis legacy tactical and night vision product lines. In public safety, revenue was $92 million compared to $111 million in the prior year. Communication Systems segment operating performance improved compared to prior year pro forma. Operating income in the first quarter was $138 million and operating margin was 30.4% compared to last year's operating income of $125 million and 26.7% margin. Turning to Space and Intelligence Systems on slide 9, first quarter revenue was $435 million compared to prior year pro forma revenue of $455 million. Higher revenue from two classified programs including the Foundation GEOINT Content Management program was more than offset by the completion of two other classified programs and a commercial space payload program. Segment operating performance improved compared to prior year pro forma. Operating income in the first quarter was $68 million and operating margin was 15.6% compared to last year's operating income of $57 million and 12.5% margin. Turning to Electronic Systems on slide 10, first quarter revenue was $374 million compared to $378 million in the prior year. Higher revenue from F-35 production ramp was offset by lower electronic warfare revenue. This was primarily due to a higher mix of programs in the development phase versus production phases. Segment operating performance improved compared to prior year pro forma. Operating income in the first quarter was $69 million and operating margin was 18.4% compared to last year's operating income of $56 million and 14.8% margin. Turning to Critical Networks on slide 11. First quarter revenue was $566 million compared to prior year pro forma revenue of $644 million. As anticipated, revenue declined due to continuing services weakness in the government and energy markets. Segment operating income was $63 million compared to prior year pro forma of $72 million, but operating margin held relatively in line with the prior year on lower revenue. Moving to slides 12 and 13, fiscal 2016 guidance remains unchanged for GAAP EPS in a range of $5.25 to $5.45 and non-GAAP in a range of $5.60 to $5.80. Fiscal 2016 non-GAAP EPS excludes expected integration costs in the range of $60 million to $65 million and a $10 million charge related to inventory step up. Non-GAAP EPS includes the intangible amortization from the Exelis acquisition of $133 million or about $0.70 per share. Revenue guidance is unchanged in the range of $7.67 billion to $7.83 billion, down 3% to 5% on an organic basis compared to fiscal 2015 pro forma of $8.09 billion. And while segment have changed, our expectations for revenue drivers within the segments are consistent with the previous color we provided. In Communication Systems, we expect organic revenue to be down 2% to 3%. Public safety is expected to be down low to mid single digits. Tactical Communications on the new basis, including the ground and airborne radios of both companies as well as night vision products is expected to be down low single digits. This aligns with our previous expectations for Harris legacy tactical, DoD flat to up low single digits, and international flat to down low single digits. Operating margin for the segment is expected to be in a range of 29.5% to 30.5%, which assumes legacy Harris tactical margin in line with fiscal 2015 and consistent with previous expectations. In Space and Intelligence Systems, revenue is expected to be flat to up 2% with growth in intelligence areas, partially offset by lower revenue from space payload programs. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 15.5% to 16.5%. Electronic Systems revenue is expected to be down 1% to up 1% driven by the F-35 production ramp. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 18% to 19%. In Critical Networks, revenue is expected to be down 10% to 12% due to continuing services weaknesses. With an operating margin in a range of 11% to 12% as we keep the focus on lowering costs, we continue to expect free cash flow for the year greater than 100% of GAAP net income, adjusted to add back the $88 million after-tax impact of the amortization of acquisition intangibles. So let me turn it back to Bill for a few wrap-up comments before we open the call to questions.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay, thanks Mick. So I won't repeat the budget details that all of you already know. But suffice it to say that a two-year deal will be a positive for Harris as well as the industry signaling a long awaited budget bottom in the rise in government spending. Overall, we had a good start to the fiscal year. We're capturing integration savings which will continue to ramp through the year and benefit earnings. And while we continue to expect a soft top-line environment to persist in the second quarter partially due to Exelis' relatively strong prior year-end December quarter results, we're encouraged by the orders rebound in the first quarter. Momentum for U.S. tactical modernization is building and the recent SOCOM award on top of the early awards at Rifleman Radio and the Mid-Tier Radio are a testament to the strength of Harris's commercial model and the positive return on our sustained investments in R&D through the market downturn. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Pete.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: On the book-to-bill of 1.24, I think it's one of your strongest quarters ever. Is the SOCOM STC, is that win in there in the orders or because of the protest is it not in there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: No. It's not because of the protest either, but SOCOM is not in there, but it would be an IDIQ. So we would not be booking that in – as a funded order. Basically, the strength, principally, comes from very strong results in our tactical radio business, as I mentioned up 30% and pretty broad-based across both DoD as well as in international side. And we saw very good orders growth in electronic warfare and space superiority in our proprietary business and a couple of other areas. And that's really what drives that big strong orders growth in the quarter.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. That's great. That's great. And then, Bill, can you give us like you have, in the past, the size of the international radio pipeline?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. The international pipeline remains pretty robust and we're very pleased with that. It's about $2.4 billion. The shape moves around a little bit, but not a whole lot, it's been fluctuating between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion over the last number of quarters, but given our very strong orders growth in Q4 – remember, orders are up 73%, book-to-bill was 1.1% which was very, very pleasing to end Q4. We had another strong orders growth in Q1, so the pipeline remains pretty robust at $2.4 billion, and again, it's like the comments I made before in terms of its shape, it's primarily a little more than half Middle East, North Africa, Central Asia, a couple of other areas that we saw very, very good growth. And in fact, the orders growth in the quarter, as I mentioned in my comments, were pretty broad-based across the geographies outside the U.S.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Thanks, guys. I'll get back in queue.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much and good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hi, Seth.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just wanted to go back to one of the last comments that you made about the second quarter and I know you might want to shy away from giving quarterly guidance, but just in terms of the guidance for the year, 22% roughly, a little over 20% of the revenue in Q1, it sounds like, it's a little bit more back-end weighted whereas last year about half the sales for the combined company were in the first half. Could you talk a little bit about your level of visibility and level of confidence in the second half sales pickup?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You're right in those comments, we do think it's more back-half than front half loaded. That's the way we built our plan for the year, so it's not surprising we had – we were a little light in Q1, down 6% organically. We know that bringing Exelis into our business, we showed our numbers on a pro forma basis. They had a fiscal year last year which ended in December, so their fourth quarter was now our second-quarter. They had a pretty strong run at that quarter as a lot of companies do in the last quarter of their fiscal year. So that does give us some year-over-year headwind. And keep in mind we are still under a continuing resolution. There's no appropriations budgets yet. And that still does drive some stickiness in the funding outlays for what is now our second quarter. We do expect given the budget deal and more favorable comparisons to see a recovery in the back half of our fiscal year.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, wonder if you could talk about trends in the Critical Networks business, I mean that's one business where it seems like the sales that you booked in the first quarter are kind of, on par with kind of, a run rate that you are looking for through the year and kind of – are things kind of stabilizing there? I know there's two markets there where there's a couple of challenges in the government services and in energy and kind of, what's the latest there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. It has been – it's a business that has – it came out of the gates a little soft and we're guiding down 10% to 12% for the full year. Q1 was down 12%. Very pleased that we're protecting the margins, I think we're doing a good job in taking cost out in spite of the pretty weak revenue environment, but Seth, you hit the nail on the head, its two soft markets. One is government IT. That we see down in the mid-teens for the year. Not different than what we talked about last time as both our IT services business as well as the Exelis IT business. Q1 was a bit down worse than that in government IT services. But we do expect that the revenue will be roughly flat sequentially over the balance of the year. The book-to-bill in Q1 was about – was over 1% and we expected to be about 1% for the year. So I think that feels pretty good. Keep in mind in IT services, we have a couple of unique dimensions happening here. One, Exelis lost the space launch range system contract prior to the acquisition, happened just over a year ago. And that's rolling through the numbers and that's about $85 million. And there's a couple of other programs that we are transitioning out of at Harris, specifically the NMCI contract and a pretty large VA program that ended last year. So there's a couple of different things, dynamics that are happening that are relatively unique in that government IT market for us. We are refocusing on the intelligence community. We think that there's an opportunity to differentiate ourselves in that space. Some of those awards are moving a little bit to the right. But I think that's going to start to see some stability through the balance of the year, as at least in terms of sequential growth. The other one that has an impact in the quarter is, as you suggested, is in the CapRock energy business. We expected that to be weak in the year. It's going to be down on a full-year basis sort of mid-teens in Q1. It was a little bit worse than that. We know that oil is still relatively weak. We saw the results from a lot of the oil service companies and majors over the last quarter. Rig count remains pretty weak. It's down about 40% year-over-year. And some of the oil majors and service companies are announcing more restructurings and CapEx cut. So, we do see continued pressure in that business. We're watching it very, very carefully. We think we've calibrated our year. But again, the market is pretty volatile at this point and we keep watching it. The piece in that, in Critical Networks is relatively stable and we feel good about it and that's on the FAA side. We've got a good portfolio of businesses with the FAA. It's pretty broad-based. And we feel very good about our position in the funding pattern for the FAA programs within Critical Networks. So, Seth, when you put all of these pieces together, a long-winded way of saying it, that's where the Critical Networks is down about 10% or 12% in the year.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Maybe just a first one on margins, if I'm reading the slides correctly, and we're looking at the pro forma margins at the segments, you had big step- ups in three out of the four segments, so is there anything to read across from that in terms of how they phase through the year or is it just a seasonally strong quarter for margins?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, we don't typically see seasonal strength in Q1, it moves based on things going on in the businesses quarter-to-quarter. But I would say we do expect to see synergy savings ramping over the balance of the year. I mentioned in my comments, we had $11 million in Q1. Sheldon talked about $70 million to $75 million in the full year. So, of course, that is – it's going to happen in the bulk of that – that's yet to come and not in our numbers. So you will see some strength coming in the numbers simply because of integration savings which are booked within the segments. The other side is, we're pushing very very hard on our legacy operational excellence, Harris Business Excellence program and we do see opportunities that continue to protect margins in each of the segments, because of that. So three of the segments, very strong margin expansion, one that we feel pretty good about holding margins in spite of a pretty significant revenue downturn. So I think from Harris, good control in our cost structure so far.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you. And then second question maybe on a couple of the big programs. I was wondering if you can give us maybe what your view is on the manpack contract as to how you see the field growing out. Do you think like Rifleman it will be yourselves versus a competitive field of an additional one or could it perhaps be more than one? And then similarly with what you've been able to do on the domestic programs, do you see a big opportunity to change the scope and direction of the UK's Bowman replacement and is that a major opportunity going forward, if you can get them to think outside of their current provider.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, on the first one on the manpack, its bids are in, so it's still in the source selection process. So I really don't have insight into who else has been coming to the table more than what has been rumored in the press. As I mentioned in prior comments, the Army does expect tuition award could be as early as December. We're thinking more it's early next calendar year, depends upon who comes to the table. They are expecting to issue up to three IDIQ awardees and that's what we see at this point. We do know that it's going to be a very large $12 billion plus ceiling value IDIQ and I think we're very, very well-positioned for that. So I feel very good about where we happen to be on the manpack and not much more to say at this point given the status of that opportunity. Relative to Bowman or MORPHEUS, I think that could be a pretty interesting opportunity for us. Exelis is an important player there as Harris has been. So we together are more a formidable player in the UK. We have been working with other partners in the UK. That's going to be shaking itself out over the next several years, not several quarters. So I really don't want to say too much more about how we might position ourselves for success in the UK. But Steven, Dana Mehnert who now is Head of our Global Business Development group and built tactical radios to what we do today is leading our global BD organization and I can assure you, he is focused on the UK.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. I appreciate that color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Bill, can you quantify the run rate eventually on programs like MNVR, the Rifleman program, and manpack as far as you can tell, I mean, if there are eventually two awardees on that? And then what is sort of the run rate? I know what the budgeted dollars are, but what do you actually anticipate what is a mature their run rate today?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: It's really hard to put a number on it outside of what's in a PBR, Gautam, to be honest with you. I'd be speculating and, boy, I hate to do that on these kinds of calls, so I won't. As we said before, MNVR last year was sort of $8 million to $10 million, $12 million in revenue. This year it will be a little more – twice that, $20 million to $25 million. We see that could grow to $40 million to $45 million. Again, it depends upon what the Army wants to do and how they are going to field the radio in their BCT structure and also it's a lot of the dynamics that come into play. We do know that between the Rifleman and the manpack that we've been told could be a procurement up to about $0.5 billion. If you look at the PBR, that's what it says. We don't have any more insights relative to the total market opportunity for us. What our job is to do is to put forth our most aggressive approach of fantastic technologically advanced and innovative products and we're 100% sure of that business, whatever it happens to be and that's what we're focused on.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Can you comment on what the Rifleman is running at in the current fiscal year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, Rifleman won't be any revenue in this year or next. It will start to ramp in – at the end of fiscal 2017 is when the Rifleman will start to ramp. It's probably the second half of our fiscal 2017 and it will become a little bit more meaningful in fiscal 2018.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. In terms of the – you mentioned the recent minimum requirement of $173 million to the pension. Can you comment on any initiatives you've undertaken to reduce the ongoing cash burden of the pension?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Gautam. I'll pass it to Mick and let Mick comment on that.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Thank you very much. I think as we've said, there have been multiple actions taken in the past from – in 2011 freezing the new hires and lump sums liabilities given out. And we actually froze the benefits in the end of 2016. So moving forward, we see that we're trying to address the asset side and the liability side. On the liabilities, we are considering some cash balance for the actives, perhaps some lump sum for some of the term vested employees to take advantage of the IRS rulings and insofar as moving forward to matching our assets to the obligations longevity. So we will derisk through defined glidepaths and with specific trigger points.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Is it fair to assume that in your $1 billion free cash flow, you are targeting four years out that you're not expecting a meaningful decline in the ongoing cash contribution of $170-or-so million?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We see a modest reduction in cash contributions go into next fiscal year, fiscal 2017 sort of in the $170 million range. But we do see the 2019, 2020 period down could be quite less than that, so in the fiscal 2019. So when you sort of think about three years out, fiscal 2018 hitting $1 billion, hitting that $1 billion of free cash flow target three years out does not include really any reductions in pension contribution, it really happens beyond that horizon.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. Okay. One last one. On the foreign pipeline, the $2.4 billion.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Are you anticipating any significant single contract awards in that or is it a fairly lumpy thing or is it diverse across many smaller opportunities, if you could just give us some sense if we should be expecting like a huge Australian win or a huge Saudi win, what should we be looking for?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: There are certain markets and you hit on a couple that are quite large in a longer-term pipeline and we do see our position in Australia strong. There is a procurement on the horizon, it goes out beyond 18 months that is quite substantial and we're in the midst of that, but it's not in that 12-month to 18-month pipeline. It really is pretty broad-based. It's across a lot of different markets, through the Middle East, through North Africa into Central Asia. It was very, very good to see FMS funding through OCO accounts continuing to bolster what's happening in Iraq through the Train and Equip Funds, through ERI, which flowed through into some opportunities in the Baltics. We saw some good opportunities surface in Latin America this past quarter and are still in our pipeline. So, Gautam, it is pretty broad-based. There's not any big substantial orders that are in our 12-month to 18-month horizon that I'd want to single out. Beyond that, there is some big opportunities in markets like in Saudi as well as in Australia, but nothing as gigantic in the next 18 months.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Gautam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Quilty of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Wanted to touch on the two legacy Exelis programs. You mentioned within the Space and Intel a downturn in some commercial space payloads, I assume that's the old Kodak camera manufacturing business and there have been lots of changes in terms of the space imaging business. Can you give us a sense of what you think the prospects for that business are on a go forward basis?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Chris, hey, thanks for the question, Chris. And I'll take the first and maybe turn to Sheldon on the second and he can elaborate a little bit. The downturn in the space payload really is more legacy Harris than legacy Exelis. Remember a couple of years ago we booked an opportunity with Aireon for putting hosted payload on an Iridium NEXT constellation. That work has been through the pipeline. We're delivering vehicles. We're pretty far down the path of recognizing revenue and opportunity. And that's started to move back off. So that's more on the legacy Harris than legacy Exelis perspective. Let me turn it to Sheldon maybe to give a couple of comments on outlook for space imaging.
Sheldon J. Fox - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Chris, the outlook up in Rochester for Exelis' legacy imaging business is actually very strong. They've had an upturn in the number of new orders and new programs they have. They are hiring up there in Rochester. And they've developed some exciting new technologies that we believe have application both in their traditional market spaces and in this new emerging commercial market imaging space. So we're very bullish on their imaging business in Rochester.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. And the other legacy Exelis question. The counter IED programs, it seems like you had a nice order this quarter. What's the longer-term prospect in that area?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, certainly, this year it's going to be pretty solid, and it's going to be a driver of growth in 2016 over 2015. It remains to be seen what happens beyond 2016, but right now we feel pretty good about the opportunity we saw come through the Department of State and that's going to drive growth this year, Chris.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Tais Correa - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, all. It's actually Tais Correa from Noah's team.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Tais Correa - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, we were curious actually on how you see the new budget deal helping short cycle defense, if you could give us a little bit of color on that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, look the two-year deal is pretty encouraging to us. It's encouraging to the rest of the industry. It's going to eliminate some of the overhang of uncertainty and all that's, I think, good news. I think you know the budget like we do. DoD is up 5% fiscal 2016, maybe another 2% in 2017. So that's pretty good. We were very pleased with the size of the OCO accounts, because some of the funding that we use for international comes out of OCO accounts like ITEF and ERI and a couple of Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, other things that will help us definitely in 2016 and going forward into 2017. But look, it's a deal. There is no appropriations bills yet. That needs to flow itself out and that will happen between now and hopefully December 11. But judging by what was in the NDAA that was unfortunately vetoed by the President, but it's going to flow back through, I think a lot of the Harris programs seem to be well supported both in the tactical, normal tactical line as well as in other things that affect Harris Corporation. So I do think that the budget deal and the certainty and the level of funding is going to be good news for Harris both short cycle and medium cycle opportunities as well as rest of the industry. So I think net-net it's good news.
Tais Correa - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. That's helpful. And just if I may another question, if you could break down the $2.2 billion in orders that you have by the new segment, it would be helpful too.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I don't think we're going to do that today. I'm sorry. I gave the comments on where we saw some strength and I gave some comments on where we saw a little bit of weakness. But I think we'll stay at that relatively high level of color at this point.
Tais Correa - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Peter.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Yeah, guys. Couple of follow-ups. Can you share with us your expectation for cash taxes for the full year?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: I'm going to turn it to Mick on cash taxes.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yeah. Look, our tax rate is as we said is going to be about 34% for the year. First quarter was a slight lower. The timing of the cash taxes depends from quarter-to-quarter, but I think for the year it will be slightly lower than 44%. We have some credits from last year.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. And then, on operating working capital, you guys are normally really good on a full-year basis on operating working capital, it looks like in the first quarter there may be some timing items. Do you expect to kind of, make that up as you go through the year or just you're going to be more of a use of cash for working capital?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: No. We do expect to make up for what we knew was going to be some snapback that happened in Q1, you recall in our Q4 release, we had some "overdrive" on AP on payables and we said about half that was going to snap into Q1, it did. But we're focused on improving working capital over the course of this year. That's an important driver for our free cash flow guidance that we've given to investors.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Great. And, I guess, if I could sneak in a last one.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: I wanted to hit the legacy Exelis product lines. If I do the math, it looks like Exelis night vision radios is down probably on the order of 20% or so. Should we annualize that? Is that business dropping off that quickly? I was kind of expecting it had already troughed kind of after the war drawdown.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Look, I won't give color so deep into the businesses at that level, but I would say that on the night vision side, five years ago, it was quite big based on what was happening in the wars. It's come down. It is starting to bottom out and flatten out and we are doing, I think, an outstanding job in our Roanoke facility to improve quality and meet delivery schedules with the Army, regain credibility with – I think we're doing a very, very good job. And I do see stability in that business. As Sheldon mentioned in his remarks, on the Exelis side, there is a very large installed base as SINCGARS radio in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And in fact, there are lots of countries that have standardized on SINCGARS and they'll continue to buy that. So we do expect to see growth opportunities in SINCGARS, and hopefully, we can leverage more of the existing Harris channels to open up some new opportunities that hadn't been there before. So I wouldn't give any more color than that. There has been some downturns in that night vision comm systems business. But we feel pretty good about the prospects going forward.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah. Thanks again. Hi. So, you mentioned in the foreign pipeline Australia and the Middle East are big kind of opportunities and I just wondered, those are commodity-linked economies, the U.S. dollar obviously has strengthened. I just wondered are you seeing any incremental price pressure or delays in terms of procurement RFP to actual contract signing.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. We do see price pressure all the time in our international business, because it's very competitive and that has been the case and it's one we continued to deal with through a lot of cost reductions and bringing technology. We sell our product in dollars and that does cause some headwinds with non-U.S. providers, some competitive pressure. But we respond aggressively to that. On the other commodity side, which is on the oil side, we have seen some stretch outs in a couple of markets. We talked about this last time that remains the case today in Iraq and in Saudi where we have seen some stretch out in some of the opportunities, that's factored in our pipeline, it's factored in our guidance for the year. We do know that in Saudi, they have prioritized investments for their military for – to combat the border strife with Yemen, but again those things have already factored into our guidance.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And one other thing, if I recall the Exelis pension, I think the majority of it related to non-Exelis employees and I'm wondering could you update us on that and how much of that pension is actually recoverable via cash reimbursement?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yes. There is about 47,000 participants in that pension and insofar as the number of employees, it's about almost 50-50. But the majority because of the activeness of the retirees is mostly defense-related. And I think we mentioned that last year the CAS recoverability for Exelis was about $129 million. We expect that to be a little bit higher in FY 2016.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And how does that relate to the FAS, just remind us?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: The FAS is a positive income of $25 million.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And just in terms of as we look forward at fiscal 2016, 2017, 2018, could you just give us a sense for what the downturn is going to be between FAS and CAS?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: They are going to be fairly constant, as you all know a lot of it depends on your expected return on assets on your discount rates. Looking out at year is, I would say going to be very, very constant not large changes. We've actually done some sensitivity analysis for what happens if the market gyrates up or down and it's not that significant change. It does materially impact you in the further out years and that's way we like to keep our guidance to current year.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up from Seth Seifman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Just one quick follow-up. The booking strength in the first quarter was very impressive and I know it's not something we can expect every quarter but how would you think about the possibility to end the year with book-to-bill greater than one across the company?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's a good question, Seth and that's certainly what we aspire to do every year – is to build our backlog. So that certainly would be our goal for the year as we see where we are at today. But you are right, we had a good start to the year. 1.24 book-to-bill is pretty good, the backlog coming up is pretty good. I was very pleased Seth as you could imagine with the growth in the tactical business and increasing in tactical backlog and I think if that holds through the year, I think we'll be in great shape.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Seth.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Operator, I think we have one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Steven Cahall of Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Just a follow-up on the portfolio. I think in the last quarter, you talked about taking a dispassionate approach and possibly seeing some opportunities for portfolio shaping. So I was wondering if you could just update us with that and are there any specific businesses, where you think you might be subscale be that some of the legacy Exelis businesses like the structures or PSPC or Critical Networks, and should we expect to see a discontinued operations line at some point in the relative near future?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, Steven, we continue to take a very dispassionate view, so thanks for remembering that. We have said that as we're now an $8 billion company with a broader set of businesses we have an opportunity for some portfolio shaping. We're really taking a hard look at that. We're looking at across all of the different businesses. You threw a couple of names out there which we're obviously not going to comment on any specific plans today. We're not ready to do that. But it's something we continue to look at. And as we have things to announce or discuss with investors we'll be certain to do that.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Okay. With that last question, I think we'll close the call for the day. Thank you everyone for participating.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp. William M. Brown - Harris Corp. Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Pam Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; and Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we'll discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call also will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning. Fourth quarter was productive for Harris and we ended the year with solid results. Harris standalone revenue and earnings per share met expectations and free cash flow was stronger than expected at 119% of non-GAAP net income exceeding our goal of 100%. A significant accomplishment in the quarter was closing the Exelis acquisition on May 29, a bit sooner than expected, allowing us to accelerate a few key actions and speed up the pace of integration. On the day of closing, we consolidated headquarters activities between Harris and Exelis. On July 1, we announced our new organizational model, creating four market focused segments and combining the top talent of both companies. And then two weeks later on July 15, we announced our intent to close Exelis's Ft. Wayne Tactical radio facility and consolidate production in our world-class Rochester manufacturing operations. So, we're off to a good start and we'll provide a little more color on our integration efforts during the call. At the end of the quarter, we closed on the sale of our commercial healthcare business to NantHealth, providing the business the domain expertise and channel leverage to allow it to reach its maximum potential. As we've expressed before, the Exelis acquisition provides us unique opportunity for portfolio shaping actions and in the context of our now larger combined company will continue to take a dispassionate view in evaluating what businesses are strategic and which are better served under a different owner. Turning now to our financial results on slide 4 of the presentation, Harris earlier today reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.32 in the fourth quarter and $5.14 for the full year, both of which include a $0.09 benefit from one month of ownership of Exelis. Excluding the impact of Exelis's operating results for the month of June, non-GAAP Harris standalone earnings per share was $1.23 in the fourth quarter and $5.05 for the full year, with full year revenue down 4%, all in line with prior guidance and reflecting good operating performance. In the fourth quarter, higher revenue and continued margin strength for both RF Communications and Government Communications was more than offset by the anticipated weakness in Integrated Network Solutions. Orders for Harris standalone are $1.28 billion, up 17% over the prior year and significantly higher in RF Communications and Government Communications. Book to bill for the quarter was just about one 1% and for the full fiscal year was 0.98%. Strategically, we continue to increase our international footprint and invest aggressively in company-funded R&D to position the company for future growth. International revenue was up 2% in the quarter and 4% for the year increasing as a percentage of total revenue from 30% last year to 32% this fiscal year. And we increased our investment in IRAD as a percentage of total revenue to 5.7% this year compared to 5.3% in fiscal 2014, and 4% just three years ago. I was particularly pleased with our free cash flow results, coming in about a $100 million, above what we were guiding on Harris standalone basis, due to continued tightening of capital spending and improved working capital performance including higher accounts payable. Before turning to Mick to go through the details of the financials, let me offer a few high level comments on the segments. Revenue at RF Communications was up 2%, driven by a 5% increase in tactical and a 4% decline in Public Safety. Within Tactical, continued strength in international more than offset a decline in the U.S. which was a little lower than expected as a result of orders from two customers totaling $28 million, taking a little longer to finalize and missing the quarter cut. The majority is now booked and shipped. Regardless of the slip, back half for Tactical came in at a solid 6% growth with Q4 book-to-bill of 1.1% and 0.94% for the year. In the international Tactical market, a highlight was a five-year $55 million order from Australia for technical and logistics support to ensure combat readiness of our JP 2072 Phase 2 products that we previously shipped, bringing orders to date in Australia to more than $700 million. This latest win further strengthens our partnership with the Australian Defense Force and helps position Harris for Phase 3 of the country's multi-year battlefield communication modernization program that represents a $750 million opportunity that sits outside of our 12-month to 18-month pipeline. In the U.S. Tactical market, we saw continued momentum for Army modernization. As you know, early in the fourth quarter, we were awarded a 10-year $3.9 billion IDIQ contract for the Rifleman Radio, and by late July, we completed qualification testing with the customer. On the much larger Manpack program, the final RFP was released on August 3, a bit earlier than the September timeframe we previously expected with bids due in 60 days for what will be a very sizable 10-year $12.7 billion multi-vendor IDIQ contract. The Army now intends to award up to three IDIQ contracts in December, followed by qualification testing in March, and customer testing in mid-summer 2016 with full rate production delivery start dates in the first quarter of our fiscal 2018, pretty much as we expected. The published acquisition objective is for 65,000 radios, and I continue to believe that we are well positioned to capture a significant portion of this multi-year, multi-billion dollar opportunity. And then finally, our mid-tier MNVR radio for the Army completed limited user testing at NIE 15.2, a significant milestone towards full rate production. LRIPS (7:55) are expected to follow with operational test and evaluation at NIE 16.2 and a full rate production award in September of 2016. MNVR should begin to ramp in fiscal 2016 and together with Rifleman Radio should become a more significant revenue contributor and drive good growth for U.S. Tactical in 2017 and beyond. Revenue in Government Communications was up 1% in the quarter and 3% for the year, which is an excellent result given the environment. Major growth drivers for the year included our large classified win in geospatial imagery called Foundation GEOINT Content Management, continued ramping of F-35, wireless products, SATCOM terminals, and Highband Networking Radios for the Army, and mission radios for the airborne market. I'll also quickly highlight a new strategic partnership with exactEarth that we announced in Q4. exactEarth is a market leader in satellite-based remote ship tracking. And in the fourth quarter, we received a $55 million order to place 58 commercially hosted payloads on the Iridium NEXT constellation to refresh the exactEarth network. This is the same satellite platform that host Aireon and other payloads in which Harris has the prime role and it's a good strategic win for our team. Let me now turn over to Mick to provide some greater detail on the results and our fiscal 2016 guidance. Mick?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Bill, and good morning to everyone. Slide 5 provides a detailed reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP and to Harris standalone non-GAAP earnings, highlighting $281 million in one-time deal and integration cost in FY 2015, which is in line with the $270 million to $290 million in our prior guidance. We also incurred additional charges in Q4 of a net $32 million for restructuring and other items impacting Harris standalone business, with the largest part being an intangible impairment in Integrated Network Solutions for the NMCI contract. Excluding $0.09 per share contribution from Exelis in Q4, Harris full year EPS was $5.05. On slide 6, we provide further detail on our ending cash balance and capital expenditures, which had $148 million for fiscal year 2015, include $4 million for legacy Exelis. Our tax rate for the quarter and year was as expected, ending the year with a non-GAAP tax rate of 30.2%. The favorable fiscal 2015 rate, which we don't expect to repeat in fiscal 2016, resulted from foreign tax credits, the R&D tax credit, and other fiscal 2014 tax settlements. Moving to segment results on slide 7, RF Communications orders in the fourth quarter were $530 million compared to $361 million in the prior year, and revenue was $505 million compared to $493 million last year. Tactical Communications revenue was $366 million, and increased 5%, while orders were $402 million. In Public Safety, orders were $128 million and essentially flat compared to prior year of $129 million. Revenue was $139 million compared to $145 million last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $159 million, excluding restructuring charges related to Public Safety. Non-GAAP operating margin was 31.6% for the quarter and a strong 31.1% for the full year. Turning to Government Communications Systems on slide 8, fourth quarter revenue was $485 million, up 1% compared to $480 million in the prior year. Higher revenue from the Foundation GEOINT Content Management program, the F-35 program and Highband Networking Radios for the Army's WIN-T program was partially offset by lower revenue from two classified programs and the Navy's Commercial Broadband Satellite program. Segment operating income was $66 million and operating margin was 13.7% in the quarter and a strong 15.8% for the full year. Turning to Integrated Network Solutions on slide 9, fourth quarter revenue was $289 million compared with $373 million in the prior year, a decline of 23%, primarily due to the wind-down of two IT Services programs and continued end market weakness for both IT Services and CapRock. Non-GAAP operating income was $16 million, excluding charges related to restructuring and other items compared to $33 million in the prior year, primarily due to the wind-down of highly profitable NMCI contract and continued weakness in commercial healthcare. Moving to fiscal 2016 guidance on slide 10. Today, we're providing high level guidance on revenue and EPS with some color around fiscal 2016 expectations based on the legacy businesses of Harris and Exelis. Once we have pro forma historical information for fiscal 2015 recast into our four new segments, we'll provide an outlook by segment, as we typically do. We're initiating guidance for GAAP EPS in a range of $5.25 to $5.45, and for non-GAAP in a range of $5.60 to $5.80. Fiscal 2016 non-GAAP EPS excludes about $60 million to $65 million of integration cost and a $10 million charge related to inventory step-up. It includes about $133 million, or about $0.70 per share, of Exelis acquisition intangible amortization. Fiscal 2016 non-GAAP EBIT margin is expected to be in a range of 16.2% to 16.7%. Putting aside for a minute the cost synergies and other impacts related to the acquisition, guidance reflects segment level operating margin for legacy Exelis slightly lower than the prior year fiscal pro forma of about 12.5%. Harris segment level operating margin is expected to be about flat with the prior year, based on legacy RF continued margin strength similar to a prior year, a more normalized operating margin in legacy Government Communications of about 15%, and for IT Services and CapRock together, an operating margin of around 9%. Other P&L guidance details are outlined on slide 10. I'll start with an update on expected synergy savings and integration cost. Our integration team has moved aggressively to capture cost synergies and is ahead of schedule. As a result, both integration costs and savings are occurring sooner than what we previously expected. We're now on track to achieve fiscal 2016 savings of $70 million to $75 million, and expect to be at an annual run rate savings of $120 million as we exit fiscal 2017, a year sooner than our original estimate and at the top end of our prior range. The $120 million in savings is net of savings that will flow immediately back to the government. Integration spending was $112 million in fiscal 2015, and we expect another $60 million to $65 million in fiscal 2016. Total integration cost is now expected to be $150 million, the higher end of our prior range, and net of about $25 million of expected reimbursements from the U.S. Government which are not anticipated to begin until fiscal 2017. As we move to our greater standardization in processes, policies and operations, we'll continue to look for opportunities for further integration savings. Revenue is expected to be in a range of $7.67 billion to $7.83 billion, down 3% to 5% on a pro forma basis compared, with a fiscal 2015 of $8.07 billion. Legacy Harris is expected to be down 2% to 4%. This reflects our initial expectations for Tactical Communications of flat to down slightly, with DoD flat to up low-single digits and international flat to down low-single digits and continuing weakness in Public Safety, with a few percentage point decline. In legacy Government Communications, we expect another growth year of up 2% to 3%. For IT Services and CapRock together, we expect revenue to be down 13% to 15% as a result of continued end market weakness. Legacy Exelis pro forma standalone revenue is expected to be down 5% to 6%, with lower revenue from night vision and communication products and lower revenue from information systems, primarily from the $85 million roll-off of the Spacelift Range System's contract that was lost last October. Slide 11 provides some additional pension information, including an anticipated FAS pension income of about $25 million and ERISA cash contributions of $173 million this fiscal year. With cash funding remaining roughly flat at $170 million in 2017 as a result of pension smoothing provided for under the HAFA and MAP-21 legislation. Our unfunded pension liability has declined by about $200 million to $1.9 billion at the end of fiscal 2015, principally due to the mandatory funding of the legacy Exelis SERP. The effect of modestly higher discount rates and lower expected return on assets largely offset each other. So let me please turn it back to Bill for a few wrap-up comments before we open the call to questions.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Thank you, Mick. The revenue outlook that Mick just described anticipates continued budget constraints and a continuing resolution through the end of this calendar year. While the base budget, even under sequestered caps, is bottoming, and is expected to slowly improve. The recovery will be gradual, with headwinds persisting until budgets improve and drive new program funding. In the meantime, we continue to have a robust growing pipeline of opportunities, which is a positive sign for the future. We also put in place an outstanding team leading the new organization we recently announced. As you see on slide 12, we've organized into four market-focused segments and each segment's president is a well-seasoned executive in the government market: Chris Young with 33 years, Carl D'Alessandro with 31 years, and Bill Gattle and Ed Zoiss each with 28 years. We've taken our two most senior leaders, Sheldon Fox and Dana Mehnert and focused them on driving greater cost and operational efficiencies and reigniting revenue growth across our company. I also believe we delivered on our promise to put the best of the best from both the Harris and Exelis organizations into the top jobs in the combined company with nearly half of the top 50 positions now filled by a former Exelis employee. I think the energy and enthusiasm across the entire company is very high with a lot of excitement about our future. So as we enter the fiscal year at a running start on integration and focused on exceeding our synergy goals and driving good earnings growth in 2016 with even higher accretion in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. To conclude on slide 13, we're executing very well on all critical integration success factors from my deep personal ownership of the integration program to the full time dedicated team led by Sheldon Fox, that's driving a disciplined process with speed and precision to the close oversight of the board and the constant communication with employees. The result is that we're now at the high end of our prior range of run rate savings achieved about one year sooner than previously expected with 90% of the actions underpinning the savings completed or in process in just 70 days since we closed. I'm really proud of what Harris has accomplished this past year and I'm optimistic and confident about what our new team of over 23,000 dedicated employees can deliver in the future. Together, we're committed to solving our customers' most complex challenges and driving value for our shareholders. With that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: I had a couple questions. First, Bill, I was wondering if you could expand on your earlier comment about looking at things that could be non-core. If you could just talk about what your return metrics are for making that evaluation.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, the first thing we're doing is, I mean, we're looking very hard at what fits strategically or not and we're also looking at what pieces perform well within our company. And I think you've seen over the last couple of years our willingness to take on some tough challenges on businesses that either weren't strategic or core to our company or offer good returns to our shareholders and I think we've made good decisions that add value to our shareowners and we'll do the same thing going forward. We really don't have any more today to report, Gautam, but we continue to look at the portfolio and we'll let shareholders know and you know as we make decisions.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about the pension at Exelis? I know you – in the slide you mentioned the $170 million minimum payment this year. Are there – do you have plans underway to minimize that cash payment as we move forward? Any different approach to the Exelis pension problem that you can talk about?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, certainly, we can talk about that. A lot of work has been done on the pension in the past. As you may know, in 2011, the pension was frozen to new hires. In 2011, there was an enhanced defined contribution plan that decreased participants. In 2012, we had a lump sum program that decreased another amount of participants. And looking forward, we're taking an approach of obligations not just for the pensions, but also for some of the other obligations we have out there. And we're looking at certainly de-risking the asset portfolio, which is a concern in order to have more traditional investment matching to liabilities. But looking at the obligations, we have to stratify the pension years and future pension years and be able to offer lump sums, so we're looking at some of that for the term vested and that traditional approaches. So right now, we have a comprehensive study going on, we're using consultants and actuaries to determine what is the best course of action going forward. But we will take an approach towards the pension both on the asset side and on the liability side to de-risk it and to lower the obligations.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And last one, sale synergies, can you talk about any opportunities that you're seeing that are contemplated in the guidance or not? I don't know, does it include any sale synergies or have you seen (24:01)?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. First of all, it does not include any sale synergies. Right now, we're focused on the cost side that we've got out of the gates very, very quickly. As we've talked before, the deal was justified on cost savings, not revenue upside. We clearly do see revenue opportunities over time. We have a very good team focused on that, we're organized in a way to go and capture some of the revenue upside by the four market focused segments. I think, importantly, we put one of our most seasoned executives that you know well on Dana Mehnert. On top of global business development, one of his key responsibilities is to identify and go out and capture some of those revenue opportunity between the company. So, something we'll say more about over the course of fiscal 2016, maybe not next quarter, but certainly over the course of the year.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Well, congratulations on the great results, guys, and good luck.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Thank you. Gautam, thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Carter Copeland from Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Pardon me, Mr. Copeland, please check your mute button. We'll move to the next question. Our next question is from Seth Seifman from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. Good morning and congratulations on a successful transaction. I was wondering as you look ahead and I know it's obviously very early to start talking about what might happen beyond next year. But when do you think about the overall company and maybe Exelis specifically moving to top line growth?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, look, we're entering a fiscal 2016 where we still have some friction in the system with the government budgets. We do expect ACR to go through the balance of the year. It could extend beyond that, we'll see over the next several months as to what's happening in DC and that does put some challenges in our business and certainly with Exelis as well. But we do see, even under a sequester budget, budget is improving in fiscal 2017, 2018. I'm very, very encouraged that we are seeing some of the modernization spending on Tactical radio start to move. And I feel good about where we're at on Rifleman, I'm really glad to see the Manpack RFP come out a couple of days ago. I'm glad to see that they are moving quickly with a 60-day proposal time period and expected to make awards in December, if all things go smoothly in negotiation. So these, I think, are good signs that there is money moving or will move over time and I do feel pretty optimistic that that'll allow our company to grow maybe not next year, but certainly in years beyond that, Seth. Thank you.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Thanks. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up on the international radios, and can you talk about maybe being flat to slightly down next year, you could just talk about the – anything shifting in terms of the regional dynamic. And I know you mentioned the Australia opportunity that comes beyond the pipeline portfolio, but anything that's kind of shifting it in the portfolio and then the pipeline, and if there is any kind of trajectory, the outlook beyond this year for international radio?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. I mean, the international business process, as you know, has been very, very strong and we ended...
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: ... the year in Q4 very strong. The orders were extraordinary. I'm very glad to see the revenue was up for the full year, was at the high-end of what we're guiding to, nearly 10%. So we feel very good about where we ended the year. The pipeline is still pretty robust at about $2.4 billion, last quarter it's $2.5 billion. I wouldn't read a lot into that. It was around a little bit time-to-time, but it's still very solid at $2.4 billion. The shape of the pipeline looks pretty much like it has over the last couple of quarters, more than half of it is in the Middle East, Northern Africa, Central Asia and that does seem still to be pretty robust though we do see in the Middle East in two specific countries some stretch out of some opportunities which we believe over time are very big for the company, one is in Iraq and the other is in Saudi Arabia. In Iraq, certainly, the price of oil that's with WTI shifting just a little bit below $45 a barrel, that's causing some impact on direct commercial sales. We do know that Iraq sales for us back stopped by U.S. government foreign military funding but there were some new commanders in Iraq and that's taking a bit slower for some of those sales into Iraq to take place. So Iraq is slipping a little bit. And in Saudi, oil is causing a little bit of a problem there. There's a new leadership team in Saudi Arabia and certainly the strife in Yemen is causing some shifting around of priorities. Those are the two things that shifted a little bit further to the right. We do see multi-year opportunities in the hundreds of millions of dollars in both Iraq and Saudi Arabia. So we feel good about those. Australia is very strong for us. I mentioned in my remarks a $750 million Phase 3 opportunity that's outside of our pipeline, but it's real. We were participating in that and that's going to end up happening. So longer term, we do see good opportunities in international. If you recall, at the beginning of fiscal 2015, we started international tactical with relatively modest guidance of up low-single digits and we ended up at about 10%. And I hope, going into fiscal 2016, we're being similarly conservative.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's great color. Thank you.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Seth. Welcome, by the way.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Good morning, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, Pete. Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Hey, Bill, I guess, just on the prior target of $1 billion in free cash by year four, can you update us? Are you sticking with that? And what year should we think of as year four at this point?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Year four will probably go out from four years when I first made the comment, so I wouldn't want to accelerate that from here, but I still feel confident on $1 billion of free cash flow. When I look at just where we happen to be guiding this year, at more than 100% of adjusted GAAP net income, excluding amortization – the after-tax amortization, when you run the math on that, it's sort of in the $750 million range, with a lot of moving parts and we're just getting started. You add on top of that run rate savings, some improvements of working capital, some more tightening down on capital spending and other things, and I do see that, over the next three years, four years we could definitely get to $1 billion of free cash. So, no, I'm not backing off that target.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. And then just on capital deployment, it looks like you're turning off the repurchase program at least for this year. Is that right? And then maybe, what's the right level of debt pay-down to factor in this year?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, that's as we signaled before, our number one priority, outside of funding our own internal requirements, which of course is embedded in free cash flow, and making sure that we continue to pay an attractive dividend. Beyond that, our number one priority is debt pay-down, and that's what we're going to do, and it's important for us to de-lever. We still have the targets out there, going from 2.9 times net leverage to 1.5 times over the next three years, and that's our number one priority. So, for the course of fiscal 2016 in our current guidance, we've assumed no share buyback.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, got it. And then just last one, maybe more for Mick, but the deal amortization of $133 million, is that the same level in 2017 and 2018, or does that run off pretty quickly? And can you help us with how it loads across the quarters for 2016?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yeah, sure. Of the $1.6 billion, about $1.4 billion is in customer relations, the rest is in technology, trademarks, brands and so forth. But there is a little bit which is for the Exelis brand, and that gets amortized over two years. So we expect to have $133 million for the next two years, and then it's $125 million, or a little bit less, in the others.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Josh Sullivan from Sterne CRT (32:05). Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: All right. Good morning.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey. Good morning, Josh.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: What kind of impact does a quarter point raise in interest rates have on the pension obligation?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Yes. So the sensitivity for quarter point is – and there's convexity here, right? So 25 basis points up is a decrease of $171 million, and 25 basis points down is an increase of $208 million on our liability. On the income, 25 basis points, it's about $8 million. That answer your question?
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Yes. That's helpful, thank you. And then just on the healthcare divestiture, how much was it losing a year? And then, did you receive any compensation for the transaction?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We did. And you'll see in the tables that we are presenting, and you'll see in our K, that we received about $43 million net cash in in the fourth quarter for the sale of healthcare. The transaction was about $50 million, there's some that's sitting in escrow. The cash in was about $43 million. It gave us a pre-tax gain in the quarter about $8 million. So when you look at a year-over-year basis, it's worth about $12 million delta between fiscal 2015 and 2016 in terms of the healthcare impact.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a follow-up from Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: I'll hop back in. Hey, guys, on the segment guidance – the updated segment guidance, do you contemplate issuing an 8-K intra-quarter with the pro formas, or was there some other plan there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: We've got a lot of work to do here on just restating the historicals and I would say that, I'm looking to Mick, but I think we'll be able to provide outlook guidance in the segment historicals restated, certainly in our Q1 release. We can't commit today that it'll be any sooner than that, but it will be at the latest at our Q1 release.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: You're absolutely right, Bill. We're working to finish the K, and we look forward to re-segmenting, providing the information to you as soon as possible.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, got it. And then on the $37 million – I think it was $37 million – restructuring at INS in the fourth quarter, is that a go-forward cost take-out for IT Services and CapRock? Is that what's going on there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, there is a piece of it, about $19 million, that's, as Mick had mentioned, is the write-down of an intangible associated with the NMCI contract that went away over the course of fiscal 2015, and that's about half of it. The balance is restructuring at CapRock.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay, okay. And then, lastly, just – Bill, some of the other big opportunities, the SOCOM STC and I think the Air Force had a big program and there was SANR, anything looking like it's in the 12 months pipeline in terms of a potential award there?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Nothing in the 12-month pipeline. STC, we have a baffle win and the award is expected in September. If they move on in the path, they say they're going to move on and that's on the two-channel handheld. There is a bigger program that's going forward in the Manpack and in HF radio that you will see RFPs on later than September, but that's the current trajectory on STC. And then SANR and SALT, they're going to make some decisions on these programs over the coming months, we believe. And it really depends upon what happens in the fiscal 2016 budget. But we currently are shipping our STT radios for what is considered as SALT, the small airborne link 16 terminal program, and we're already shipping our STT product in concert with ViaSat. And on SANR, it's hard to say what's going to go, that is a WNW SRW two-channel radio for a bunch of military rotary aircraft programs. But I think they wouldn't expect any production awards on that until something like GFY2019. So it's pretty far out there in the future and it's not in our horizon.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a follow-up from Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Bill, can you comment a little about how you're going to preserve profitability at the RF tactical business unit given you have some LPTA type bids coming up? So, if you were to win Manpack, for example, presumably pricing will be under some pressure. And I just wondered if you could talk about some of the levers you have, be it R&D, year-to-year, what are your expectations and other factors?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first of all, I think the team has done a really outstanding job not just in the last three years or over the last decade in taking cost out of the product and I've given some examples on prior calls on what the team has done on 117G to take costs out every year post its launch. And I would see that we'll be able to do the same thing as these new products start to come into the portfolio and mature. At the end of the day, we've got probably the largest Tactical radio facility in the world. It's going to become even more utilized as we bring in the Tactical radio business from Fort Wayne. It's both the international and the DoD business running in the same facility, it's 0.5 million square feet of world-class manufacturing, huge supply chain leverage. And on top of that, we're spending, give or take, $100 million a year on Tactical radio innovations, which I do believe, will continue to put features into our products over time, which will allow us to continue to drive what we hope to be premium price versus our competitors. I think all of those things will allow us to maintain our margins in tactical and that's what we certainly expect at Harris.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And can you help size the MNVR opportunity, what it's been running at and where you think it's going to go on an annual run rate basis?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. It's been in the – about $10 million or $15 million over the last year or two. I think we booked between $15 million to $20 million worth of orders or thereabouts. We expect in fiscal 2016, Gautam, about $20 million worth of revenue and it will ramp a little bit beyond that, probably up maybe two times or three times beyond into fiscal 2017. Again, it depends on what happens as to when they issue the full rate production award, how they want to field it, because that's changing a little bit in some of the BCT (38:40) changes that are happening in the Army. As that settles down, we do know that 2017 is going to ramp from 2016, and we think 2016 is around $20 million of revenue more or less.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And one last one, if you could just also help size HMS Manpack should you win it, I just wondered you do sell some 117Gs now, and if you could just talk about cannibalization, if there is any, if you were to prevail on Manpack.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah, it is – first of all (39:10) sorry to interrupt you. On Manpack, it's not going to affect our revenue until our fiscal 2018, that's what we're thinking at the moment. Based on the schedule as we see it, if you look at just between Rifleman and the Manpack, the PBR is about $0.5 billion per year for that HMS program. And over a decade, that's a $5 billion between Rifleman and Manpack and that's our best guess on a decade-wide opportunity. Obviously, our revenues can depend our share of both Rifleman and the Manpack, but it will affect our fiscal 2018 revenue on the Manpack, probably fiscal 2017 for the Rifleman. In terms of cannibalization, we've given a lot of thinking to this and we believe that it will be mostly incremental to our base business today. Because it's being bought, the modernization it being bought by different parts of the service than what are buying (40:06) the replacement Gs, spares and other things. So our sense is that it will be mostly incremental with not so much cannibalization, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Chris Quilty from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, gentlemen. I haven't yet made it through the whole 689-page Manpack solicitation, but can you comment on any puts and takes you see in the document relative to your design and competitiveness? And can you comment specifically on the proposal for the light version and how well you are positioned for that?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Yeah. I didn't get through 689 pages, Chris, either but we had a really, really, good tactical team that summarized it brilliantly in four pages or five pages. And I think, look, nothing – not much has changed from the very good dialog and interaction we had with the Army during the draft RFP process. It was a couple of industry days. I mean as you know, this has been percolating for quite some time. There's been a lot of active dialog, a lot of conversation on range, power, weight, it was radio weight, mission weight, is MUOS in, is it out. There have been a lot of puts and takes. At the end of the day, the final RFP is in line with what we had expected. What I think is very interesting is that what they are going to do is look for at the time of award you have to meet certain threshold requirements, and one of which is a 16-pound machine weight, they are going to give you some additional, if you will, leverage for MUOS and some antennas and other things. Then they have a deferred threshold set of requirements that have to be met by June of 2017. And then a series of objective requirements that will fold in over time based on how industry evolves to capture some of these opportunities, again, like around power, weight, et cetera. So that's the way we see it shaking out. This whole light Manpack opportunity is going to be kind of interesting, and I don't know where it's ultimately going to go. They are looking for a lower weight Manpack. It maybe features some of the Manpack. It could potentially, Chris, be something like a two-channel handheld that would go to SOCOM (42:31) maybe over time go into regular Army. So we're unclear as to how that's going to evolve over time, but that's essentially the way we see 689 pages in a nutshell.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. And with regard to the 13% to 15% decline in IT Services and CapRock, can you break it out between the two businesses and comment specifically on where you see the CapRock, the energy business trending relative to where you thought it would be six months ago?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Sure. Yeah, on IT Services, we see down about 15%. We see CapRock as a whole down about 10%. And in CapRock down about 10%, we are seeing the energy business down about 20%. Let me just give you a little color on this. Back in Q2 and Q3, the orders were quite good, we did expect the second half revenue in CapRock to turn down, and it in fact did. We came in spot-on what we thought we would be in terms of the CapRock revenue for the year. We were down in Q4 about 13%. Of course, we're seeing now price of oil just below $45, there is a potential deal with – there is a RAND issue that could drop price of oil down even further. We've calibrated, going forward into – for CapRock energy in fiscal 2016 down about 20%. We did see in the last quarter a lot of the oil – major oil service companies have done more restructuring. Rig count is down globally around 36%. We think we've calibrated for current events in CapRock being down about 20% next year. But again, we're watching very, very carefully what is happening to the price of oil, but more importantly, the behavior of our major customers in response to the price of oil and we're simply reacting to what they're doing.
Chris D. Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Hey, good morning, Noah.
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Good morning.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Bill, so, I guess, what are the prospects for eventually moving above the $120 million synergy run rate? It's obviously quite impressive that you were able to move it forward a full year in such a short period of time. But I guess how much is this you had identified everything and have just been able to do it much faster versus finding new things or there being potential to find a lot more opportunity to go even higher than $120 million?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, first of all, Noah, our diligence was very, very good. And we're finding that most of the opportunities that we thought we would capture we have captured and not much has changed. We knew right out of the gate the first thing we would attack would be the public company cost and we did that right out of the gate. We knew there was an opportunity on the Tactical radio side between the two facilities that we had and we went at that very, very quickly. So, most of the things that we had anticipated, we were executing on. As I said, about 90% of the actions that we've contemplated going after $120 million are completed or in process, so we feel pretty good about that. But look, as I said, we're 70 days in and we're at the high end of the range we gave before. As we go forward, we continue to find new opportunities. Will there be some things that work against us? Sure, without a doubt. But I do believe that we have a good opportunity to continue to drive it above $120 million. Today, our best guess for where we stand today is $120 million.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And the cost to achieve synergy that I believe was previously outlined as $130 million to $150 million. Has that moved? I'm not 100% sure that I'm squaring that up with slide 10.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Let me give you some color on that because, first off, the $120 million on the savings, as Mick had mentioned, we reimbursed the government directly in the year immediately on the $120 million. On the cost to achieve, it was $130 million to $150 million, that was net of expected government reimbursement, and that was going to happen over a two-year to three-year time period. We had $112 million worth of integration and project cost hit us in fiscal 2015. We have another $60 million to $65 million hits in fiscal 2016. You put them together, it's about $175 million. We do expect about $25 million reimbursement by the government some time in fiscal 2017 or beyond, and that's what gets us to the $150 million.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I see. Okay. That's helpful. And then, just to follow up on that CapRock question, down 20% is not insignificant, but you mentioned what rig count has done and it's more. And you mentioned what the actual fuel price has done, and it's more. What is it about CapRock that would make it outperform the broader industry?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's really the mix of the rigs. When we say rig count down 36%, that's land, that's near offshore, it's deep offshore, ultra-deep, and we are – because of the assets, the value of deep offshore rigs are so great for the oil companies, they tend to stay in production longer. We're more disposed to offshore and deep offshore, that's where the revenue happens to be. So even though rig count is coming down like on land quite a bit more than 36%, not a lot of revenue for CapRock going into the land side, a lot more on the offshore and deep offshore.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I see. And then, any color or comment you could provide on what potential you see in the legacy Exelis business base margin beyond this year? Should we think of that as pretty flattish over time? Or is there opportunity for that to change? Or does it have headwinds going forward?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, it's coming down slightly in fiscal 2016 from 2015, and that's partly due to the revenue coming down a little bit, we're guiding to down 5% to 6%. When you go back to the old segments of Exelis, we do see the Electronic Systems and the night vision comms business both being down in fiscal 2016 about a mid-single digits. The IS business, information systems, will be down about 10%, with the largest piece of that, seven points or eight points roughly, that's from the loss of a contract, this range support contract, that was lost in October of last year. We do see the aero business up mid-teens, that's growing pretty nicely, with content with Boeing, with Airbus, with the F-35 ramp, they're on (49:22) the 53K with Sikorsky. They've got some good programs there. So when I look at all of the pieces and how they are moving around and what's growing, the aero business does have lower margin, so when that grows faster than the others, it does depress the overall margin rate a little bit. But I do see that there is some softening in the margins for night vision comms, and I do see some softening in the Electronic Systems business as they transitioned from what were production programs to some more development programs, and that's sort of a natural transition. So, they were down. I think we're at about 12.5% pro forma last year, if I remember right, and we're guiding to be slightly less than that in fiscal 2016.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay, thanks very much.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: You bet.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Operator, I think we have one more person in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: I just wondered if you guys had a funded backlog at year-end for Exelis. And then, Bill, Exelis has had some top-line headwinds for a long time. And the question of when the trough would come is, I guess, still out there. Do you have a sense for when all these programs trough for Exelis?
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Well, maybe – somebody is grabbing the funded backlog, I think it ended around $2.5 billion, $2.45 billion, $2.5 billion, just under $2.5 billion...
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: Yes, right.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: ... on funded backlog. But look, I think there's a lot of programs here, Pete, on – in Exelis, there's a lot of moving parts. I think we've tried to take a look across all of them and make our best assessment to where the revenue is on, if you will, a pro forma Exelis business into fiscal 2016, and again, we see that down about 5% or 6%. I provided a little bit of color by each of the segments. And I don't think I will go out any further than 2016 as I wouldn't do for the core business either for Harris, but that's basically where we stand on the revenue outlook for Exelis. I think – do you have the backlog here, Mick, handy?
Miguel A. Lopez - Harris Corp.: I have the year-to-year total backlog was down 15%, the funded was down 17%. The orders were weak in the quarter and, of course, it's hard to gauge how much of that weakness is due to the disruption.
Peter John Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
William M. Brown - Harris Corp.: Okay.
Pamela A. Padgett - Harris Corp.: All right. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us and let me know how I can help. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP, IR Bill Brown - Chairman and CEO Mick Lopez - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Pete Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Josh Sullivan - Sterne Agee Chris Quilty - Raymond James
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call maybe recorded. And now I would like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am you may begin.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings. I'm Pamela Padgett and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO and Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, Management may make forward-looking statements. Including regarding the acquisition we announced today. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, our press releases and on this teleconference and the related presentations, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures in respect of our third quarter fiscal 2015 financial results is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of the call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that Bill, I will turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Okay, well, thank you Pam and good morning. Our third quarter results were in line with our preliminary release issued April 21, which opened our debt financing window for the Exelis acquisition. We've very successful bond offering and we're making progress towards an expected June closing and we'll discuss this further later in the call. So before turning to Slides three and four of the presentation, I'll point out that we're now reporting on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis to call our acquisition related cost separately. In my comments today, it will around non-GAAP performance which excludes acquisition cost. Third quarter earnings per share was $1.32 and benefitted from a lower than expected tax rate that added $0.07 per share. Earnings per share also reflected good operating performance benefitting from lower cost, excellent execution and a favorable product mix in RF Communications and government communication systems. Operating margin was 100 basis points higher than in the prior year even with higher R&D investment, which was up 8% in the quarter with some of the increase due to timing between the third and fourth quarters. Year-to-date, R&D investment is 5.6% of total revenue with a significant portion being spent in the Tactical Radio business where we're aggressively developing product offerings for upcoming army and SOCOM modernization procurements. Revenue for the company was $1.19 billion, down 6% with Tactical revenue growth more than offset by further weakness in public safety and a significant decline in integrated network solution, primarily from the wind down of two major programs in IT services. As anticipated, revenue also declined in government communication systems, largely due to a tough prior year compare related to revenue from commercially hosted satellite payloads. Orders in the quarter were $1.2 billion, up 9% over the prior year and up 9% sequentially. Both RF Communications and government communication orders were up sequentially. Tactical Communications revenue was up 6% on continued international strength and some improvement in the U.S. market. Procurement activity picked up in March and April as GFY15 procurement dollars were allocated to our DoD customers including SOCOM where we received orders totaling $27 million to continue expanding their Wideband networking capability. And momentum continues to build for U.S. Tactical modernization. Just last week, Harris was awarded a 10-year $3.9 billion IDIQ contract for the rifleman radio with an $800,000 initial order for qualification and test units. The army expects to begin fielding rifleman before the end of GFY17. The army also recently kicked off their long awaited procurement for the Manpack. A draft RFP was released in April and was quickly followed up by an industry day as well as the first quarterly tactical networking form, which had intended to provide the industry with greater insight into the army’s upcoming procurement requirements. The final RFP is anticipated before the end of September with an awarded 2Q GFY16 and full rate production slated to begin in 4Q GFY17. Preliminary information from the army indicates a 10-year multi-award IDIQ contract with the ceiling value between $12 billion and $12.7 billion. And at SOCOM, last quarter we submitted our bid on a $390 million handheld portion of SOCOM’s modernization program with an award anticipated in September and just a few days ago, SOCOM issued an RFI for their Manpack, which we currently expect will be awarded in the Spring of 2016. The total SOCOM modernization procurement, which will eventually include a high-frequency radio, could reach $900 million. Now winning rifleman radio on top of the mid-Tier MNVR radio a few years back and now having major procurement underway for both the army Manpack and SOCOM is the culmination of a multi-year, multi-pronged effort for Harris. Over the last several years we worked hard to ensure army procurements are open to commercial competition and then more recently pushed for multi-vendor versus a single vendor award to ensure a level playing field with the program of record. We invested more in IRAD when the rest of the industry was investing less raising R&D spend by more than 20% through the downturn and today we sealed with one of the best lineups of Tactical products and technologies than we’ve ever had. And with modernization procurements now underway and larger than anticipated, Harris is well positioned to capture a significant multi-billion dollar opportunity. We also see continued strength in the international Tactical market where our business is now twice the size of our U.S. Tactical business. Recent orders include $25 million and $60 million from two NATO countries, highlighting our broad installed base around the world allowed us to be more competitive in supplying radios to allied countries where inoperability is a critical element for collation actions. We also received orders of $22 million and $47 million from two countries in the Middle East and from a country in Africa, we received $15 million in the quarter plus $74 million following the close of the quarter through the next phase of modernization bringing orders to-date to $486 million. The international market is healthy and our opportunity pipeline remains solid at $2.5 billion and continues to replenish quickly. In Government Communication Systems, we continue to build on our strong position with the FAA and received our third major next gen award and in the year $238 million single award IDIQ for the Common Support Service Weather Program to design and implement a system to provide real-time weather information across the National Airspace System. Also from the FAA we booked $146 million in follow-on orders under our long standing FTI program only provide the ultra reliable network backbone of the U.S. air traffic control system connecting 4500 different sites across the country. Our DoD business within GCS continues to ramp with F35 and our strong intelligent franchise provides a platform for future growth. New classified contract wins in the quarter totaled $133 million including a three year $23 million contract from a new customer for space, situation awareness and support of air force mission. And also in the Intelligence area, Harris was awarded a five-year $300 million single vendor IDIQ contract to integrate various intelligence systems. Now I’ll turn over to Mick to comment on segment results and guidance before providing an update on the pending Exelis acquisition. Mick?
Mick Lopez: Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Moving to segment results on Slide 5, RF Communications orders were $395 million, $393 million compared to $405 million in the prior year and revenue was $451 million compared to $457 million last year. Tactical Communications revenue was $356 million, an increase of 6%. All orders were $286 million and about flat from prior year of $285 million. In public safety, market softness and intense competitive pressures continued. Orders were $107 million, compared to $120 million in the prior year and revenue was $95 million compared to $122 million last year. Operating income for RF Communications was $151 million and operating margin was a strong 33.5% as a result of favorable mix primarily in international and from lower cost. Turning to Government Communications Systems on Slide 6, third quarter revenue was $455 million, down 5% compared to $477 million in the prior year. Higher revenue from the U.S. Navy’s Commercial Broadband Satellite Program and the NGAs Foundation GEOINT Content Management Program was more than offset by lower revenue from space customers and from NOAA’s those are weather program that’s transitioned to an integration and test space. Segment operating income was $75 million and operating margin was 16.4% reflecting strong program performance and favorable product mix. Turning to Integrated Network Solutions on Slide 7, third quarter revenue was $299 million, compared to $348 million in the prior year with the decline primarily due to the roll off of two large programs in IT services. Operating income was $12 million compared to $21 million last year primarily due to the wind down of the highly profitable and MCI contract. During the quarter, IT services was awarded a 10-year $450 million single award IDIQ from the Defense Information Systems Agency to provide systems engineering and program management services the crisis management system for CMS, a secured video and voice communications network for senior US government officials. This award extends our 30-year relationship supplying this critical component of our national security infrastructure. Also in IT services, we were awarded a position on the $960 million multi-award IDIQ contract for network-centric solutions to application services. In CapRock we strengthened our relationships with two longstanding energy customers. In the quarter we received a $35 million order from a major offshore oil and gas pillar for four-year extension of services across their fleet and two orders totaling $21 million from a leading energy services company extending services across United States and International locations. Turning to Slide 8, the company generated free cash flow of $150 million up from the prior year's $120 million as a result of lower CapEx with the completion of GCSS new engineering facility. Our non-GAAP tax rate was 29.9% in the quarter lower than previously expected due to favorable 2014 tax settlement. As announced on April 21, the increased fiscal 2015 guidance for non-GAAP income from continuing operations per diluted share from a range of $4.95 to $5.05 to a range of $5 to $5.10 and updated revenue guidance from a decline in a range of 1% to 3% to an expected decline of about 4%. Fiscal 2015 non-GAAP guidance does not include any impact from pending acquisition of Exelis. GAAP results will include potential post closing revenue and income from Exelis, increased share count from the transaction and acquisition-related cost that are expected to be in the range of $270 million to $290 million including a $125 million in estimated may whole cost associated with the refinancing of Harris debt. In RF Communications, to reflect further weakness in public safety we now anticipate revenue to be down 3% to 4% and expect to be at the higher end of our previous operating margin guidance of 30% to 31%. In Government Communication Systems, revenue guidance is unchanged that's up 2% to 4% of operating margin slightly higher in the range of 15.5% to 16%. In integrated network solutions, revenues now expected to be down 14% to 15% to reflect no improvement in the slow procurement environment for IT services and an incrementally softer outlook at CapRock due to impact of lower oil prices on the energy market and to a lesser extent in healthcare due to a slower revenue ramp. We now expect fiscal '15 operating margin of about 6%. Expectations for free cash flow aren’t changed at about 100% of non-GAAP net income. The tax rate is now expected to be 30%, which adds $0.05 per earnings per share for the full year. Back to you Bill.
Bill Brown: Okay. Thank you, Mick. When we began fiscal 2015, we anticipated that the constrained budget environment and slow procurement would create some revenue challenges. In Government Communication Systems where we're on a path to revenue growth for the fiscal year, our strategy of expanding already strong franchise helped overcome government budget constraints. In RF Communications, strength in international tactical markets has continued and we have a healthy set of opportunities and while it's premature to call a bottom to the U.S. tactical market, we’re seeing the back half improvement we expected and the momentum building on the large DOD monetization procurements is encouraging. In both Government Communication Systems and RF Communications bottom line performance is excellent. So while we see positive indicators in our two largest businesses, our revenue challenge in the fiscal '15 have been greater than anticipated in public safety, in an integrated network solutions. In public safety the market is soft and competition is aggressive. We’re focused on recovery and making measurable improvements in quality and execution and we continue to build our Leadership Team and invest in new products. This quarter, we introduced our new XG15 portable radio, which extends our full suite of product offerings and provides public service workers with P25 capability at a competitive price. We’ll continue to focus on execution and delivering innovative products for our customers, which we believe ultimately bear fruit as the market improves. In CapRock while orders were up 24% with energy orders up 27% in the quarter, we now expect first half revenue growth to turn into a revenue decline in the back half. Our customers are reacting to the persistently low oil prices and taking actions today that even they didn't contemplate just a few months ago. We’re responding by not only working to lower cost, but to also provide technology that will improve the competitiveness and stickiness of our managed communications offering. In 3Q, we launched what we call CapRock One a multiband antenna and software that transparently switches between C, KU and KA bands to provide the most optimal and cost effective transport medium and is getting great response in the marketplace. The acquisition Exelis builds on the stronger parts of Harris is an exciting, transformative new chapter for the company. We've now secured debt financing for the acquisition and at very favorable terms, which we've outlined on Slide 10. A $1.3 billion variable rate term loan is in place, which provides us a path for quickly deleveraging post acquisition and we recently issued $2.4 billion in bonds, a portion of which will fund our redemption of $750 million in existing higher coupon Harris notes to take advantage of low interest rates and to extend maturity. The $2.4 billion in new bonds are at a weighted average coupon of about 3.7%. As anticipated, we significantly reduced our weighted average cost of debt including the variable rate terms loans to about 3.5%, 240 basis points below our previously weighted average cost of 5.9% and with two years longer time to maturity. We now expect year one net interest expense of $180 million, to $190 million and our balance sheet will retain ample liquidity with about $300 million of remaining cash on hand at an existing revolver of $1 billion. While we received a second request from the Department of Justice, we don’t expect any trust clearance to require the divestiture of any business or asset. The request for additional information is related to intellectual property needed to update the inscription in Singar’s radios to meet an NSA 2024 requirement for secret communication. The army is considering whether to upgrade the encryption capabilities of these older radios and much of the information requested is intended to help determine if the army has all the intellectual property it would need to enable other companies to compete for that encryption modification work. We anticipate resolving these concerns promptly. The Exelis shareholder vote has been set for May 22 and we continue to expect the transaction to close in June. Integration planning is well underway with a full time, highly experienced team led by Sheldon Fox, Group President of Government Communications Systems. Sheldon is a 31-year veteran of the Government market with deep experience in key areas where Exelis and Harris have complementary businesses such as in space and intelligence, advanced weather systems and air-traffic management and of course I am personally deeply involved and will spend a significant amount of my time over the next several years to ensure we capture the full value of this acquisition. Since announcing the acquisition the additional work we've done has only given us more confidence in delivering the previously estimated savings of $100 million to $120 million, which you'll remember is net of what flows back through to our government customers. We're working hard to accelerate synergy capture and be at a running start on day on following the close. And with that, I would like to ask the operator to open the lines for question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carter Copeland of Barclays. You may begin.
Carter Copeland: Hey good morning, guys.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of quick ones, first on the CapRock decline I know last quarter you had sort of outlined that you were protecting for weakness in that market, but not really knowing how to size it just yet, but obviously we're a quarter on now. What sort of declines are you expecting now at this point and do you think you'll hit a sort of run rate decline by the end of the year that levels off and how should we think about how much of that is price versus volume and is there any EBIT related impact from unsold bandwidth you can't sell on some of the current contracts right now. How should we think about the weakness there?
Bill Brown: Let me sort of describe what's happening at CapRock and then come back to your question about the bandwidth unsold piece of bandwidth. I think we had a really good start to the year frankly in the CapRock business. Revenue in the first half was up driven in the 3% or 4% range double-digit low double-digits on the commercial side. Somewhat weak on the Government side, but overall 3%, 4% in the first half. And we’re pretty pleased with what's happening in the Maritime space and frankly in the energy side the orders in the last two quarters were quite good and surprisingly good, up about 25% in Q2 and again a little bit better than in Q3. We do see revenue deteriorating sequentially and year-over-year in the third quarter and we expect that to continue Carter into the fourth quarter as well. It will be down probably double digits in the fourth quarter on the energy side. We do see CapRock as a whole being flat to down for the year and down in the back half. With oil that’s now sitting in the $50 to $60 per barrel range, I think customers today continue to react quite aggressive to what’s happening in the global oil market to try and anticipate where pricing is going to be. They're taking very, very aggressive actions and like I said in my remarks somewhat unpredictable where we were and what they were going to do back in early part of February. They were doing a lot of restricting. Capital spending is coming down. They're parking and may be scarping some rigs. They're lying the awards and acceptance of new rigs and that’s certainly having a pretty big impact on our business. When we look at what’s happening in this downturn versus last several downturns in this global oil market we see rig count down about 30% by the end of March. I would say we’ll be on half way through the downturns so we do expect further erosion. We do expect it's going to carry in '16 and be a tough '16 for us. We think the road here is going to be slow in terms stabilization and the long recovery, but I would say for CapRock as a whole, recall we've talked about size of energy business at about $400 million. So it's about 8% of total Harris as we speak today even smaller when we combine it with Exelis. So it's not a big part of the company, but we do expect further pressure in the fourth quarter in the next year on, on the energy side and that’s going to drag down CapRock. Now in terms of the bandwidth, fortunately we do see quite aggressive growth in the Maritime space typically in the cruise industry and that's offsetting some of the pressure that we’re seeing in the energy space and some of the bandwidth that procure for the energy side.
Carter Copeland: So you think this will be -- you find the bottom both revenue and margin terms there in fiscal '16.
Bill Brown: We're not going to call '16 yet, but we do see '16 being softer than we’re seeing right in '15 Carter.
Carter Copeland: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up just to switch gears quickly on the Exelis synergies you briefly mentioned, you talked about accelerating the synergy capture there on the $100 million to $120 million. Now that you had couple extra months to go through this, do you think there is upside to that number over time or any color in the work you’ve done in identifying and kind of sizing those opportunities?
Bill Brown: No Carter, no more color today. We still feel very comfortable at that $100 million to $120 million by year three net of what’s going to be flowed back to our government customers. We’re working hard at it and we’re doing a lot of pre-closed planning independently on our own with some outside advisors at key root type approach. We do expect to be running that at closing and we want to pull forward as much as we can. But no more color today working right now and it’s getting to a close.
Carter Copeland: Great. Thanks a lot, Bill.
Bill Brown: You bet, Carter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Noah Poponak: Hi good morning everyone.
Bill Brown: Hey good morning.
Pamela Padgett: Good morning.
Noah Poponak: Bill, can you just go back to that detail you’re providing on the second DoJ request and it sounds like they’re thinking about a technology upgrade and checking if they have a certain amount of IP. I guess what would happen if they did want to do that and they didn’t have enough IP like can you maybe just give us a little bit more detail on how concerning those two or not?
Bill Brown: I can’t really give a lot more detail on this call. There has been as you would expect, there is active conversations going on with the DoJ. And this could go in a variety of different ways, I think couple of things, I would say and not to just reiterate what I said in my prepared remarks. But I think the good news is that it is narrowly contained in the Tactical Radios side, it specifically relates to IP and ownership rights for IP. It does not and we don’t believe it will require any divestiture of businesses or assets. So we think we can get our arms around the concern this issue relatively quickly and we’re working and providing the DoJ the necessary information that they require to work through and resolve this question that they happen to have. We’ll have more to say over the coming weeks as we take this issue forward to DoJ. But nothing I can’t really speculate on what the outcome or solution maybe on this call.
Noah Poponak: So they just require you to give IP to the army could it be that simple?
Bill Brown: There could be a variety of responses, we certainly that could be one, but there is I won’t even speculate as to where they want to go in terms of addressing their particular question given that it’s a very active conversation that’s happening today with the DoJ. I think I could provide anymore color to that, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Okay. In the legacy business with when we look at before you’re layering in some of the new business you’re winning in the domestic Tactical Radios market with DOD, how do we think about how much of what you have today, you’ll still have two, three, four years down the road when you’re also layering in all of those new business versus how much of what you have today is replaced by that new business?
Bill Brown: No they’re certainly going to be some replacement of current business, but I think it’s on the margin frankly it is going to happen over a long period of time, Noah. Please keep in mind that all the radios that are today in DOD inventory, it’s less than 10% maybe 5%, 6% that are Y-band capable. So I think it’s a long-term path to replace all of those Narrowband radios with Wideband radios and I think that’s going to happen over multiple years not multiple quarters.
Noah Poponak: Got it. And then anything you can tell us about rifleman I guess terms of trade in your bid and how we can think about margins on new business revenue compared to the current margins at Harris?
Bill Brown: Even though I really like the position that we’re in today it’s something that didn’t happened over night, it happened over multiple years in both ensuring competition was -- it was open to competition, we can compete for those procurement dollars that we invested in radio that met the requirement was in some ways more advanced than we’re program of record was the time in which it caused some change in the competitive landscape for the rifleman radio. We are bidding on commercial terms, it’s a competitive procurement, it looks much the same as what happened on the social program number of years back, where it was IDIQ shoot-out between us and Tallis on task orders. It was completely commercial. Initial awards for rifleman for going to be LPTA Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable and over time there will be some best value type opportunities for us. What’s interesting is that the ceiling value is quite high at about $3.9 billion and in the rifleman the RFP it was both the single channel rifleman but also they say two channel handheld over time and how that gets clicked and when that’s being brought in is still all to be determined. So I like our position, I like our scale, I like the advantage our technology brings. I like the fact that our commercial model allows us continue to invest to advance our technology and compete with whatever we have and our margins today on the handheld look great and it’s even after competing with players around the world on this switch program. So I can’t like what we have in the outlook for our business both top line and bottom line.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton. You may begin.
Pete Skibitski: Good morning guys. Nice quarter.
Bill Brown: Thanks Pete.
Pete Skibitski: Hey Bill you sort of anticipated my question on U.S. DOD radio volume and whether or not, we were kind of at trough in fiscal 2015. The volumes have come down quite a bit, you won rifleman, you mentioned MNVR, what else are you kind of looking for to kind of seem at the trough. I mentioned SOCOM win, if you could get that would help quite a bit but are you worrying about the CR next year, what else is kind of going into your thinking?
Bill Brown: Well we feel really good about we’re happy frankly in just the fact that the rifleman IDIQ was awarded last week and I don’t think you’ve ever heard me saying sooner than we expected, when I talk about government contracting and it was sooner than we expected by a number of months and that’s because of the changes that happened in the industrial base for the rifleman radio I believe. And it came in a lot higher than we thought in and it’s encouraging to see Manpack moving forward, it’s encouraging to see the SOCOM monetization moving forward in an RFI out last week for the Manpack part of SOCOM. So we starting to see some movement here and as I said in my remarks it is up to call to bottom and we’re seeing both sequentially and year-over-year improvement in the second half and we expected that would have happened at the beginning of the year. If you look at the budgets, there is still lot going on in the see the outlook I think it looks good for us. It’s improving a little bit, we’re looking what’s happening coming out of the house from services. We see what the mark up is that with last week I guess, was it really last week. We showed the base at the BCI cap but a substantial amount of OCO funding in total at $585 billion in line with the President happens to be in did it follows the way we have seen past years in terms of how that budget flows down to Tactical Radio line items. I think if it follows that, it will follow where the President happens to be and if President put in a budget for showed good funding, good funding growth on the MNVR product, good funding growth on HMS and good funding increases in the other services and I think that’s quite encouraging. For the HMS, which is the rifleman in the Manpack there is a lot of unspent fund still available and if you look at the ramp, it ramps relatively quickly over the next two to three years to close $0.5 billion a year against in the President’s budget. You know couple of years, which I think is quite encouraging, so you put the fact that the Army is moving forward with the budget. Next to the fact that the funding appears to be ramping pretty nicely over the next three or four years, you put those two pieces together and then I think the outlook for business at DOD is pretty positive.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. It’s very, very helpful. Thank you. And I want to ask another question about the transaction, do you guys still fully not paying off roughly half you incurred over five years, is that still the plan?
Bill Brown: Our plan is to go from 2.9 to 1.5 times net leverage over the first three years which would require us to pay make $2 billion a day roughly plus or minus in the first three years.
Pete Skibitski: Okay. Got it. And then on the acquisition related cost roughly $280 million, so you -- are those all cash first of all and will get about $125 million of that in the fourth quarter on the refinancing cost?
Mick Lopez: Yes most of those are cash, $125 million that we stated for the make off or the $715 million of refinancing, there is approximately another $75 million which is going to be acquisition related with Exelis severance fees, lease cancellations, restructuring sort. The remainder is basically fuel cost and financing for the bridge and some negative -- so most of it is cash.
Bill Brown: And I would also just say that again presumes at June close, we expect the June close but that will presume June closing.
Pete Skibitski: Okay great. Thank you very much guys.
Bill Brown: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company. You may begin.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Brown: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Bill, could you comment on what effect if any the strengthening dollar and softer oil prices have on your foreign pipeline at RF?
Bill Brown: On the price of oil, I think it’s a bit hard to say, we haven’t seen any significant impact at the moment, we do know that more than half of our international pipeline is in the Middle East, Northern Africa region. What’s interesting is that even though there is the price of oil has come down quite precipitously over the last six to nine months, that piece of our pipeline on a percentage basis and the dollar basis is where it was six to nine months ago even after booking a number of large orders including one that came out just a couple of weeks ago in Africa at $74 million. So we feel, we feel pretty good about that, we do know that we have a large opportunity coming over the next several years in Iraq. We do know that the country doesn’t have a lot of foreign currency reserves, oil is going to be a bigger impact on Iraq but likely fortunately it’s sort of underpinned by U.S. funding both in the fiscal 2015 budget as well as in the fiscal 2016 proposed OCO there is funding for the Iraq treated equipped funding. So that does backstop as a little bit for any oil related concerns in Iraq. So overall not a concern today, it doesn’t mean that won’t come in front of us over the next number of quarters. On FX, I think you know we do business around the world in U.S. dollars and we compete against in some markets, Euro based competitors, so over time that could have some marginal effect if we don’t adjust price and if the Euro doesn’t improve, we’re seeing -- next couple of weeks the Euro getting a little bit better. But today no big effect but again if the dollar strengthens considerably from where we are today, there could be some effect or we have to react with pricing.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just two others, given the book-to-bill as taxable assets under one again, I just wonder, can you give us a sense for what you anticipate over the next couple of quarters? You mentioned the improved procurement environment since the quarter, what should we expect book-to-bill to trend out in the next couple of quarters?
Bill Brown: So year-to-date book-to-bill was about 0.87, so I think given the current U.S. government environment and some of the pretty healthy shipments we’ve made internationally I think it’s a pretty good result at 0.87 and in order to get our numbers for the year and our guidance for the year book-to-bill for the year needs to come in pretty close to one. So we do know that there is some big opportunities that are coming on our way in Q4 and good again went out that we received a pretty good size award on the international side $74 million just a week or two ago. And that’s I think a good positive sign. From I am not sure going to fiscal 2016 but certainly as we look out for the balance of the year which I mean couple of months away to the end of our fiscal year, we’re down year-to-date about 1% on Tactical revenues obviously to be up low single digits on the year, call it a couple percent. We do see some good growth in the fourth quarter. That’s going to come with some good orders that we do expect and international side has been trending pretty well, it’s up high single digits. We expect it to be up high single digits for the year, which means Q4 is going to be about that same level of performance. On the DOD side, it has been softer, on the year-to-date basis we are down sort of in that 20% range, we’re guiding to be in our guidance that we expressed little bit while ago on where RF as a whole is embedded in that is DOD down 10% to 12% and probably on the better side of that maybe down about 10%. That requires Q4 to be quite good, we typically see got Q4 being stronger sequentially from Q3 and we saw that last year, our Q4 revenues about double where we were in Q3 last year. We did see some positive movement in DOD in Q3 and it was reassuring to be -- to see positive growth after a number of quarters in a row being down year-over-year on DOD and also glad to see that the pipeline for DOD is getting a little bit better than we were three months ago. Last time, we spoke it was about $900 million or so in size today it’s about $970 million, you know there is more that is weighted towards proposal closure finalization. So the nearer term pipeline is looking a little bit better and that gives us a bit of more comfort. At Q4 we will be better year-over-year and better sequentially in Q3 and we’re accounting on that to hit the guidance and to again come back to a full year of close to a one on book-to-bill. I won’t speculate at the moment going into fiscal 2016, I have more to say about that once we close Exelis and report our earnings in late July.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. One last one on the eligible environment we’re seeing on the jitters programs, can you comment on what you anticipate, I mean how is this is going to drive margins as these programs mature, I presume much likely in the -- contracts you will see substantial price reductions over time. And I’m just curious, I think Noah asked the question of cannibalization earlier. I would like to maybe if you could just more broadly address it not just in terms of the new programs replace the single-channel 117G sales that you win Manpack for example but also just broadly on pricing. Are we going to see a big priced out on the business that is going to take our view on RF Tactical margins much lower than where they are today?
Bill Brown: Gautam it’s this has been over a number of years a very price competitive marketplace and frankly over the last three years since I’ve been here, the nature of competition, the mix of DOD and international even with international by country is shifting around. We’re increasing our systems business and yet still through all of that, we’re sitting here with north of 30% margins in that segment. And even we’ve been spending a lot more on R&D and some shifts happening in public safety. So overall we’re finding a way to take cost out, preserve pricing and still preserve our position in margins north of 30%. So we’re doing I think a very good job of managing our cost structure and prudently managing our investment pattern to maintain very strong margin in that segment. I do think that over time we will become more price competitive, it is price competitive. The nature of who we compete against may shift a little bit, but the scale advantage we have in our RF facility in Rochester, the ability to drive technology differentiation in our product over time are going to be the deciding factors over time in this business to be able to preserve margins north of 30% for the RF Com segment. So I’m not -- we’re not putting our head in the sand saying that there aren’t dynamics happening here but I am confident in the team’s ability to continue to find opportunities to both take cost out as well as invest in differentiation to maintain pricing environment that allows whole margins pretty strong in that segment.
Gautam Khanna: All right. Thank you.
Bill Brown: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Sullivan of Sterne Agee. You may begin.
Josh Sullivan: Good morning.
Bill Brown: Hey good morning.
Josh Sullivan: One of your targets with the Exelis transaction is what to achieve a $1 billion in free cash flow by year four, can you just walk us through the cadence from year one to year four and maybe what are some of the gauging factors just given today’s results?
Bill Brown: Well it starts with it’s a very, very high level. It starts with what we believe our own ability to generate free cashes on the standalone basis, this year if we look at our guidance 100% of the net income is center point of our 5 to 510 earnings per share. Our free cash will be not dramatically is in at $530 million. Where Exelis has been guiding for Counter 15 is in the $250 million to $275 million range is what they’ve guided towards. See you just put those two numbers together it is million on a pro forma basis just putting two companies together. You didn’t had on top of that next synergies again we’re expecting $120 million net by year three, you roll that in on an after tax basis and then adding working capital improvements, capital efficiency perhaps the modest adjustments over time in the cash, pension cost and you start to approach a $1 billion by year four. And that’s what we expect and that’s what we communicated back in early February.
Josh Sullivan: Okay, great. And then in the public safety business is the pressure more on market demand or increased competition and then is that competition coming from existing or new entrants?
Bill Brown: Well there is a lot of shift happening in that public safety space. There is some consolidation. There are some shifts happening in technology and we've a very large competitor who is very focused, very aggressive in a market that’s flat to down a little bit. So those are the dynamics that are happening in this particular market space we compete in the North American LMR market that’s where we were at. A big competitor as more of a global perspective in terms of their footprint around the world. The market is soft. It is very competitive. I think that we've had internally within Harris some execution challenges, which we're quickly working to solve. They're going to solve themselves over the course of a number of months or quarters. It's going to take some time. We're really focused on this and we're seeing execution slowly improving. We do see quality improving. We do see customer satisfaction coming back up. We’re making progress in developing and expanding our product offering. Our team, our Leadership Team is getting better. So overall, I see us improving and you'll start to see the benefits of those investments and performance showing through in the markets starts to go back. Longer term, we will see some growth in this marketplace. More than half of the market is analog that we will go digital. We do know over the longer period of time, the market will shift to LTE. It's good to see that FirstNet with the spectrum of options has been well funded. It's well more than $7 billion raise in spectrum auction. I know it's going to happen over time. It's not going to be in the next two to three years but beyond that there is going to be an impact on Harris Corporation. And I think it we will be prepared and well positioned to compete as the market shift to LTE. So those are the dynamics that are really happening in the North American space that we’re face within and we’ll start to see some improvements over time.
Josh Sullivan: Okay. And then just one last one. Within IT services, are there any other large holes in the tent such as the NMCI contract over the next 12 months that we should just keep an eye on?
Bill Brown: Well NMCI was a pretty long and toll pool within and it was the vast majority of the profit in our IT space and as you know, we were either going to compete and win it at very low margins or it was going to go away and unfortunately it went away. We have no more revenue or profit coming in IT services from NMCI, but we do still see the year-over-year impact and as we look over the next couple of quarters or year, there is no single big IT service profit generator that looks anything like NMCI.
Josh Sullivan: Okay, thank you.
Bill Brown: You bet.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, I think we have one more person in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Quilty of Raymond James. You may begin.
Chris Quilty: Thanks Bill. I think you guys ramped up the draft RFP for Manpack type program late last month. Were there any surprises puts or takes on that process in terms of specifications or requirements?
Bill Brown: No I think what the Army is doing I think is prudently drafting objective and threshold requirement that allows a vibrant competition to occur on the objective requirements. And incentives over time to invest a company’s own dollars to improve their offering to hit threshold requirements over time, like lower weight. They are particularly interested in -- there is a number of dimensions, it's heat, it's range, a lot of things, but weight is a very, very important factor. The objective requirement if I remember right was that 14.6 pounds, but clearly they wanted to be a lot less than that and this has been something we were laser focused on and have been working on for a couple of years and we do see opportunities to take weight down pretty substantially over the near term and go below the objective requirements and actually perhaps even get better than some of the threshold requirements for weight. So no big surprise, one of the I guess may be a surprise was on the size of the ceiling value on the IDIQ at $12 billion to $12.7 billion. Its way above that what were thinking and of course it includes services and spares and sustaining cost a bunch of other things that's well beyond I think the opportunity set in front of Harris, but still at that, more than $12 billion is a quite an impressive topline ceiling value number for the Manpack, Chris.
Chris Quilty: Got you and just to quantify with the rifleman program that was originated as a Army program when you look at the value of that contract is that expand beyond the Army in terms of other services? And I guess the same for the Manpack because right now you’ve got customers at SOCOM Navy, Air force buying Manpack and I believe those are funded separately.
Bill Brown: Yes, in fact we, interestingly the Manpack, the multichannel Manpack that was developed to compete for Army procurements is being slowed outside of the Army within DOD first and we'll sell the Manpack within the Army if the provider we win a position on the IDIQ over the next several years. So we're already selling the CMP outside of the army. On the rifleman, it's starting off as a single channel radio, but interestingly SOCOM is a two channel radio and I would expect that as the Army introduce a potential two channel into the rifleman competition, that whatever is being sold into SOCOM could eventually work its way to regular army over time and I see more of that shift happening as opposed to from Army out at least from the way I would see today.
Chris Quilty: And so to clarify are those changes or increments would be inclusive of the $3.3 billion to $3.9 billion contract as it stands today?
Bill Brown: My understanding is as the trailing value of $3.9 billion on the rifleman, it would include a transition to a two channel over time, but again what the acquisition objective is going to be restated to be, what’s the mix of a single channel two channel is still to be determined and we will know more about that as the Army really starts to rethink the way they want the network to be given a lot of technology changes. I think the same thing is probably going to happen on the Manpack. I guess when I step back and I look at the size of where the rifleman is there almost $4 billion and the size of Manpack is north of $12 so $16 billion or $17 billion with a ceiling value between these two contracts, its far above, I think the opportunity set of over ten years for Harris. Another way to look at this is just looking at what’s in the President's budget four, five years out at close to $0.5 billion per year for HMS, which is rifleman and Manpack if you just pick that over 10-year basis, $5 billion in terms of opportunity set that sort of in line with what we had thought before about the opportunity for Harris in terms of HMS for both Manpack and rifleman. That's sort of speculation on my part but that’s the way I would like at sizing the overall opportunity for the company.
Chris Quilty: Okay. And you haven’t mentioned it in a while, but you’ve also seem to made some good progress with regard to some of the airborne programs that are all getting reorganized?
Bill Brown: Yeah, well we have a fantastic offering in the STT, the Small Tactical Terminal with ViaSat, which has Link 16 and UHF/VHF capabilities and the team at GCS is doing a very good job in selling that product. The army is evaluating whether they move forward with what they're calling assault in the small airborne Link 16 terminal competition. I think they spoke to the size sometime this summer, which would have Link 16 with SRW in it and that will have a play in that if the Army goes in that direction and that’s still to be determined. The other one that's on the drawing board is saner which is the small airborne networking radio which is SOW and WNW and that I think the army is still evaluating that. I think I saw in the President's budget I don’t know if it's in the houseroom services markup, but it's small amount like $6 million to push forward that competition on saner. We’ll see when the budgets are actually set if that's happening but if there is a small amount of money that will be an encouragement that the Army is moving forward putting SOW and WNW into a saner product for the airborne side and if that happens I do think that we’re going to be very, very well positioned to compete there. And also quite frankly with Exelis with up to one product that they have, there is an opportunity to actually put some of our own technology into that box if you will and offer greater capability for the airborne Tier as we combine ourselves with Exelis. So I think there is a lot of different ways of looking at how we might be able to extend our strong presence on the ground to the airborne Tier.
Chris Quilty: And to clarify these are again collectively couple $1 billion incremental programs?
Bill Brown: I don’t think that they are going to be billions of dollars. I don’t know the exact number Chris. They're still deciding whether to move forward this competition. So I think the jury is our last I had seen was center was sized at something like $600 million and Salt was sized at something like $200 billion, but it could grow over time depending upon the platform to get put on. So could it be a billion maybe, but again I think we need to wait until we see exactly how the army wants to move forward with those two programs.
Chris Quilty: Billion here, billion there, pretty soon you're talking about real money.
Bill Brown: Yes, in terms of not just there, but also what we've seen on the ground side as well Chris. So yes, there is lots of big opportunities for Harris and again multi billion dollars worth of opportunities over the next 10 years for our company.
Chris Quilty: Great. Thank you.
Bill Brown: You bet Chris.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us. I think that wraps this up for today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-02-06 13:07:04) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP, IR Bill Brown - Chairman and CEO Mick Lopez - SVP and CFO Dave Melcher - CEO and President, Exelis
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Howard Rubel - Jefferies Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Josh Sullivan - Sterne Agee Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference call is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our call today to discuss Harris’ second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings, as well as our intended acquisition of Exelis that we announced earlier this morning. I'm Pamela Padgett and on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Dave Melcher CEO and President of Exelis. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Including regarding the acquisition we announced today. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press releases and on this teleconference and the related presentations, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures in respect of our second fiscal 2015 financial results is included on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, which is www.harris.com. A replay of the call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our Web site. And with that Bill I will turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Okay, very good. Thank you Pam and good morning everyone. I want to start by expressing our deepest condolences on behalf of Harris to the family and friends of Joe Nadol an analyst who has followed Harris for almost a decade, and who tragically passed away earlier this week. So today we are announcing a transformational acquisition of Harris that will create significant and lasting value for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. With the acquisition of Exelis we are increasing our scale, broadening our technology base and expanding our customer set in markets where we had decades of successful performance. So before jumping into the transaction, Mick and I will briefly cover second quarter results and updated Harris guidance and then Dave shall walk you through the acquisition before opening the call for questions. So turning to our second quarter earnings presentation Slides 3 and 4, Harris performed well in the second quarter with earnings per share of $1.32. Operating results were solid reflecting good execution and lower cost. Earnings per share also benefited from lower than expected taxes including the 2014 R&D tax credit. Revenue for the Company was down 1% with growth in Government Communications Systems, International Tactical Radios and Commercial CapRock more than offset by continued weakness in U.S. Tactical Radios and by the previously reported wind down of two major IT services programs. International revenue was up 5% in the quarter and was 31% of total revenue, and the strategy of expanding already strong franchises within the government market is providing revenue strength for the Company. So touching briefly on the segments, Government Communications Systems posted its fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth and generated excellent operating income, demonstrating yet again the strength of its core franchise in Space and Intelligence, Avionics, Air Traffic Management, Geospatial Imagery and Weather. In the area of Avionics the F-35 program was a major revenue driver in the quarter and we also received a $60 million follow-on contract for the LRIP-9. In Air Traffic Management where we've had a longstanding relationship with the FAA and recently expanded it with more than $900 million in awards over the last three years, we were awarded a 10 year $98 million follow-on contract for OASIS II that supports flight services in Alaska by integrating real time weather and flight planning information. Our strong franchise in Space and Intelligence have also been rich with expansion opportunities. Classified programs were a revenue driver in the second quarter and following the close of the quarter, we had two strategic classified wins, a three year $23 million contract from a new customer for space situation awareness and support of air force missions, and a five year $300 million single award IDIQ contract to integrate the governments various intelligence systems. In our Space business, we introduced two new space reflector products, a first-to-market five meter unfurlable Ka-band antenna serving a growing market for high throughput satellites and a new lightweight fixed-mesh reflector where we also won our first order. In RF Communications the International Tactical Radio business continued to show strength with higher revenue, good orders and solid opportunities firming up in our $2.5 billion opportunity pipeline. We signed a $101 million follow-on contract with a country in Africa and expect to begin booking orders against it late in the fiscal year, and we have visibility into several FMS orders in the pipeline that are moving fairly quickly towards award. Australia's tactical modernization continues and in the second quarter we booked a $38 million order for Wideband, Handheld the Manpack radios for the Special Forces bringing orders to-date to $560 million with an additional opportunity of about $90 million on the horizon. This latest award positions Harris very well as the future provider on Y-band radios for a fully networked architecture of the Australian defense force. In Iraq in the second quarter we shipped a significant portion of the $99 million in orders booked in Q1 and additional requirements and opportunities were added to the pipeline. There was $1.6 billion authorized in GFY15, for the Iraq train and equipped fund and another $1.3 billion into President's budget request for 2016 that will support significant opportunities for Harris making Iraq one of the larger components in our near-term tactical pipeline. Also in the quarter, we received a $50 million order from a nation in the Middle East for an integrated country-wide tactical communications system based on its Falcon III Y-band radios. This nation represents a new Special Forces customer for us in the Middle East and the award further strengthens our preferred supplier position in the region. As expected, the U.S. tactical radio market remains constrained but I am encouraged by the recent pickup in procurement activity. The RFP for rifleman radio was finally released and these are due next week, and the final IDIQ contract is now much bigger than we had previously anticipated. $3.9 billion over 10 years with $1.4 billion for the rifleman itself and 2.5 billion for objective requirements like a two channel handheld radio, way forms and vehicle adapters. We submitted a bid for the $390 million next-gen handheld portion of the SOCOM Tactical Communications modernization effort, which will be followed over the coming months with RFPs for Y-band HF and multichannel Manpack radios. We now believe that the total SOCOM modernization opportunity could reach $900 million. Also in the quarter we submitted a bid for an Air Force IDIQ contract to integrate infield battle management capabilities. Before leaving tactical I’ll make a few comments on the President’s budget request. In the tactical lines that support our business we saw some pickup in GFY16 across the marines, navy, air force and SOCOM so at least beginning move in the right direction. For army modernization MNVR funding is higher over the five year period than in the previous year’s budget, reflecting the program’s good progress towards production. For HMS funding was $65 million for GFY16 which for us was a positive surprise given they are still sitting on about $300 million in unspent funds and since the procurement has been pushed out to GFY17. In the out years for HMS the budget matches the procurement schedule with funding picking up in GFY17 to $291 million and rising to $470 million annually in ’18 and out. In public safety revenue was weak in the second quarter and competitive pressures remain intense. Our execution is slowly progressing and will more evident as the market improves. Process improvements in all the key areas are resulting in better program execution, lower cost, a more effective salesforce and positive customer feedback on new product releases. We have made measurable progress but we still have a lot more to do. In Integrated Network Solutions, revenue was about as expected with high single-digit growth in CapRock, more than offset by the wind down of two IT services programs. Commercial CapRock revenue was up 15% driven by our previous Carnival cruise-line win, and we had a particularly quarter in energy despite the market turmoil with revenue up 8% and orders up 23%. In healthcare solutions we continue to receive positive feedback from customers on our Fusion FX software solution and we are making progress in our efforts to find a partner for the business with better domain expertise and channels to market. We also recently decided to eliminate the INS headquarters’ function to reduce indirect expenses at the segment level with Sheldon Fox, President of Government Communications Systems, named as the acting President of INS. This move also better aligns our CapRock business with GCS where we know we have significant technology sharing opportunities that can help us bring more differentiated solution to CapRock customers. Now I will turn it over to Mick to comment on guidance, Mick?
Mick Lopez: Thank you much Bill, and good morning to everyone. We have included our typical segment detail and financial highlights in Slides 5 to 8. But instead of reading them in the interest of time I will go directly to Slide 9 for our updated fiscal 2015 outlook. We are increasing our fiscal ’15 earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.95 to $5.05 per share from previous range of $4.75 to $5 per share. Revenue guidance remains unchanged and is expected to decline 1% to 3%. Our guidance doesn’t consider the acquisition being announced today. In RF communications we have narrowed the guidance range, and expect revenue to be flat to down 2%. Within the segment we expect public safety to be weaker offset by higher international tactical. U.S. tactical expectations are unchanged. A bit stronger back half revenue compared to the first half due to the passing of a GFY15 budget and timing of funds flowing down to customers. In Government Communications Systems we now expect revenue to be up 2% to 4% and operating margin in the range of 15% to 15.5% and that’s a little bit better than before. We expect modest sequential revenue growth in the back half. In Integrated Network Solutions, first half revenue was generally in line with expectations. Strength in Commercial CapRock more than offset by program wind downs and IT services, while IT services are showing signs of bottoming we are no longer expecting any pickup in second half revenue and we are assuming that revenue pressure in the CapRock energy market materializes due to the impact of lower oil prices. As a result we now expect fiscal ’15 revenue to be down about 10% and operating margin up about 7%. We are still expecting free cash flow of about 100% of net income and a full year tax rate between 30.5% to 31% which translates into an average tax rate of about 33.8% in the back half, about half of the decrease in tax rate guidance is due to calendar 2014 R&D tax credit and the remainder from other favorable tax items. With that I'll now turn it over back to Bill to comment on the acquisition.
Bill Brown: Okay, well thank you Mick. And as Pam mentioned earlier I am joined here in the room by Dave Melcher, President and CEO of Exelis, who will offer a couple of comments as well. So let me turn now to the separate acquisition deck and I'll begin on Slide 3. This acquisition brings together two engineering driven companies with similar cultures that value technology and innovation to solve some of our customers' toughest mission-critical challenges. The combined pro forma company has LTM revenue of $8.2 billion and EBITDA of about $1.6 billion. This powerful combination creates an industry innovator with much greater scale providing a broad spectrum of technology-based advanced communications solutions. Let me start by providing a high level overview of Exelis and reviewing the transaction details before diving a bit more into the strategic rationale. So now turning to Slide 4, Exelis has a number of leading positions across diverse markets. Electronic systems which is about 29% of company revenue is a leader in electronic warfare technologies for the air force and navy. The principle strengths are in electronic protection and onboard processing on platforms such as the P8, the B52 the C130, the Apache helicopter and the international F-16. Exelis' flagship product is the Integrated Defensive Electronic Countermeasures or IDECM for the F-18 a multibillion dollar decades long program with about 400 systems delivered to-date. About 21% of the Company is geospatial systems, a leader in space and airborne sensing. Exelis is well known for their world class space imaging business acquired about a decade ago from Codec, the weather sensors as well as your GPS technology. The imaging business has traditionally served the intelligence community but is more recently expanded to include commercial, international and unmanned vehicle payloads. Their products range from a 21 foot wide mirror on the James Webb Telescope, down to small commercial payloads for the World View and GOI satellites. They provide the Gorgon Stare wide area surveillance ponds for defense UAVs and have recently launched Corvus Eye a smaller commercial version targeting the public safety, international markets demonstrating Exelis' skill in translating government technology to the commercial world. Exelis' weather payloads have been on all NOAA weather satellites launched since 1978. The CrIS or the Cross Track Infrared Sounder is a primary instrument on the joint polar satellite system and ABI or the Advanced Baseline Imager is the main mission sensor on GOES-R. ABI has also been selected as the main mission sensor for Japan's Himawari and South Korea's GEO Comsat two-way weather satellite. In GPS Exelis has been on all U.S. GPS navigation systems ever launched and is currently delivering the first payloads for the GPS3 program. Information Systems is about 34% of the Company and provides full life cycle mission critical solutions for customers like NASA, where Exelis manages two of NASA's largest communications contracts and the FAA, where Exelis owns and operates the ADS-B network a core element of the FAAs next-gen program. Night-vision in tactical communications represents about 13% of company revenue. Exelis has been the industry leader in night vision for over 50 years and is one of only two U.S. manufacturers of image intensification tubes. And their tactical communications business has a large installed base of more than 600,000 radios. The remaining 3% of Exelis provides composite aero-structures for commercial and military aircraft. They have 10,000 employees including about 3,000 engineers, $3.25 billion in revenue and funded backlog of about $2.8 billion. So turning to Slide 5 on the transaction details, total purchase price is $4.75 billion at 23.75 per share, 70% in cash, 30% in Harris shares. Bridge financing is in place and we anticipate a combination of term loans and new bonds to both finance the acquisition debt and refinance parts of existing Harris and Exelis debt at what are historically low interest rates. Pro forma net leverage will be about 2.9 times net-debt to adjusted-EBITDA at closing with significant pre-payable debt and the opportunity to rapidly deleverage. This structure provides balance sheet flexibility and preserves our ability to invest for growth while we reduce net leverage to about 1.5 times by year three. Of course this is subject to approval by Exelis shareholders as well as customary regulatory approval and we expect the transaction to close in June of this year. On Slide 6, as you may know, Exelis has a very large pension liability relating to the legacy ITT business with an unfunded liability of $1.9 billion at the end of 2014. Current historically low interest rates should provide a strong positive bias to net under funding overtime. We have done significant due diligence work with specialist outside advisers and with a high-level of government cash reimbursements and the smoothing that is allowed in the recent MAP-21 legislation, pension funding requirements are clear and fully factored into our thinking. On a pro forma basis pension liability as a percent of market cap is well in line with defense peers. Turning to Slide 7, this is a highly strategic and compelling combination that generates significant value for our customers. The complementarity between the two company’s technology and capabilities strengthens our core franchises and provides optionality for portfolio shaping. It also builds a stronger platform for growth and immediately creates significant scale and more balanced earnings for Harris. Cost synergies are meaningful and the timing of the transaction is excellent given the confluence of an improving budget environment, low interest rates and a team with the background and the experience to successfully integrate the two companies. So let me say a few words about each in turn. Now turning to Slide 8, we bring together complimentary technologies and capabilities that strengthen our core franchise in space and intelligence, advanced weather systems, air-traffic management and tactical communications. On a pro forma basis our classified business is about $1 billion in size with significant growth potential. For example by combining Exelis’ world-class electro-optical technology with our market leading RF capability we will be able to offer responsive multi-mission solutions to the intelligence community. In weather, our tighter linkage between Exelis’ on-orbit sensors and Harris’s ground processing capabilities can help customers increase performance, lower cost and improve time to market for new weather systems. By having increased access to unique data sets, we can accelerate apportion to value-added services and predictive analytics. In air-traffic management Exelis is strong in surveillance, while Harris is the leader in communications and the combined company will be the prime contract on four key FAA next-gen programs. And finally our combined tactical communications businesses will drive significant scale efficiencies across our supply chain and our manufacturing assets. But the combination also provides a stronger platform for growth. And on Slide 9 we highlight a few examples, leveraging our complimentary international channels, pairing our world-leading radios Exelis’ night vision offering and putting our avionics onto Exelis’ existing platforms and then finally accelerating growth in value-added services in geospatial, weather and airport operations. So moving to Slide 10, this acquisition creates scale and improves our competitive position in the government market and also results in a more balanced earnings profile for Harris. In Slide 11 our diligence work has been thorough and we are confident we can achieve run rate cost synergies of $100 million to $120 million net of what is returned to customers through cost plus contracts and fixed price contracts that periodically reset. The breakdown of savings is roughly one-third from consolidating headquarters eliminating public company cost, one-third from operational improvements like manufacturing, supply chain and program efficiencies and one-third from functional efficiencies and overheard reductions. The cash payback is under two years. Now turning to Slide 12, transaction value was $4.75 billion a multiple of 9.3 times 2014 EBITDA. We expect GAAP EPS to be slightly accretive in the first year and a significant contributor thereafter with free cash flow approaching $1 billion in year four. And then finally on Slide 13, the timing for such a transformational acquisition is excellent, both internally and externally. Over the last three years since joining the company we've focused on improving fundamentals and shaping our portfolio. And in the face of a constrained government budget and declining revenue environment we aggressively addressed our cost structure by taking restricting actions and establishing a formal companywide operational excellence program. Our Harris business excellence program is now in its third year and it’s embedded in our culture, and the management team stands ready to integrate the two companies to achieve our cost synergy targets. A full time senior level integration team is being assembled from the best of both companies, and includes my direct oversight. The timing is also excellent from an external point of view, the U.S. government spending cycle has bottomed and recent world events only stress the importance of defense and national security spending. The President's DOD base budget for fiscal '16 is up about 8% and even under sequestration is up modestly with steady growth in the out years. Interest rates are at historical lows and we estimate that our pro forma cost of debt will be about 200 basis points below where Harris is today with a weighted average time to maturity of an additional two years. So as we enter an improving macro-environment our combined company becomes a strong platform for top-line growth with our lower cost structure and greater operating leverage driving excellent earnings growth. Now before opening the line for questions I'd like to turn to Dave for his perspective on the transaction. Dave?
Dave Melcher: Thanks Bill and good morning to everyone. We at Exelis are very excited about this unique opportunity to bring these two great and complementary companies together. The combined enterprise is very well positioned to be more competitive in the marketplace and will benefit shareholders, customers and our employees. This transaction provides immediate value to Exelis shareholders as well as long-term upside potential from the equity ownership stake in Harris. We've made a lot of progress since the ITT spin to focus the company and we built a strong leadership team with talented and dedicated employees. I am confident about the long-term prospects of the Exelis businesses and even more optimistic about the future ahead of us in combination with Harris. This is indeed an exciting day for us all. And with that I'll turn it back to Bill.
Bill Brown: Thank you very much Dave. Let's open the call to questions.
Question-and:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland: Just a couple of questions, one Harris specific and then one about the transaction, first off the comment about the CapRock guidance planning on weakness materializing there in the back half of the year because of oil and gas. Can you just help us quantify what kind of decline your, I guess I would say protecting for there? And then just with respect to the transaction maybe for Bill and for Dave. When you look at the customer and channel overlaps and the comments you made about them being complementary. If you could kind of rank order, what some of those are and what you think the best opportunities in various end markets, if they're space or if they are commercial and commercial communications? Any color there I think would be helpful. Thank you.
Bill Brown: On CapRock, in the last call I commented a bit on the impact of oil prices at the time oil price was sitting around $75 a barrel plus or minus and we had not yet seen really anything running into our financials, we ended up having a very strong second quarter as I mentioned with orders very strong and revenue up solidly in energy double-digit. We feel pretty good about that, but with oil sitting today below 50 we're seeing a little more pressure coming in the half, it's coming in more in the form of pricing, we've quite a few long-term contracts in CapRock. But even under long-term contracts we will see, we do expect to see some pricing pressure and that’s going to pressure margins, it’s going to pressure top-line growth as well. So we have accommodated for that in our new earnings guidance for INS, and this is why we sort of sized of being revenue down about 10%. Mick did you want to offer any more on CapRock in the back half?
Mick Lopez: Yes, so what I would like to note is that it’s all relative, we were expecting some growth in the back half and now it’s more stable more than anything so it’s growth typically.
Bill Brown: And on the transaction, I would say a couple of words about this and maybe ask Dave to jump in as well, but. Look as we looked at the mix of the portfolios here there is quite a lot of complementarity in the spaces that I talked it. In space, in traffic management, surely in the weather franchise we both are in the tactical radio business have been there for quite some time, and we do see a lot of opportunities to work together in the international market through the channels that we happen to have as I mentioned about perhaps providing some products through the pretty strong existing Exelis international sales channels. And I am very excited about the opportunities in value-added services taking some of the capabilities and unique data sets that come out of the sensors that we have and packaging them in a way that we can sell to a very large fragmented by growing quickly value-added services market. Frankly here Exelis is out ahead of us. They have got a very sizable business in this area, they have made a few acquisitions in this space, and we have started we have been working on this for a year or two our team down at GCS and I think the combination of what they have done and the capabilities that we bring I am pretty excited about the growth trajectory in value-added services, Dave anything to offer?
Dave Melcher: Yes, no I think we are both very excited about is that if this combination offers a full suite of capabilities across space, airborne, naval, ground and cyber domains, and with a number of leading positions in each of those. I echo Bill’s comment with respect to the international sales, we both have different products that we sell around the world and now we have a much more expansive international network in which to sell those capabilities. And I agree with the integrated end-to-end solutions comment for sensing communications, information process, and analysis and distribution. So, I really like the fact that the leadership positions that we have with organizations like NASA, FAA and our communications customers will only be enhanced by this deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Rubel, Jefferies.
Howard Rubel: If you wouldn’t mind either Bill or Dave kind of talk for a couple of minutes on some of the deal metrics and I have sort of one or two questions and if you could help that would be appreciated. First, you talk about some of the cash investment cost, did you include in that some of the refinancing in there? And then second, if I am thinking about the cost of funds based on sort of where rates are today and I know they can move, we are looking is a 4% kind of range a reasonable number? And then last related to that, while you have some terrific synergies you also have from the GAAP perspective my guess would be some either amortization or some intangibles and some of that’s going to be frankly non-cash so there is some real benefit there that GAAP will mask and it will also create some tax shelters. If you wouldn’t mind sort of providing a little bit of structure to that I would really appreciate it?
Bill Brown: It’s a quite a mouthful Howard, thank you. And I am going to start I think got most of the points but perhaps between Mick and I will hit your points and if we miss one let’s keep going on with that. So in terms of the structure we expect we will close in June. So there are going to be a number of transaction-based costs that will hit in June and will be impacting our fiscal ’15. As we go into fiscal ’16 we do see the transaction to be slightly accretive. We do expect that of course while the Exelis EBIT coming in, in our fiscal ’16 so that’s going to be a positive. We see integration cost which are going to be a little bit more front-end loaded, in fact a lot more front-end loaded, hitting fiscal ’16 and there will be more than the savings we get from integration. We do see in the first full fiscal year some benefit from the pickup of unamortized pension losses that we know exist at Exelis and it's going to be offset by deal amortization which will be substantial and that will be in fiscal '16. So all of those pieces come together and we do see a very slight accretion in our fiscal '16 again hinging on a close in June should that move into July there about our fiscal '16 of course would be impacted by that. You asked the question about the cost of borrowing about 4% we do expected to be lower than that and we were thinking Mick on our weighted average basis it will be sort of between 3 and 4 about 3.5%, so Mick, any other comments Mick on that?
Mick Lopez: Yes, absolutely. I think in FY15 we will have refinancing cost which are not included but we will also incur some deal costs, some financing fees, and a little bit of restructuring. Moving on to the cost of funds the way we hope to finance this as alluded beforehand is 30% of equity and 70% of debt we're taking the opportunity to refinance some of our short-term debt and in order to have rapid prepayment about half of our debt is going to be within five years and more than half of that would be term loans that which are very easily prepay. So, the cost of debt for the company will go down as we alluded to about 200 basis points that will be at or about or below 3.5% though.
Bill Brown: So, Howard did I hit all the comments or the questions that you asked?
Howard Rubel: More or less I mean I just think the thing that is striking and very impressive is that the cash of synergies overtime are going to be very strong and it is very complementary I mean if anything my observation is I was slightly higher but I guess you want to be start out conservative but no Bill this is great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter Skibitski: And I'd echo Carter’s comments about Joe and I guess though first question on the pro-forma of free cash flow approaching 1 billion in year four, just wonder what kind of top-line assumption you're factoring into to get to that?
Bill Brown: We do see that the business together will start to grow on the top-line probably in fiscal '16 more likely in fiscal '17 or still we sort of put together our plan we're not giving guidance today on fiscal '16 but I think all indications are for top-line growth but frankly when you just look at the free cash generation of our combined companies today, you look at the cash contributions which are more smooth going in the future for Exelis associated with the pension and then the cash return from synergies being generated by year four, we do see ourselves approaching about $1 billion in free cash. And that is also looking at there will be probably some opportunities in capital spending since we do have very complementary businesses, it's very likely we'll have some opportunities to take a hard look at how we each spend capital and look for opportunities as well. So all those pieces together Pete come together to drive us about $1 billion in about four years.
Peter Skibitski: And then just on the, I must have missed your comments about the cash investment cost of 130 million to 150 million, so those aren’t transaction cost, those are restructuring cost maybe or something else?
Bill Brown: That's correct, they're synergy cost, investments to capture synergies and again I want to be very clear, those investment costs and the savings on that chart are net of what we would be working with our government customer on. So that is what is accruing to our shareholders.
Peter Skibitski: And then I guess my last question just I mean obviously you guys are one of the few companies in the industry to kind of utilize the commercial pricing model and I was wondering if you had any thoughts as you were looking at this deal surrounding, an opportunity to take your commercial pricing model to certain of Exelis’ products or is that just not applicable?
Bill Brown: Well, I think we on our commercial pricing model or commercial model at Harris is mostly in our RF business and I think when you look at the NVCS business from Exelis it follows a largely the same model, I think on the rest of Exelis it looks more like what we see at GCS which is sort of more typically government type, permanent record type programming. So, I think that's what I think would look very similar from that perspective Pete.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: I wanted to ask if you could just help quantify what you anticipate the intangibles amortization to be, because this deal actually does look a heck a lot of more accretive at first flash than you are indicating. So I am trying to understand if you could quantify intangibles maybe some of the other items that we are not thinking about in year one and two?
Bill Brown: Yes look maybe just a little bit more color, I mean we just -- we are announcing it today, we have got a lot of work here to do to sharpening the numbers and we will do that between now and closing, provides you a little bit more guidance as we understand the pieces quite a bit more. I would say of the total investment it’s going to be more front-end loaded, it will be more in fiscal ’16 sort of on the order of two-thirds will come up in the first year then it will flow down in the second year maybe a third with little trickling into the second year and then a little more trickling into the third year. We see the intangible amortization to be in the range of about $130 million to $140 million is our estimate today. We do see savings starting to flow in, in fiscal ’16 but as I mentioned integrated cost will be higher than the savings and then it starts to flip as you get into fiscal ’17, so more savings than cost and you start to hit more run rate into fiscal ’18 where cost of integration are relatively low. I think those are the major pieces that I think I could probably comment on here today, Mick anything?
Mick Lopez: A couple of accounting nuances, first and foremost just based on the latest 10-Q Exelis has about $24 million in intangible amortization per annum and the purchase accounting that will go away so the 130 is that we mentioned before here 130 to 140 is what we will incur. So you have to take into account when you combine both firms. And then also of import in their pension they have a net of converted actuarial loss which with purchase accounting also goes way and you can calculate that. I think the last reported number for that was $2.3 billion as of the end of ’13 and the amortization of that is in the range of around $80 million to $100 million per year.
Gautam Khanna: Okay, so that’s 80 million to 100 million of sort of additive to the P&L or…
Mick Lopez: Probably on the lower-end of that, yes.
Gautam Khanna: Okay, so the EBIT that you guys are assuming from Exelis is an excess of the $400 million or so that they report, is that what you are suggesting, to be clear?
Pamela Padgett: Yes.
Gautam Khanna: And then with respect to the cash investment cost on Slide 11 that is specifically for what? If you could just give, is it the three buckets that you talked about on the left there? Or is that inclusive of other deal costs that you haven’t called out.
Bill Brown: Yes we should be very clear about that, it really refers to what’s on the left. There are no deal costs that are in the 130 to 150, those are investments that specifically yield a return or savings of synergy.
Gautam Khanna: And so what order of magnitude are we talking about with the deal cost you have yet to quantify?
Bill Brown: I think we are going to maybe sort of use that as an opportunity to communicate a little further down the path to investors on what that happens to be at this point Gautam. They are going to be in our fiscal ’15, we will come back to you and others over the coming weeks with a little bit more shape around what those costs happen to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Sullivan with Sterne Agee.
Josh Sullivan: Just given the move with the INS headquarters and now with the Exelis assets, are there other areas in the legacy portfolio such as healthcare which may not be as strategic going forward. I think you might have mentioned portfolio optionality?
Bill Brown: Yes, well clearly when you take the two combined companies and put them together, we will take a hard look as we have done and I know Dave has done in his portfolios to the strategy and the strategic rationale of holding on to assets. Of course we will have a broader look across our broader portfolio and we will continue to do what we each have one individually on the broader portfolio, that’s not our near-term focus certainly our near-term focus right now is on getting from sign to close, closing the deal, launching integration, making sure of a successful post-merger integration period. And that’s what we are laser focused on at the moment. Clearly there is going to be a realignment of the way we are organized in this transaction and what we've decided to do with the INS headquarters is a relative to what Harris was doing standalone but also relative to what we're preparing ourselves to do in a close. So it's completely along that same direction and that's as far I would comment today on any portfolio shaping.
Josh Sullivan: And then maybe just I have other question, what’s the DOD’s position just on M&A transactions such as these right now?
Bill Brown: Well look I think our defense customers in fact all of our customers are going to be excited about this transaction I think they're very interested in a vibrant stable industrial base, they're interested in enterprises that invest in innovation and technology and we've demonstrated a willingness and ability to do that, they are interested in innovation but affordable innovation and they'll be sharing in the savings associated with the consolidation of these companies. They're stimulating competition in the industrial base and I think we'll be a more competitive franchise. So in my belief all of our customers including our defense customers will be quite excited about the transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: On the business if I look at RF on the top line for the remainder of the year, it looks like you have to have a pretty nice acceleration going from a revenue decline to revenue growth there. And the comps aren't much easier when comparing to last year and order of momentum is a little bit stagnant. So can you maybe just talk about what's picking up in the back half within RF?
Bill Brown: We do see a little bit of a softer public safety outlook, we do see DOD strengthening a little bit, because there is a budget and there is flow down of funding, we see that picking up and we're seeing a lot more activity on the DOD side, but frankly we're very encouraged by the strength and resilience of our international tactical pipeline, it’s strong, remains about $2.5 billion even when we continue to book orders it continues to refresh quickly. I have talked at some length about what's in it and the prospects on the horizon, a lot of activity is moving in the pipeline and we feel very good about what's happening in the back half in international tactical radio. So today we see international tactical up a little bit more than we thought a quarter ago offsetting a little bit of the softness we see in public safety. Our DOD outlook for the year really hasn’t changed since we started the year. So what kind of full year international growth rate are you looking for now?
Noah Poponak: So what kind of full year international growth rate are you looking for now?
Bill Brown: I don’t think we're going to talk about sort of the international business tactical on a standalone basis. But we do see that to be up. Last time we were saying it's up low single-digits it’s probably up a little more than that like mid to high single-digits in that range. As last time we said DOD was going to be down low double-digit, it's about the same sort of -- as I mentioned them before down 10% to 12% so that hasn't changed. PSPC where we thought it was flat is more of down mid single-digit. So hopefully that characterizes a bit more how we see the full year in RF.
Noah Poponak: And then kind of the same question on the margin in the segment, can you maybe elaborate a little bit on what was weaker in the quarter and then to get into the range for the full year of the back half has to pickup pretty nicely versus the trend of kind of ongoing pressure we've seen there, so what drives that in the back half?
Bill Brown: Yes and that is a good question, I mean look overall we’ve been pretty consistent at that margin guidance for the year in RF business 30% to 31%. In the first half we're a little light we're at 29.5% roughly for the first half, came in at around 29 in Q2. In Q2 we had some adverse mix we had a lot of systems business, we had some additional R&D expenses that rolled through in the quarter in Q2. And I have been very-very clear on these calls about our willingness to invest more in our RF business, particularly in tactical radios and you've seen those investments flowing through. And of course in Q2 we had given the volume slightly lower margins in public safety than we had anticipated earlier in the year, the second half is going to get stronger because we will see much stronger product mix coming through the business and we feel very confident that will come in at between 30% and 31% on a full year basis.
Noah Poponak: And then could you similarly update us on the pieces of INS for the full year in terms of a growth rate in the IT services business and in CapRock?
Mick Lopez: What we're seeing in these businesses as particularly in HITS on a year-to-year basis, they've lost two major -- wind down of two major programs we know about the NMCI and so that is a significant year-on-year. When I look at the revenue for HITS what you'll find is declined in low double-digits but the commercial is continuing to do well. On healthcare it continues to grow year-on-year and all-in-all it's up macro environments right, we're having energy issues, oil prices are affecting that.
Noah Poponak: And then if I can just ask one more on the transaction, could you guys talk a little bit about what your diligence found on the ADSB program over at Exelis, seems like a large long opportunity but also seems like the type of thing that can take longer than expected or kind of easily slide to the right and so I was just curious how you were thinking about that program?
Bill Brown: Well, I'm not going to go into specifics on what we found in diligence I think Dave and his team have talked a lot about the strength with the FAA, the maturity of the ADSB program and the confidence that the administrator has placed in ADSB, the commitment to it, the drive and the mandate on equipage by 2020 holding firm on that and we feel good as I think Dave and his team feel about ADSB, it's a great program, they're performing very-very well. I think the FAA is very pleased and it's going to fit very nicely with the things that we do today with the FAA as you know we were on the FTI program we've been on that for 15 to 20 years we have been envy the next-generation voice switch program as well as datacom, so I think the programs that we work on with FAA and the strong reputation we've there with the FAA is going to be augmented by the very strong reputation that Exelis enjoys on ADSB with the FAA as well so I think we feel very good overall with our position there.
Pamela Padgett: Okay, I appreciate it. I think it wraps us up for today. Thank you everyone for joining us and let me know how I can help you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP, IR Bill Brown - Chairman & CEO Mick Lopez - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Joe Nadol – JPMorgan Carter Copeland – Barclays Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton Chris Quilty - Raymond James  Josh Sullivan - Sterne Agee 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Harris Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett. And on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; and Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Bill with that I'll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Okay. Thank you, Pam and good morning everybody. We began our fiscal year posting strong revenue and orders growth in government communications systems and in RF communications’ international tactical radio business. Operating performance was solid as we continued to benefit from lower costs and good execution.  Turning to Slides 3 and 4 of the presentation. Earnings-per-share was $1.18, flat with the prior year and favorably impacted by $0.06 from a lower tax rate in the quarter. Operational earnings came in as expected.  Revenue was down 3% with continued strong growth in government communications systems and in international tactical radios more than offset by continued weakness in the US tactical radio market and declining IT services revenue, primarily due to the wind-down of two major programs.  We remain focused on expanding outside the US, and in the first quarter, international revenue was up 15% to 31% of total revenue, trending favorably compared to 30% of total revenue for all of fiscal ’14. While our focus on operational excellence is reading through the margins and earnings, some of the savings is being reinvested in R&D to drive future growth.  Company-funded R&D was up 5% to 5.4% of total revenue with essentially all of the increase in tactical radio. Orders in the quarter were $1.11 billion and book-to-bill was 0.96. Orders were down 7% year-over-year, primarily due to the decline in IT services. Sequentially, orders were up 3% in the quarter.  Turning to a few segment highlights, and I'll begin with government communications systems which had an excellent start to the year with revenue, orders and operating income, all up significantly over the prior year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of positive year-over-year growth for GCS.  Customer diversification and leveraging our strong franchises in space, avionics, air traffic management, geospatial imagery and weather are creating new opportunities and producing excellent results in a tough government spending environment.  For several quarters we've highlighted the F-35 program as a revenue driver, a trend we expect to continue for number of years as the program continues to ramp, and as we look for opportunities to increase scope.  So let me give you a little color on the role that we play. Harris leveraged its track record of success on the F/A-18 and F-22 platforms into a larger role on the F-35 program, providing mission electronics, fiber-optic networks and power supplies. We also supply the antenna and interface unit for the Multifunction Advanced Data Link or MADL, providing stealth communications between F-35 aircraft.  Following fourth-quarter contract wins of $78 million for the F-35, in the first quarter we received another $22 million pushing contract awards to date to over $800 million. Under the current scope, total contract value could reach $4.5 billion over the life of the program and we've identified another $1.5 billion of opportunity for additional scope, including next-generation processors and expanded communications capabilities.  I will also mention that in GCS, our classified business continues to grow, and in Q1 we booked orders against a previously announced large win in geospatial imagery, the $770 million foundational geospatial content management contract or FGCM with the NGA. At the time of the announcement, there was a protest outstanding which we’re happy to report was denied.  Now turning to RF communications. International tactical radio revenue and orders were significantly higher than in the prior year. As we indicated last quarter, opportunities in Iraq were firming up and we booked two orders totaling $99 million, adding to the $50 million booked in the fourth quarter. These three orders were from multiple end-users and are part of a broad set of requirements across the MoD and MoI, including various defense services in a number of national security organizations. And we continue to see large opportunities in Iraq in our 12 to 18 month pipeline and beyond, building upon our decade-long track record in that market.  International opportunities such as Iraq tend to be multiyear multiphase modernizations where customers typically standardize on an established technology like the Falcon III family radios, like we’re seeing in a country in Asia where we booked an $18 million order in the quarter, bringing orders to date to $200 million. And in the Philippines where we booked an $18 million order in Q1, following a $14 million order booked in Q4.  In Canada, Harris was awarded a four-year $180 million Canadian single award IDIQ contract for Falcon III radios in support of several modernization efforts within the Canadian forces, including special operations. Canada has been a large user of Falcon II radios and a long-standing partner for 20 years.  I'm pleased that the international 12 to 18 month pipeline remains strong at $2.5 billion, replenishing quickly following another excellent quarter of orders and revenue growth, pointing to continued progress on multiyear opportunities. In times of global conflict, our tactical radio business has historically benefited and we’re beginning to see that in the quality of opportunities both within and beyond our pipeline.  Security concerns in the Middle East have no doubt heightened and the situation in Ukraine remains a significant concern, especially for Europe where we've seen opportunities increased a bit in size for Poland, and for the Baltic and Scandinavian countries as well as for Ukraine.  Coalition actions could also add to our opportunity list because of the need for interoperability. Since our radios have a broad installed base around the world, we’re well-positioned to meet that requirement.  In the Middle East, opportunities are not just within one or two countries but are broad with major opportunities in at least five countries and smaller but significant ones in a handful of others. And our Middle East customers, in the face of heightened security issues, are really looking at requirements to ensure their forces are adequately equipped with the right command, control and communications equipment. And typically in these countries we’re considered a preferred supplier.  In the US tactical radio market, budget constraints and procurement delays continue to result in weak revenue and orders. The issue is not demand as customer requirements are real and they are significant. Our DoD pipeline remains roughly at about $1 billion and includes both modernization plans across the services as well as typical resets, upgrades, replacement, spares and support.  What’s holding back the market is the uncertainty caused by the overhang of no government fiscal year ‘15 budget and the worry of sequestration on the horizon in ’16. We believe spending should improve once a ‘15 budget is passed.  We’re confident that US tactical radio modernizations will move forward and all the services are committed to it, including the Army whose modernization alone is a multibillion dollar opportunity. The Marines have standardized on Falcon technology and are steadily upgrading, and SOCOM released in October, an RFP for the multichannel handheld portion of a $500 million modernization effort called SOCOM Tactical Communications or STC program.  STC encompasses a family of radios, the multichannel handheld, the multichannel Manpack and an HF wideband radio and is expected to have multiple suppliers and we fully expect to be one of them.  As our results today and over the last several quarters indicate, we’re investing to win and we’re demonstrating a readiness to deliver now. Following NSA certification, our new multichannel Manpack received it's official nomenclature, the AN/PRC-158, a sign of customer endorsement and intent to procure.  We've now booked orders with three different DoD customers outside of the Army and we expect shipments to begin this quarter. Relative to the Army program of record, our PRC-158 Manpack offers size, weight and power advantages and doesn't require add-on application to operate over the Mule satellite system. The team also uniquely designed an expansion slot into the radio, so the customer can tailor capability to the specific mission requirement.  A customer might choose to integrate an ISR feature such as access to direct UAV video downlinks, or add third-party modules for specialized ISR applications, or to add commercial SATCOM access. My point is that radios are not designed just to meet the spec. Instead we develop radios to meet the needs of the soldier with capabilities that oftentimes go beyond the spec.  And we’re doing the same thing with our wideband rifleman team radio. To provide ourselves with an independent and real user view, the radio was tested by the Network Battle Lab for experimentation at the Cyber Center of Excellence and soldiers from the 15th Regimental Signal Brigade. The results validated the radio superior transmission range, shorter time to form a network from a cold start, and ease-of-use due to our unique dashboard display which simplifies mission planning and monitoring of network connectivity. Both radios will compete in the Army's upcoming Manpack and rifleman radio procurements.  And we continue to make great progress on the previously one mid-tier vehicular radio program called MNVR. Government integration testing for the MNVR radio started in mid-October and is a key milestone for the radio. Preliminary results leading up to the testing were very positive, demonstrating the ability to quickly form WNW and SRW networks. For both networks, the radios met data throughput requirements even while exceeding range requirements.  And in the spring, the limited user test will be at the focal point of NIE 15.2 which we hope results in a Milestone C decision to initiate for a production and begin deliveries in fiscal ’16. And as I mentioned in the last call, we’re developing a Mules upgrade solution to port into already fielded 117G radios, some 30,000 of them adding significant value to our customers’ existing inventory. This upgrade market is anticipated to be significant with opportunities beginning in late fiscal ’15.  And before leaving RF communications, I will touch on public safety. The public safety market remains weak and is estimated to be down low double digits for the year to date calendar 2014. While local government budgets have improved and more than half of the market is still analog and eventually will be upgraded to the P25 digital standard, customers have been slow to move forward. We believe the wind-down from re-banding and narrow banding and some hesitancy in the front of the [ph] rollout of LTE is weighing on the market.  As we also see the market becoming increasingly more competitive, we’re continuing to work on what we control: our cost structure, our product lineup and the effectiveness of our sales and marketing activities to improve our competitive position.  And then finally in integrated network solutions, revenue was weak as expected for the segment but commercial CapRock and healthcare results were once again encouraging with both businesses posting revenue growth in the high single digits.  So with that, I will turn it over to Mick to comment on segment results and guidance. Mick?
Mick Lopez: Thank you, Bill and good morning to everyone. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. RF communications revenue was $387 million compared to $423 million in the prior year.  Segment orders were $374 million, up 7% compared to last year. Book-to-bill was 0.97. Tactical communications revenue was $276 million and declined 9%. While orders were $288 million, up 28% compared to the prior year. We experienced strong revenue and orders growth in international but the US market remained weak.  Book-to-bill for tactical was 1.04 and sequentially funded backlog was up modestly from 4Q’s $564 million to $575 million this quarter.  The public safety, weakness in the state and local market continued. Revenue was $111 million, down 6% compared to the prior year. Orders were $86 million compared to $123 million in the prior year. Operating income for the RF communication segment was $117 million and operating margin was 30.1%.  Let’s turn to government communications system segment on Slide 6. First quarter revenue was $461 million, increasing 12% compared to $412 million in the prior year. Higher revenue from classified customers, commercially hosted payload programs, the F 35 program and the FAA's NexGen data comm program was partially offset by lower revenue from NASA's Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment program.  Segment operating income was $74 million and operating margin was 16%, reflecting manufacturing efficiencies in the space area and strong program performance across the segment. During the quarter, Harris was awarded a five-year $495 million ceiling multi-vendor IDIQ contract from the U.S. Air Force for the hosted payload solutions program and awards totaling $83 million from classified customers.  Turning to integrated network solution segment on Slide 7. First quarter revenue was $326 million, down 13% compared to the prior year. Revenue growth in commercial CapRock and healthcare was more than offset by revenue decline in the government market. Declining revenue in IT services was primarily due to the rolloff of NMCI contract, and the decision to no longer sell pass-through products on another contract, and to a lesser extent, from continued market weakness.  Segment operating income was $23 million compared to $30 million last year. Operating margin was 7.1% compared to 7.9% in the prior year. These operating performance improvements at CapRock and healthcare were more than offset by the rolloff of the highly profitable NMCI contract.  In healthcare, the news was encouraging. The team released the latest version of the Fusion FX software solution, incorporating new features and interface enhancements such as graphical chart displays, multi-browser support and automation improvements.  We had several new wins in healthcare, including a contract from Phoebe Putney Health System for our provider portal solution linking physicians and other clinicians throughout one of Georgia's largest health systems. We won two international contract awards; one from Telus Health in Canada and one from National Health Service-East Kent in the United Kingdom. Our software is now deployed at 50 hospitals and the number of users over the last quarter has grown from 50,000 to 75,000.  Let's turn to Slide 8. Our company generated free cash flow of $46 million compared to $166 million in the prior year. CapEx was $41 million compared to $33 million last year. We continue to expect free cash flow for the fiscal year up about a 100% of net income with CapEx up about $200 million. We remain confident in our ability to generate strong free cash flow and in the first quarter increased our dividend by 12% and used $100 million in cash to repurchase 1.4 million shares.  Our effective tax rate was 28.7% as a result of a foreign tax credit settlement but we still expect a 32.5% tax rate for the full fiscal year.  Moving to Slide number 9. Fiscal 2015 guidance remains unchanged at a range of $4.75 to $5 per diluted share and a revenue decline of 1% to 3% compared to the prior year. Also, no changes were made to segment information which is detailed on this slide. With that, I’d like to ask the operator to please open the lines for any question.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: So hey, I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. One, could you comment maybe on how the tactical RF orders have trended since the September quarter ended? And then if you could just give us some flavour of when – what you expected the bookings – what the cadence of RF tactical bookings will be through the year, because it looks like you do still have some go-get kind of business to hit the numbers this year?
Bill Brown: Yeah, I don’t think, Gautam, we can comment on anything that's happened since the close of the quarter at this point. We will release publicly whatever we believe should be issued in a press release as they get awarded to us, we will continue to do that through the second quarter. I would say we felt pretty good about the start to the year in international and we were very pleased with the revenue and order growth coming off a very very strong fiscal ’14. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Gautam, I'm encouraged by the pipeline replenishing itself to you’re seeing 2.5 billion and it’s pretty constant over the last number of quarters, it almost looks like a manufactured number. In fact, there is real opportunities, they’re moving through the pipeline and the fact that we’ve been booking so healthily, including in Q1, I am pretty encouraged by that. And I would say also in terms of the quality of the opportunities as they’re moving through the pipeline feels pretty good.  On the domestic side, we knew the first half was going to be a bit challenging. We talked about that in the last quarter. We knew we’d have a slow start. We did see some opportunities that we had hoped to book in Q1, slipped a little bit to the right. The fact is we’re operating under a CR. We expect that will get resolved towards the end of the calendar year and a budget happening sometime early in next calendar year as something that happened this past year. So I think once that happens, I think money will start to flow once there is more certainty on funding lines. So we do expect the back half in the DoD tactical business to be a bit better than the front half. But I think it's what I can comment on in terms of the order trajectory as we see it today, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: And you are still looking for it to be down, tactical RF, low single digits, is that right – so there is no change –
Bill Brown: Yes, there is no change to that. We still see the year down low single digits. We still see the DoD part down the low double digits in the 10% to 12% range, and again we start out Q1 a weaker than that, so it does imply a little bit better performance in the back half. We do see international up low single-digits and again we start out a little stronger than that. So perhaps a strength there might offset a little bit of softness in DoD but overall tactical for the year we still see it being down low single digits.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: And can you update us on your buyback plans for the year? I think you said 200 million but you did just over half of that in Q1. What do you expect to do in terms of share buyback?
Bill Brown: Nothing has changed at this point. We’re still guiding towards $200 million for the year. We tend not to communicate too much on a quarterly pattern here. Last year we did start off the year as well with a pretty healthy buyback in the first quarter. We ended up doing more in the year. This year we did $100 million in Q1 and still guide to $200 million for the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joe Nadol – JPMorgan: Bill, just on the cash flow, you were a little lighter in the quarter than you haven’t had below 100 million for a while in operating cash flow in a quarter. Just wondering, it looks like some of it was inventories. Wonder if you could comment on maybe where things were a little weaker in the quarter and were you looking for a pick up later in the year?
Bill Brown: Well, I think I would say that Mick and I weren’t too particularly happy with our start on free cash flow. As you point out, we typically have done better in the first half of the year. Our first half is always a little weak and Q1 is always a weaker part of the first half. But we were down quite a bit versus last year. We’re not pleased with the results. It wasn’t in any particular segment, it was really across the segments and it wasn’t so much capital. Capital was up a little bit in the quarter as we knew it would be. It was really coming off of working capital. We know we booked a couple of orders a little later in the quarter than we thought, so that didn’t get collected and we built a little bit of inventory and we are going live this quarter on a ERP system in RF in Rochester and we want to make sure we’re protected for that.  So there is a bit of inventory there but we’re going to hit a 100% in net income for the year, we’re guiding to it. I am confident on our ability to get there. We know what we need to do and it will correct itself through the year. 
Joe Nadol – JPMorgan: Is it fair to say that in tactical that – or even in RF more broadly that Q2 should look sort of like Q1 and you expect a material pickup going into Q3 and Q4, or maybe a little help with that – [indiscernible] would be because you are under 400 in the quarter, backlog is pretty consistent with where it was and – it looks like Q1 you’re 800, looking for 1.8 for the year. So any comments there?
Bill Brown: Well, we’re not going to guide to Q2. I mean we’re going to stick to the guidance for the year. What I did say earlier, in fact, is consistent with what we said on the last call, was that the second half was going to be bit better than the first half. And I think a lot of this is going to do with -- have to do with some budget certainty which we see happening. We did see the tactical backlog come up sequentially a little bit a couple percent and that’s encouraging for us. We do see typically 60% to 70% of our backlog turned in the year. We do see up to 75% of new orders that we book in the year to convert to revenue within the year. That's spot on to what we did in fiscal ‘14 and we see fiscal ‘15 playing out pretty much the same way. 
Joe Nadol – JPMorgan: And then just one more, any thoughts – I haven’t turned this one on in a little while but any thoughts on capital deployment outside of returning cash to shareholders, i.e. M&A, any pipeline, just any update in the strategy there?
Bill Brown: Well, we wouldn’t talk about anything in particular on M&A but I would say that there's nothing in the marketplace where Harris right now is changing our strategy. We remain committed as the board does to returning capital to owners in an efficient way. We continue to fund internal priority and that's our number one requirement. We've paid a nice dividend, you probably saw we raised it again 12% in the month of August. We’ve got a very strong track record of double-digit increases going back a decade 23% CAGR was pretty pretty healthy. And it has been up by about 19%, 20% the last three years. We’ve been I think pretty good in returning cash in terms of buyback as well, and as my comment to Gautam indicated, we still have 200 for the year, 100 million in Q1. We come out of the gates a little soft on free cash flow but I'm sure we will hit on a percent of net income in the full-year. So nothing has really changed at this point, that's notable to report to our owners.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland – Barclays: Just a couple of quick ones. First off, on your comments around PSPC, I know last quarter, Bill, you had said you expected things to tick up a little bit more in the back half of the year but it sounds like incrementally the commentary there -- that market is a bit tougher than you thought coming into the year. And am I hearing that correctly -- hopes of the pickup in the back year of your fiscal year?
Bill Brown: Yes, it is incrementally a little bit softer than we had hoped. We thought the market would accelerate towards the back end of calendar ‘14 and at least through our calendar ’13, so our first quarter, we didn't see that happening. As I mentioned last time, there is a combination of both the market being soft and continued to be soft, I think we’re in a bit of the trough between the narrow banding, rebanding rolloff and LTE somewhere off in the horizon and the market is getting a bit more competitive. And we’ve got some internal execution issues that we’re working through. We've put in place a new management team. We’re working hard on our sales force. We’re making a lot of improvements to our product offering. We are working on some of the nagging quality issues we have seen over the last couple of years in our business that the team is really focused on. And we get almost daily reports on how we are improving on the quality side. So it’s really the combination of those two things.  And in order to hit – so we start off the year, fiscal year a little bit softer than we had hoped. We’re still guiding to flat for the full-year but that does put a bit of scratch in the back half. 
Carter Copeland – Barclays: And then with respect to INS, I wondered if you’d just give us a little bit of color. The language in the release makes it sound like the year-over-year decline was basically the IT services pieces you talked about, which would sort of suggest that the domestic declines or government declines in CapRock were offsetting the growth in commercial. Is that the right characterization and can you help us understand some of the color around the declines and the growth there and just some more color on what you are seeing in that marketplace?
Bill Brown: I think it's accurate, Carter. I think the challenge we had in INS in Q1 was almost as we had expected and guided to. So the segment as a whole came in as we had thought it would. IT services and the rest of the government part of INS was soft. We did see the rolloff of two significant contracts in the IT services business. One was NMCI that Mick had mentioned, the other is the NETCENTS products business which we decided to not sell under anymore because we didn't think it added any value to our owners. That's about two-thirds of the impact in IT services and the other third was about – it was really around the market softness in IT services.  We did continue to see some erosion on the government side of CapRock, you know, that business was down about 24%, 25% last year. It was pretty soft as well in Q1 and that was not quite offset by as we mentioned some growth in the commercial side of CapRock which was very good both in maritime and energy as well as in the commercial side of healthcare. So it didn’t offset the decline from the government side but it did mute them a little bit. 
Carter Copeland – Barclays: And just lastly with respect to the – I understand this can be a Q1 sort of thing but you're obviously running very good margins in government comm in the quarter with INS perhaps a little bit below kind of full year expectations. Are those suggestive of any trends, does it imply anything about the guidance moving, or is it just Q1 and it’s too early to call?
Bill Brown: It's too early to call but yes, we did see GCS a little bit better than what we were guiding to for the year. We knew that was going to end up happening and we knew the margins were going to be strong. We knew we had a couple of space programs that are more product related that are going to wind down after Q1. So we don’t really see that repeating in Q2 but we’re very very pleased with where GCS has been in a market that's really very very challenging, to come out with 12% growth top line and pretty strong orders is very impressive accomplishment of the team. And like I said on the INS side, yeah, it’s a little bit soft, not as we expected the softness in the first quarter but today we don't see any change in the guidance for the full-year for GCS or INS.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: Bill, I was wondering – do you have a sense that maybe your Army radio revenue is kind of at a trough this year. I know it should be down but now for a number of years it seems like the comp is just getting easier for you in terms of QD [ph] volumes, particularly in the Army, because you’ve got a number of competition, it seemed like you’re pretty well placed. On the other hand, the Army budgets are really tough. So I am just wondering how you think about things from that perspective?
Bill Brown: Well, look, we certainly see the business to be – continue to be challenging in our fiscal ’15, it’s where we’re guiding to be down, another 10% to 12% from being down north of 20% last year. And so we know there’s going to be more pressure in the budgets in fiscal ’15. However they are constituted in and get approved in December January timeframe. But look, we see the budgets bottoming. We may not be at the bottom or certainly near it, we do know that with a modestly better budget environment we do see budgets starting to recover and support for modernization happening in fiscal ’16. So we do see that getting better over the next year or two. It's hard to say that this is exactly the inflection point but I think we’re bumping along the bottom.  I think the demand is there, it’s driven by a number of factors. Certainly Army modernization is important. I am glad to see it’s still a priority, the opportunity over the next decade is multimillions of dollars, could be $5 billion. We do know that some of the delays in HMS do create some fill the gaps that we hope we can find a way to plug. I'm very pleased that SOCOM has come out with their STC program, the modernization program that was come out as an RFP in October and the rest to follow, that's a half a billion dollar program, we’re well-positioned there. We do know that there are some reset opportunities that are OEM funded because there is a lot of inventory of radios and they need to be upgraded and reset. There is some urgent needs requirements. There's a lot of conflict in the world, that perhaps there are some urgent needs that are happening. I am finding a lot more attention paid to Mules [ph] and frankly a little more concern around SATCOM access, and SATCOM reliability which is partly why we’re seeing a little more interest in a wideband radio, wideband HF radio.  So to me there's a number of things that could cause the business to get better over time. I do see that when the markets do come back, when the funding is there, the investments that we've made and they are significant ones, are going to position us to be successful. So long way of saying, Pete, I think we’re sort of bouncing along the bottom and recoveries can depend upon what happens in the overall budget environment. 
Peter Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton: I will just have one more follow-up. Hosted payloads, you are on a couple of contracts now, it’s kind of a new area. Just wondering how you think about this area, maybe how big you think it could be because like I said, you have a couple of new contracts but there is a lot of competition also, at least on one of them. So I am just wondering if you see this as kind of a long term trend and if it’s kind of a meaningful opportunity for you, it’s kind of – maybe a more modest one?
Bill Brown: Well, I think we’re very very well positioned and it started a couple of years ago when we won the Arianne hosted payload for the [Arianne radium] set of satellites that they’re going to launch I think some time next year. And that put us in the leadership position and we were able to augment that win with a number of other payloads on that platform. And I would say today we are the market leader on hosted payloads and I think we’re well-positioned. We've got a facility set up in Palm Bay under GCS. We’ve got a lot of years of experience in doing this sort of work, and the us winning a piece like many others on this hosted payloads solutions contract is very encouraging to us. We’re looking at six or seven different opportunities that are live, under that particular contract. And I think we’re going to – I think we’re going to be very well positioned over time. I do think that this is a longer-term trend, this has to do a lot with what people call this disaggregation of space where very large multibillion dollar single-purpose satellites will likely over time get disaggregated into smaller pieces, that could be more responsive, launched faster, be more nimble than waiting for a decade to have a very large exquisite multibillion dollar satellite launch. I think the needs of our military and IC community, and the technology progress is such that it’s to me that's the direction that this whole market is going to go. It doesn't mean that there won't be a demand for exquisite technology, I just think that there is a lot of opportunity for finding hosted solutions on ready to be launched commercial platforms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Quilty of Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James : Bill, can you give us -- is there any update on the timing of RFPs for the rifleman Manpack are still on track?
Bill Brown: Well the latest we’ve heard is the rifleman RFP should be out in the next couple of months by the end of the year and probably the Manpack perhaps early in calendar ’15 like in the January timeframe. I am sort of – that’s good [ph] to call in the ball, on this one, Chris, to be honest with you. That’s the latest we are hearing from the PEO and so I am repeating that to you but it does feel like it is getting lots -- it's right around the corner. There has been a lot of discussion, RFI discussion on both the rifleman and the Manpack going back and forth. And it certainly does feel like we’re getting a lot closer to the RFPs being issued. So that's the perspective as we speak today, Chris. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James : And I haven't read through all the commentary on the RFIs. But was there anything in the original specs or the RFI discussions that’s troubling in terms of product designer requirements?
Bill Brown: No, I wouldn’t say there's anything that we’re finding particularly troubling. I think the RFIs on the Manpack really go back to what happened in NIE 14.2 where the program of record perhaps did meet the expectations of the Army, this followed with this memo from General McMaster who at the time was the commanding general of the Army Maneuver Center of Excellence, like in the June timeframe he was pretty critical of the program. And I think what the Army has done has gone back and reassessed their needs, their requirements and the RFIs that we've responded to are more along the lines of addressing some of the concerns on size, weight, power, range, heat, that General McMaster pointed out and it's asking questions relative to what sort of improvements would you be able to make over what period of time in the Manpack. I think it's you being used to inform the Army as to what might be a special requirement and what might be an objective requirement.  I find it all to be honest with you very very encouraging for Harris, because what they're looking at is how will these product be improved over the near-term to do those things that General McMaster wants to see happen -- take weight out of it, make it more nimble, improve the range, reduce the power draw, improve battery life. Those are some of the things that we do every single day going back over a decade and we continue to make improvements on our radio. We think today even our Manpack is very very well positioned. I made a few comments on that in my prepared remarks. I think our radio is well-positioned. We've got great ideas to do some additional things, bring additional value, like this additional slot that the team just put into the Manpack radio of that lot capability should the warfighter need that additional capability for ISR or SATCOM access, that’s pretty interesting and unique, and it’s gotten the services kind of interested and excited about that. So that's the progress that’s happening right now. So I do believe when the RFPs, when they come out over the next couple of months, I think we’re going to be very well-positioned. I am extraordinarily encouraged that we have three orders outside of the Army are ready and we are delivering in this quarter and I think that really to me is a testament to the fact that we’re ready to compete for the Army program. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James : Speaking of orders outside – if I did the numbers correct, it looks like your international opportunity pipeline went from about 2.4 to 1.5 billion, are those numbers correct? And can you just speak to that?
Bill Brown: Now the international pipeline has remained about $2.5 billion for the last several quarters, it’s very very good, very strong. And as I mentioned in some of my remarks, I think the quality of pipeline is good if not coming up a little bit. It hasn't changed in its size over the last couple of quarters despite really really good bookings here, Chris. 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James : And with the FTCM contract, can you just speak to -- I mean with series of contract awards now, how much incremental all of that order activity has been relative to your past work that you’ve done in recent years?
Bill Brown: Yeah, no change to what I mentioned on the last call. We have a long history with the NGA as a key geospatial imagery supplier and that broad set of suppliers is narrowing itself down to today – to really being two and we won two of three regions around the world. As I mentioned one of the regions was protested, it was denied. So we have 2 of 3 regions around the world for the NGA. Task orders are starting to be issued against those contracts, and as I mentioned last we expect the value of that business for us, for Harris Corporation, to roughly double in size from where we were. And we were in that $30 million to $50 million range, maybe $50 million, we think that that's going to double over time. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Sullivan with Sterne Agee.
Josh Sullivan - Sterne Agee: So just with the rebates, managing price in the last month or so, are your CapRock energy customers making any change to their long term CapEx investments?
Bill Brown: We haven’t seen that, I think it's too soon to say and I think it’s pretty consistent with the commentary that I am reading across all the other players in the energy segment. At $80 a barrel whatever it is today, 80, 81, something like that, it hasn't hit that level which causes people to rethink capital investments. Should it fall another $10, $15 I mean maybe something is going to change. I think it’s going to end up happening and then impacting some of the big oil and gas players a lot sooner than it will impact us. So we have not seen that.  Remember our model here in CapRock, these rigs are existing, they are very long – the new ones are long-term build, you got to get positioned on them very very early on. We tend to own the equipment, we lease it back to the operator of the rig. So should oil prices remain deeply depressed for a multiyear basis would there be an impact on the business? It's possible but it won’t read through to us for some time. 
Josh Sullivan - Sterne Agee: And then can you just talk about the Smart Sky opportunity and if there is any overlap on the LTE capability to public safety?
Bill Brown: Yeah it’s a little bit too soon to talk about Smart Sky for us, we do think it's an interesting opportunity for us for developing some good technology based on GCS for air to ground communications. And it builds on the things that we do at public safety but also in LTE capability we have around the company and it is really being led by GCS. A lot of it has to do with our ability to develop and deliver long-range radios. We do it for the military and this is a slightly different adaptation of that. So nothing to really update today. It's still a work-in-process.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Pamela Padgett for closing remarks.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Pamela Padgett - VP, IR Bill Brown - Chairman & CEO Mick Lopez - SVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Omer Ismail - Goldman Sachs  Joe Nadol - JPMorgan Carter Copeland - Barclays Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer Chris Quilty - Raymond James  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Harris Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett. And on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; and Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Bill with that I'll turn it over to you.
Bill Brown: Thank you Pam and good morning everybody. Fourth quarter revenue and earnings were solid and we generated significant free cash flow. For the full fiscal year revenue and earnings per share came in at the high-end of our guidance range and free cash flow is excellent and exceeded our goal for the year. Our strategy to lower cost, invest in R&D to drive growth, maximize free cash flow and return cash to shareholders is servicing as well as we operate within what is still a constrained a U.S. government spending environment. Turning to slide 3 and 4 of the presentation, revenue was down 2% in the fourth quarter and the fiscal year and although the government market is having an effect particularly in our U.S. tactical and IT services businesses. Several growth areas with good momentum are minimizing the impact. International growth continues to be strong and was up 8% in the quarter and 13% for the year driven largely by the tactical radio business although our CapRock business is also contributing. CapRock which participates in the global maritime and energy markets had revenue growth in all four quarters, excellent second half orders and a full year book to bill greater than one. As a percentage of total revenue international increased from 26% in the prior year to now 30%. Our government communications business is bucking the trend with modest growth in both the quarter and full year showing great resiliency. While the specific revenue drivers vary quarter-to-quarter for the segment, our strategy to grow the core by leveraging strong franchises to create new opportunities in the areas of space and intelligence, air traffic management, geospatial imaginary, avionics and weather is working well and is gaining momentum. Turning to earnings, EPS was a $1.28 in the fourth quarter and $5 for the fiscal year, 2% higher than prior year non-GAAP EPS of $4.90. Fiscal ’14 earnings benefited for more than $100 million in cost savings related to prior year restructuring actions and ongoing operational excellence initiatives with some of those savings funding investment for the future. Company funded R&D was up 30% in the fourth quarter and 12% for the year to 5.3% of total revenue. A level significantly higher than peer companies in which when combined with savings from OpEx initiatives allows us to continue delivering innovative and affordable solutions. Free cash flow was $334 million in the quarter and $640 million for the year, an excellent 120% of net income driven by very strong working capital performance. CapEx for the year was $201 million up $23 million from the prior year for investments in new systems and infrastructure to support growth. We continue to return cash to shareholders with $300 million in share repurchases for the year higher than a $200 million target we set at the beginning of fiscal ’14. And during the year we increased our dividend by 40%, 90% compounded annually over the last three years. Orders in the quarter were about $1.1 billion, sequentially flat with a third quarter and down versus the strong prior year quarter with funded backlog declining 5% year-over-year. Book to bill for the year was just under 1 at 0.97. Turning now to some segment highlights, in RF Communications international tactical revenue was up 11% in the quarter and 25% for the year and opportunities in the international tactical market remain relatively healthy. Our 12 to 18 month pipeline is 2.5 billion up from last quarter’s 2.3 billion driven modestly higher by additional early stage opportunities. We’re also encouraged by the pipeline replenishing itself on the heels of 25% revenue growth and a number of large bookings in the year including a $78 million fourth quarter order from a country in Central Asia. Opportunities with the government of Iraq remain an important part of our pipeline and they continue to progress. We received the first $50 million order in Q4 and we have signed a contract on the next tranche and are working through the process of securing a letter of credit. Other significant opportunities are looking strong and have grown a bit in the quarter include a few in Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Australia, the Philippines and Mexico. In the U.S. our tactical business was somewhat weaker than expected in the quarter. Our 12 to 18 month pipeline in the U.S. remains in a $900 million to $1 billion range but the velocity of opportunities moving through the pipeline is slow with budget constraints delaying procurements. While we eliminated the JTRS HMS opportunity from our pipeline last quarter there has been a lot happening recently regarding the JTRS procurement process and funding outlook that’s worth spending a few minutes on. The good news is that under Secretary Kendall signed the new multi-vendor acquisition strategy for JTRS HMS, a significant milestone for Harris that allows us to compete for a multi-billion dollar multi-year radio opportunity. A draft RFP for the Rifleman Radio was released as well as draft technical requirement for the Manpack. And the army has now stated that the full rate production will begin in GFY ’17. For Harris this implies test units towards the end of our fiscal ’16 with the more significant revenue opportunity in fiscal ’17, about a year delay from what was previously anticipated. This new schedule creates fielding gaps for future capability sets and the good news for vendors like Harris is that the army has said that there are no plans for another LRIP production order for the JTRS Manpack. And as a result we believe this decision creates opportunities to fill the fielding gaps with Harris SRW appliques, MNVR radios and 117Gs all of which support the JTRS waveforms. Not surprisingly the procurement delay is resulting in proposed GFY ’15 funding cuts and a reduction of prior year funds. Based on recent information from the appropriations committees unspent funds for JTRS HMS at the end of government fiscal year ’15 will be a bit less than previously anticipated but still significant at $200 million to $300 million. In terms of future funding we’re encouraged by the latest SAR or Selected Acquisition Report that still shows army radio modernization as a roughly 10 year $5 billion market opportunity for Harris. Clearly the need for improved tactical communications remains one of the U.S. military’s highest priorities. And while the official JTRS HMS moderation program has pushed out, the army’s current generation radios don’t support networking or the high speed data rates that delivery critical real time information like situation awareness and video to war fighters operating in theater. So we continue to invest to position us to be successful in any scenario as the U.S. army, other U.S. services in the international military modernize. In fiscal ’14 R&D spend was up 8% in RF Communications and 36% in the fourth quarter. Investments included incorporating the MUOS waveform into our products as well as development of our multi-channel Manpack radio where we continue to make good progress. In June we received NSA certification for the Manpack a significant milestone needed for deliveries to begin. We anticipated that the army would be our first customer but given procurement delays the manpack will roll out first to other U.S. customers with our first order from the U.S. Navy scheduled for delivery in October. Our tactical team has done an excellent job in designing this product and we believe that as it gets fielded strong interest in the U.S. in international markets will quickly build. In government communication systems we had several significant wins to highlight, two of which were in the commercially hosted satellite payload market. In the fourth quarter we booked a $63 million order for new payload program on the Iridium Next constellation. The same platform that host the Aireon payload which put Harris at the forefront of this unique piggy back approach of using a commercially hosted payload to provide multiple missions on satellites. Following the close of the quarter we also received a five year $495 million multi-vendor IDIQ contract from the U.S. Airforce for hosted payload solutions program which provides us a contract vehicle to pursue additional opportunities and further extend our leadership position. Another strategic win in the quarter for government communications was from the national geospatial intelligence agency for two five year single award IDIQ contracts totaling $773 million for the foundation geocontent management program. The awards cover 2 or 3 regions, $365 million for region A that covers the U.S. specific and Northern Commands and $408 million for region C that covers the U.S. Africa and Southern Commands. With the award we received an initial order in region A while region C is currently under protest with resolution expected mid-September. Now this win is really important for Harris, it builds off a 20 plus relationship with the NGA that’s grown from trusted partner to now the leader in geospatial imaginary. Dating back to 2000, Harris was one of 15 suppliers and overtime became one of six and now one of two imaginary suppliers to the NGA, with Harris providing two thirds of NGAs global coverage. This program is expected to more than double our current geospatial revenue and create additional expansion opportunities in the U.S. and abroad. So with that I will turn it over to Mick to comment on segment results and guidance for fiscal ’15 and then I will come back with a few closing comments. Mick?
Mick Lopez : Thank you Bill. Good morning to everyone. Moving to segment results on slide 5, RF Communications revenue was $493 million down 1% compared to prior year. Segment orders were $361 million compared to $646 million last year. In tactical communications revenue was $348 million up 4% over the prior year with strong international revenue growth of 11% more than offsetting lower revenue in the U.S. A soft U.S. market also dampened orders which were 232 million in the quarter. This compares to prior year orders of 498 million which benefited from strong international bookings. In public safety, revenue was a 145 million down 12% compared to a 165 million in the prior year. Continuing weakness in the state and local market also impacted orders which were 129 million compared to 148 million in the prior year. Operating income for the RF Communication segment was a 141 million and operating margin was 28.5% reflecting the planned increase in R&D spending. For the full year operating margin was 30.7%. Now turning to integrated network solution segment on slide 6. Fourth quarter revenue was 373 million down 9% compared to the prior year. Revenue growth in commercial CapRock and commercial healthcare was more than offset by continued U.S. government market weakness. Segment operating income was 33 million compared to non-GAAP operating income of 36 million in the prior year primarily as a result of lower revenue volume. Operating margin was 8.7% slightly higher than non-GAAP operating margin of 8.6% in the prior year with improved operating performance in CapRock and healthcare offset by lower operating margin in IT services. We were encouraged by the progress made during the quarter in healthcare. With the roll out of our new vendor neutral suite of interoperability solutions called Fusion FX. The number of live deployments grew from 29 to 45 hospitals and we now have over 50,000 users on our systems. Moving to slide 7, revenue in government communication systems was 480 million increasing 2% compared to the prior year. Higher revenue from classified customers FAA’s Data Com program, the F-35 program and the U.S. Navy’s commercial broadband satellite program were partially offset by lower revenue from NASA’s Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment program and NOAA's GOES-R Weather Program. Segment operating income was 69 million and operating margin was 14.4% in the quarter and a strong 15.4% for the full year. Turning to slide 8, the company generated free cash flow of $334 million compared to 273 million in the prior year. CapEx was 61 million compared to 47 million last year. For the full year free cash flow came in at a strong 648 million and operating cash was a record high driven by a 12 day improvement in net working capital. In the quarter we repurchased about 1.1 million shares or total cash outlay of 86 million and our effective tax rate was 32.3%. Moving to slide 9, and fiscal ’15 guidance. In RF Communications we expect revenue to be flat to down 3% with continuing revenue growth in international tactical. A soft U.S. tactical market due to slow government spending in the first half that should improve once the budget is passed and about flat public safety revenue. Operating margin for the segment is expected to be consistent with this year in a range of 30% to 31%. An integrated network solutions, revenues expected to be down 7% to 8% with solid revenue growth in CapRock and healthcare more than offset by declining revenue in IT services due to the roll-off of the NMCI contract and the decision to no longer sell low margin pass through products. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range of 7% to 8% with improved operating performance at CapRock and healthcare more than offset by the roll off of the highly profitable NMCI contract. Government communications revenue is expected to be flat to up 2%, expected revenue drivers in fiscal ’15 include classified programs, hosted payloads, geospatial and the ramp up of F-35 production and are providing good visibility for first half growth. Segment operating margin is expected to be around 15% for the year. We’re expecting a 32.5% tax rate which does not assume any benefit from R&D tax credit and corporate expense is expected to be about 5% lower for the year. For total Harris, revenues expected to be down 1% to 3% and EPS in the range of $4.75 to $5 with a bit more pressure in the first half on a year-over-year basis than in the second half. Free cash flow is expected to be around a 100% of net income with CapEx of about $200 million. Our guidance reflects $200 million of share repurchases in the year. Now back to you Bill.
Bill Brown: Thank you Mick. As our fiscal ’15 guidance reflects we’re anticipating a similar constrain budget environment to what we experienced in our fiscal ’14 with the government operating in the first part of GFY ’15 under a continuing resolution. Under a CR, our experience is that spending is generally slow with new starts on hold as customers either don’t spend or spend reluctantly until they have clarity for each specific budget line. So for Harris we will continue to make sure our cost structure reflects the current environment and our organizational structure is optimized for success. And we will stay the course with what’s working in this environment lowering cost, investing in technology and innovation to drive growth, maximizing free cash flow and returning excess cash to our shareholders. I’m really proud of what our teams have accomplished this past year and we’re committed to driving value for shareholders while meeting the needs of our customers for high quality, innovative and affordable solutions and with that I would like to the ask operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question is from (indiscernible) of Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Omer Ismail - Goldman Sachs : This is Omer filling in for Nova. Just wanted to get your latest thoughts on capital deployment options here and also in particular how are you guys thinking about the portfolio after the initial actions that you took and are you going to consider any potential M&A whether it be major even or a tug here or there?
Bill Brown: I’m not going to comment today on any potential portfolio actions or M&A but I would say that there is no recent event that’s changing our strategy from the past on capital allocation. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and what we have always been doing is a smart and in an efficient way. If you look back over the last 3 years we have returned close to 90% of our free cash to shareholders in the form of repurchases of dividends. Our number one priority has been and will remain funding internal requirements and I think we have proven ourselves to be able to do that through capital spending and R&D investment. We continue to pay an attractive dividend, we have got a strong track record of double digit growth and I talked a bit about that in my remarks, 19% compounded over the last three years. As we move back this past year we started out the year at $200 million target for share buyback and we ended up $300 million. If you look at the last three years it's $1.2 billion in share buyback so it's been a pretty healthy amount of shares repurchased in the marketplace reducing our share count by about 15% and again we’re guiding it at $200 million of shares as you know from our balance sheet we don’t have any debt due until the end of 2017 and we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow. I think our fiscal ’14 results point to that. We’re targeting next year 100% of that income again certainly our executive team is now incentivized on free cash flow and that’s been a change in the last couple of years and I think the results are showing through on our numbers and we will continue to reevaluate overtime how we deploy our capital. So thank you very much Omer.
Omer Ismail - Goldman Sachs : Just another quick follow-up, you did discuss the international and tactical radio trends for the quarter and the year there. What was international book to bill both for the quarter and the year and is there any timing profile that you can give us an update on as to how we think about these awards for that ex-fiscal year?
Bill Brown: We don’t talk about the individual components within tact between U.S. and international in terms of bookings or book to bill or things of that nature. I think as you’ve seen in the report the tactical book to bill in the quarter was about 0.67 for the year and it ended up about 0.86. The international business as I mentioned in my remarks was very, very strong, it was up 25% and it ended the year very strong in Q4, with up 11. And as I did mention the pipeline is strong at about $2.5 billion up a bit from the last time. So we remain encouraged by the trends that we’re seeing on the international side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe Nadol of JPMorgan. You may begin.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan:  On the ’15 outlook what is your plan for domestic versus international tactical radio growth if you are willing to share that?
Bill Brown: At RF, overall it's flat to down 3 and we see tactical down low single-digits. We see the international side up low single digits and on the DoD side down low double digits so read that 10% - 12% in that range. So that’s a complete -- I mean PSPC is about flat just sort of complete the circle on the RF Com segment.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: And then just on the international front, you upped -- you did some commentary certainly already and you upped your pipeline and you said I think it was early stage opportunities. I was wondering if maybe you could help us think through that 2.5 billion from a timing standpoint, are there near term bulky or good size orders out there that you think you can pull in before the end of the calendar year and then maybe a little more color on what the early stage opportunities look like?
Bill Brown: Yes the pipeline came up a little bit and it was as I did mention some earlier stage opportunities but we still feel very confident about the size of the pipeline. As I mentioned coming off the year where we booked a lot of good orders and grew our business by 25% which I think is astounding to see the pipeline replenish itself and actually grow a little bit. I think it's very, very significant to us. We see about 750 million of that 2.5 billion that are in the proposal closure finalization stage so the probability is very high. The timing Joe, as you know is always a bit difficult to predict. The shape of the pipeline looks pretty much in-line with what I mentioned last time, it's slightly more than half the Middle-East and Central Asia where we know that our number of security concerns you can pick up a paper and read about that quite a bit and U.S. is pulling back. Iraq is significant, I mentioned that last time and it remains a significant component of our pipeline today. It's both the Ministry of Interior as well as the Ministry of Defense we booked an order very recently in Q4, it's little small but I think it was significant. It has gotten through the vast majority of the licensing from the U.S. government. So it feels very, very good. We see opportunities in the country in Northern Africa that remained very robust, it's a Phase IV of what has been a long term multi-phased program for us where we have actually if constructed in-country assembly facility so we know we have got a lot of staying power with that particular country and then within the Middle-East the UAE looked strong, Jordon looked strong, Oman is strong, Saudi has gotten a little bit bigger over the last couple of months to quarter and we feel fairly good about those opportunities. The balance, the other half or little less than half are just as we have mentioned before collision countries, it's countries in APAC like Australia, Philippines and others, and in Latin America, Brazil looks pretty good, Mexico looks pretty good. As you know Brazil we were chosen for the early part of the (indiscernible) program, we see that accelerating through fiscal ’15. Long list of other opportunities but in general Joe, that is sort of shape of the pipeline.
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: And then just one more, R&D you mentioned I think was 5.3% in terms of IRAD. What’s your plan for FY ’15?
Bill Brown: Well when you look back since I came here 2.5 years ago we were about 4% of our revenue being spent in IRAD, Internal R&D and now IRAD is 5.3% so it has come up quite a bit in the last 2.5 - 3 years and we tried to point it towards those businesses where we have strong returns and strong growth opportunities based on technology and innovation so we pointed it directly at our tactical business and we have stepped up quite a bit as well in our government communications business. So it's 5.3%, it's a pretty healthy amount of spend. We believe we’re fully funding the best opportunities. We’re looking across the company now as a portfolio, as opposed to looking at the individual businesses on a (indiscernible) basis. We have a significant amount of engagement by our Board in R&D since it's such a significant investment and strategic to the company but as I go forward into ’15 we may see a slight tick-up but not to the magnitude we have seen in the last two to three years Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Carter Copeland of Barclays. You may begin.
Carter Copeland - Barclays: Just quickly on INS. It looks like with the growing pieces that IT services, it looks like it's probably down in the kind of mid-teens range in the guidance for next year, is that right? And can you comment at all on what the sort of underlying trends in the business are at NMCI.
Bill Brown: Yes let me sort of start and maybe Mick can jump in here a little bit. Clearly we still are in a relatively constrained government market, the procurements are slow, there has been a lot of competition on the IT services business and the government side of CapRock. Some of it's offset with some improvements on commercial CapRock as well as the commercial healthcare business. As we look out into fiscal ’15 total INS is down 7% - 8%. We see continued growth on the commercial side of CapRock which we see up high single digits as well as the commercial side of the healthcare business which will be up I guess a small piece up around 20% or so. And that’s going to be offset by a weak U.S. government IT services market, that will be down high-teens so your mid-teens is in the ball-park with more like high-teens. In the U.S. CapRock side of the government side, it will also be down a little bit sort of mid to high single digits but that’s coming off a very, very weak FY ’14 where our government side of CapRock was down in the mid-20s, say 24% - 25%. I think what’s significant here Carter is that we are seeing two things happening in the IT services businesses, one is the roll-off of the NMCI contract Mick, mentioned that, that’s where the $90 million of revenue and about 40 million of profit roll off between ’14 and ’15 and then the other part is we have decided to not sell in the net sense products IDIQ because it's simply passed through, business is coming through a zero gross margin and it is adding nothing to our shareholders. Those two pieces, those two decisions together are a $160 million worth of revenue. So you pull that out and it would make the hits business to be roughly flat year-over-year outside of those two moving parts and hopefully it gives you a little bit of color within INS and I answered your question but let me if there is anything else you want to know about INS?
Carter Copeland - Barclays: No that’s exactly it, I wanted to get to what the business looked like ex those movements so that color is really helpful. Just secondly if you could give us a little bit more color on PSPC for next year and the flat guidance there. I wondered if you might just talk about the environment there bookings trend, any challenges on state and local side, just anything to help us understand the directionality of that business next year and then beyond and if your views there have changed at all?
Bill Brown: It hasn’t changed a lot in the last three months since the last quarter, the issues we have in PSPC remain two fold, one is both the market itself and the market appears to be getting a little bit weaker than where we were just a couple of months ago and there is execution. I don’t want to pile on the execution issues. They are going to take a number of quarters to fix. We have seen some delays in the roll out of some systems due to some customer issues. I think we’re responding, as I mentioned last time we’re adding on the sales and marketing side. We’re investing in a product offering, we’re investing heavily to improve the quality of our software architecture and our product we’re selling into the field all of which I think are positive things, it will help us overtime but what I have seen is I really spend a little more time on this business. There is no silver bullet here. On the market side it is a bit weaker than where we thought just a few months ago, we now see the market to be down maybe flat to down mid-single digits as supposed to being more flattish and what I think is happening here we’re sort of caught between two pieces one is the rebanning that that happened and ended around January ’13 that had a positive effect and maybe pull forward some sales. And then on the right hand side or the later side is the investments that are coming down the path on LTE and when I think is we’re sort of stuck in the middle we’re winding down from the rebanning and state and local customers are waiting for the uptick on LTE and I think that’s what’s compressing the market that we’re in today. So, I think the state and local finances are a little bit better but we don’t see that reading through right now in opportunities for public safety. I think when you setup and you look at it longer term we do know that those analog systems that are out there and there is quite a few will shift to digital. LMR will move to LTE overtime. I think we’ve taken all the right steps to take out cost, to position our product to be successful, to upgrade our management team and I know we have got margin expansion opportunity so I think for Harris public safety will be a long term growth story. It is just going to take a little time for that to figure itself out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer:  Start with a couple of questions on RF. I think backlog total between tactical and public safety is down about 15% exciting 2014 relative to 2013 but your guidance for 2015 revenue is pretty close to flat. So I’m wondering what is it about either the backlog or the pipeline that gives you confidence that the turns business will be better than it typically is in 2015.
Bill Brown: Well I think on public safety we’re coming off of a fairly weak 2014, fiscal ’14 and in a market that’s softened down a little bit. I think we just hold share, we will see our business stabilize and we feel reasonably confident that we will see better performance in public safety in fiscal ’15 than ’14. It may not be up, but we’re guided to be about flat right now. I think on the tactical side look we do know that we’re ending the year with our backlog down a little bit it's about 24% year-over-year it declined sequentially by about 70%. We anticipated some decline or coming off of a pretty strong Q2 and Q3. So we thought that was going to end up happening. Typically what we see in the year is about 60% of our backlog converting to revenue in the subsequent year. We have some multi-year orders in our backlog today. Last year we converted about 60% of our backlog and 40% in the year before it was just over that around 61% - 62% so that’s not unusual. Then we’re also seeing in the 65% to 75% range of new orders converting within the year that’s what we have seen over last couple of years and we expect to see a same trend going into fiscal ’15. So when you put those two pieces together I think we’re pretty confident about the guidance and the outlook we have for both tactical and public safety. As we come back and look at just where we’re in the pipeline, the DoD pipeline down a little bit sort of the $900 million to $1 billion range so it's holding in there even without any HMS opportunities in there and with the international side remaining relatively healthy at 2.5 billion we do know that some of those opportunities will come to bear in fiscal ’15 and all that taken together is what gives us confidence on the guidance for next year.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer: And then in your prepared remarks you referenced I think 200 million to 300 million in unspent JTRS funding. I just want to make sure I understood you correctly, is your belief that will be repurposed in order to fill the fielding gap which will potentially be used for your products and if so over what time span do you expect that $200 million to $300 million to be spent?
Bill Brown: The $200 million to $300 million at the end of GFY ’15 was on the HMS line, on the MNVR we think it's sort of $60 million to $65 million in that range, so just to distinguish that. And yes there are, the army can buy SRW appliques against that funding and they can buy those appliques to plug some of the fielding gap. So that is our hope and expectation that some of that will happen over the course of the fiscal year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from (indiscernible) of Cowen. You may begin.
Unidentified Analyst: So a couple of questions, given that JTRS delays that you’ve outlined presumably the overall RF Tactical market opportunity has declined in fiscal ’16 even though I understand your reported pipeline had already excluded a lot of that JTRS opportunity out. Is that a fair assessment and if in fact the overall market opportunity is going to stretch that a bit. What do you think that should pertain for pricing even in the international market for tactical product?
Bill Brown: I think the market itself is going to be flattish in the next couple of years to be honest with you. I think the international side because we’re a big player on the international front. I think the international could be up modestly I think we did capture a little bit of share in our fiscal ’14 but it could be up modestly in our fiscal ’15. The fact that the pipeline, that’s over 12 to 18 months sort of hangs in there for U.S. DoD at the $900 million to a $1 billion range is an indication for the size of the market that happens to be out there in U.S. DoD. Just because of the HMS moving out and the funding is not in that pipeline we took that out last time. So that really doesn’t affect the way we see the marketplace. There are number of opportunities that we see coming on resets, modernization and other parts of the military services more than 60% of our U.S. DoD pipeline is outside of the U.S. Army, it's the airforce, it's SOCOM, it's the Marine Corp that are modernizing and standardizing on Harris technology and that still appears reasonably robust. When you talk about pricing we compete every day on pricing both in the U.S. DoD and outside of that and in every discussion we have and every contract we sign there is significant pressure on the pricing side. I think the fact that we bring significant technology to bear, you know product that delivers in the field with very, very, very good quality. I think it allows the hold on our pricing and our margins in the tactical radio business.
Unidentified Analyst: Don’t want to delever [ph] the point but you understand my question is not how you define the market it's how -- it's sort of how all players that the supply products that compete with RF tactical define the market and imagine on a net basis even though your pipeline is flat to up sequentially maybe the rest of the world wouldn’t see it that way and presumably drive some pricing pressure but I guess you just don’t see it that way, is that fair?
Bill Brown: We see pricing pressure in the markets that we happen to be but keep in mind when you’re deep with a particular service in a country those opportunities do tend to come back to you. We have incumbency in some markets. So when opportunities arise we tend to be at the front of the line for those kind of opportunities. We do have difficult pricing conversations with every one of our customers but I don’t see it increasing measurably next year from where we were at this past year on the international side.
Unidentified Analyst: And can you remind us of the 260 - 270 of R&D spend that you actually spent how much of that is directed at RF tactical in ’14 and then how are you adjusting that specific spend in RF tactical in fiscal ’15?
Bill Brown: There is a fair amount of the -- about 260 to 265, you’re very insightful on that number, it's in that range on internal R&D is spent at the RF Com business and the largest piece of that is within the tactical business. I think it's safe to say it's in the $100 million range but I don’t think I want to get much more specific than that, it's a substantial amount of money. As we go into next year there maybe a slight increase in that and may come from other parts of the company as we see good returns and good investment opportunities in tactical radio. We may see some shift, some of the increase that we saw in Q4 comes with adding of people and those people carry into next year so there will be a natural increase next year just because of the annulization of some of the investment we made in Q4, not a 100% of it but some piece of it. So a very good chunk of our investment is being spent in the tactical business. I would also say you can see the resilience we have in the GCS business 0 to up 2% next year relatively strong this past year, we have stepped up our internal R&D spend at GCS as well and I think that’s paying dividends as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one last one, if you can just comment RF tactical assumptions for your foreign sales mix for fiscal ’15 maybe between systems -- I think you’ve given some flavor on the mix is the mix more beneficial in that side of the business in fiscal ’15 than it was in ’14? Thank you.
Bill Brown: Yes we saw at the beginning of last year, we talked about this quite a bit because we expected it will provide a little bit of margin pressure that we would see substantial growth in the amount of systems we’re selling into international market. We expected at that time that the systems business would roughly double year-over-year. It increased quite a bit, it didn’t quite double it was up about 50%. And we see another increase going into next year of a substantial amount of the orders seemed relative a market magnitude of 40% more or less. This year, this past fiscal ’14 it was around a $180 million to $200 million worth of systems business on the international side and it will go up in the 35% - 40% range next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Quilty with Raymond James. You may begin.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Just want to follow-up on that FGCM Award, I know it's IDIQ but can you give us a sense of scale of the opportunity relative to your legacy program just order of magnitude how much big of an opportunity you see this has?
Bill Brown: It's going to be substantial. We have done in the range of $30 million to $50 million a year with the NGA and my comments and I will just repeat them here that that business should double over the course of the next year or two. I think it remains the same Chris, so I think that’s sort of shapes and sizes the opportunity at a pretty high level.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  And just talking about the HMS program when you look at the upcoming NIEs, how well do you feel your positioned in terms of having hardware in the field and the testing environment at any new requirements that have been placed on you?
Bill Brown: Frankly there has been a whole lot that’s been happening on the -- in that particular area. We just came off a 14.2, I think our performance on 14.2 was quite good. We felt very, very good about it and I think we’re well positioned in the upcoming NIEs. I think if you read and I’m sure you’ve Chris, a lot of what’s written in the press and memos by very senior people in the military about the performance of Program of Record in other parts. I think we feel very, very well positioned with our HMS offerings both the manpack and the Rifleman. We talked to you before about the advantages of our own manpack product. It weighs less, it's smaller, has all the waveforms, doesn’t need all the expensive appliques, it boots up quicker all those various things and we feel very, very good about that and I think when I look at some of the comments coming out of the military based on 14.2 about weight, size, battery life, heat dissipation. I feel very good about where our product is going to stack-up based on our long legacy of developing products in this area. We developed our manpack product with an eye towards keeping the weight low, with an eye towards making it heat and thermally efficient. So we think that that is going to be a performance differentiator for us overtime. So I feel very good about our product offering both in what we did in 14.2 as well as what’s coming up in fiscal ’15 and I hope that answered your question Chris.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: It does and an update on the Rifleman?
Bill Brown: The Rifleman is very -- we have got a great offering in the Rifleman radio, for us it's the U.S. equivalent to our international soldier radio. We sold 44,000 of those radios around the world and I like where we stack up there as well. We have got a product with a longer battery life in excess of 12 hours, shorter connect time to network and I think as you might have seen in the demo it has a unique dashboard display at the top providing operational network status. So battery life remaining, numbers of users on the net et cetera, it's NSA certified. So we feel very good about our Rifleman Radio product as well and I think over the last year-and-half you’ve been asking us quite frequently about NSA sort on the manpack and I did mention in my prepared remarks we got that in June. So both the manpack and the Rifleman are bought NSA certified at this point.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:  And final question the announcement you had on the hosted payload on Next I think 63 million, if I remember your contract with Iridium was for something like 45 million so was there upside to the program in terms of the number or amount of hosted payload activity? 
Bill Brown: Yes substantially. It's Aireon is a program. It's a joint venture between NAV Canada and Iridium and our contract is really with Aireon and it's to put payloads on to this constellation and the total amount of payload I think it's 66 satellites on orbit with -- on orbit spares and on ground spares. So I think it's total of 81 and there is 81 payloads just for Aireon and on top of that there have been other payloads booked with other customers for that constellation and hopefully that answers your question Chris.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: So this is upside on the -- I think it was 15% of the payload that you had reserved for classified customer activity and the upside is on that portion of it.
Bill Brown: I would just say that it is upside to what we anticipate it when we signed Aireon in terms of the payloads riding on that constellation. I think it's all that we can say.
Pamela Padgett: All right. Thank you everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today’s conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela A. Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President Miguel A. Lopez - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Lucy Guo - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Pamela A. Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Call. I'm Pamela Padgett. And on the call today is Bill Brown, Chairman and CEO; and Mick Lopez, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements.  In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, on this teleconference and the related presentation, we may discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everybody. Third quarter results were solid with revenue and earnings per share above prior year, which was impacted by the triggering of sequestration. Government Communications Systems and international tactical radio within RF Communications had excellent revenue growth in the quarter, and both segments produced strong bottom line performance. Our strategy to lower costs while increasing R&D to drive growth and international expansion is serving us well in this constrained government budget environment and was evident in this quarter's results. Company-funded R&D was up 10% in the quarter and for the year is expected to be up high single digits similar to last year's 8% increase. Total international revenue for the year for the company was up 39% in the third quarter and up 15% year-to-date. And we're on track to increase international revenue for the company from 26% in fiscal '13 to around 29% this year. Turning to Slides 3 and 4 of the presentation. Revenue was up 5%. Income from continuing operations was up 10%. And earnings per share was up 13% to $1.27. Earnings per share included a $0.02 net benefit from out-of-period adjustments, and Mick will describe the impact by segment. It's also worth noting that the prior year quarter benefited from a retroactive R&D tax credit of about $7 million.  Orders in the quarter were about $1.1 billion, and book-to-bill was 0.88. Year-to-date, book-to-bill remained above 1, and we ended the quarter with strong funded backlog of $3.3 billion, down a bit from the previous quarter's $3.4 billion but up 4% year-over-year. Strong international revenue growth drove revenues up 21% in Tactical Communications. International orders were up over the prior year and included 2 significant orders of $82 million and $49 million from countries in Asia that are part of larger opportunities. And we continue to make progress in the lengthy procurement process for what are significant, multiyear modernization opportunities in Iraq. Our international tactical pipeline is healthy, and it expanded a bit in the quarter to $2.3 billion from a previous $2.2 billion. The pipeline replenishing itself after the large orders we booked in our second and third quarters is encouraging as it points to continuing underlying market strength. It also reflects our strong competitive position and the investments we've made over the last several years in feet on the ground and new product development. And those investments are bearing fruit with the recent launch of 2 new products for the international market, the wideband HF radio and the multiband handheld radio, which achieved close to $100 million of revenue in the quarter. In the U.S. market, as expected, the Tactical business continues to be soft as a result of DoD budget pressures. Modernization is a significant opportunity. The services are committed and it's progressing, although slower than hoped. While constrained, the U.S. market is still substantial, and our 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline remains stable at $1 billion, up a bit from $900 million last quarter. Recent news on the Army's multibillion dollar modernization effort has been mixed. As we've talked about before, the Army's decision to change their procurement strategy to open competition and multi-vendor awards is a positive development for Harris. But it has caused a lengthy process of revising RFPs to reflect the new acquisition strategy and further delays for both the manpack and Rifleman Radio procurements. With procurements delayed, funding has pushed out.  The president's budget request reflects a 1-year cut in JTRS funding in government fiscal year '15 to around $185 million, rebounding to the $400 million annual level in GFY '16 to '19 pending the resolution of sequestration. The GFY '15 funding cut is likely due to the significant carryover of unspent funds from prior years that's built up from procurement delays. Earlier this month, progress was made when the Army finalized and awarded the $988 million multi-vendor IDIQ contract for SRW or Soldier Radio Waveform appliqué systems. Our offering is for 2 different solutions, and with our SRW appliqués already proven and fielded with the Army, we feel confident about our ability to compete. Prior to contract award, Harris received a $4.3 million order from the Army in July of 2013 and to date has sold $10 million in appliqués to the Army for earlier BCT fieldings. Now I want to highlight a couple of new product milestones in the quarter. We received our first order from a DoD customer for the new RF-340M multichannel manpack, which was originally developed to compete in the Army's JTRS procurement. This first order not only validates our solution but has appealed to customers other than the Army. And we're seeing strong interest from customers in the international markets as well. Our multichannel manpack is 1/3 smaller and lighter than the HMS program of record radio, and all of the waveforms are incorporated into the radio so the soldier doesn't need to carry add-on appliqués to run a full set of waveforms. We also designed expansion slots into the radio for accommodating a customer's unique mission requirements such as specialized waveforms, ISR capabilities like data links and signal detection or commercial SATCOM access. And we're taking this same radio to the airborne tier, where we'll have an equally capable and differentiated product. Another encouraging milestone on the JTRS front was receiving NSA certification on the RF-330E Wideband Team Radio, which was developed for the upcoming rifleman radio competition. And I'll finally mention reaching an important product milestone for incorporating the powerful MUOS waveform into our radios, successfully passing the fourth consecutive test event. MUOS, or the Mobile User Objective System, is the DoD's next-generation military SATCOM system, which I should mention also uses Harris reflectors and will deliver cellular-based service through tactical radios. We're not only embedding this critical capability into our new multichannel manpack but offering it as a separate software upgrade for existing Falcon III 117G wideband radios. This creates a unique opportunity to add MUOS capability to potentially 30,000 fielded Harris radios through a simple and fast software upgrade. It provides the DoD with a cost-effective and compelling solution for rapidly transitioning its inventory to MUOS-capable radios, and is an excellent way to maximize the use of the satellite infrastructure while awaiting JTRS procurements. And our customers agree. During the quarter, we received a $45 million order from a DoD customer who had current wideband radio requirements but also wanted the added flexibility of a software upgrade pack for future enhancements such as MUOS. This followed an initial order for $26 million that we received from this customer in May of last year. Now turning to Government Communications. Revenue was up 11% and higher again this quarter in all 3 business areas of civil, national intelligence and defense.  Diversification and leveraging core technologies to address adjacencies with existing and new customers is providing resiliency in the current budget environment. An excellent example of this success is the Aireon hosted payload program, which was a major revenue driver in the quarter, successfully completing critical milestone testing and beginning full rate production. Under the original agreement, Harris is providing 81 ADS-B receiver payloads to be flown on Iridium NEXT to provide a satellite-based global aircraft tracking system, a capability separate from the main mission of a constellation. But we've also added other customers and so far have increased the number of payloads by almost 50% above the original contract with the potential to add more, significantly increasing the value of this program.  This piggyback approach of using commercially hosted payloads to support multiple missions, both government and commercial, is more cost effective and significantly shortens the time to mission compared to the historical model of building and launching separate exquisite satellite solutions for each and every mission requirement. Harris is at the forefront of this new approach.  The Aireon program is the largest implementation of a commercially hosted satellite payload to date, leveraging our long and successful history of supplying space electronics and reflectors for government and commercial markets. In Integrated Network Solutions, the segment continues to be less resilient in the current environment and posted a weaker-than-expected quarter. IT Services, the profitable NMCI contract is winding down by the end of the fiscal year, and new awards have been slow to materialize. In Healthcare Solutions, we're implementing our new software platform at initial customer sites. And while we're making progress in proving out the technology, we need scale to reach profitability. In CapRock, the commercial business is progressing nicely and had good growth in the quarter but was more than offset by government weakness. The bottom line is that we're not satisfied with the results in this segment, and we're increasing our focus to improve performance. Now before moving to the discussion on segment information, I'd like to take a moment and introduce our new Chief Financial Officer, Mick Lopez. Mick joined us in February, and he brings more than 30 years of experience across a number of different companies such as IBM, Cisco Systems and Tyco. He joined us from a company called Aricent, a global services company owned by KKR and their affiliates where he was Chief Financial Officer. Mick has served in all the various finance functions in the U.S. as well as internationally in Brazil and Europe. He is a seasoned global finance executive who brings a passion for developing talent and driving excellence in financial systems and processes. So with that introduction, I'll turn it over to Mick to comment on segment results and revised guidance for fiscal 2014. Mick?
Miguel A. Lopez: Thank you, Bill, and good morning to everyone. It's a real privilege to join the team at Harris. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. RF Communications orders were $405 million compared to $486 million in the prior year. Revenue was $457 million, up 9% from $418 million last year.  In Tactical Communications, orders were $285 million compared to $297 million in the prior year. Tactical revenue was $335 million, up 21% from $276 million last year. In international, revenue and orders were strong and higher than in the prior year. In the United States, both revenue and orders were weak but in line with our internal expectations. Public Safety orders were $120 million compared to $189 million in the prior year. Revenue was $122 million compared to $142 million last year. The Public Safety market was weaker than expected. Operating income for the RF Communications segment was $144 million with a 31.4% operating margin. Excluding the out-of-period adjustment, operating margin was 30.8%. For the full year in RF Communications, we continue to expect flat revenue for the segment.  Tactical Communications revenue is up mid-single digit, which is slightly higher than previously expected on strength in international but offset by weakness in Public Safety. We now expect operating margin to be in a range of 30.5% to 31%. Let's turn now to Integrated Network Solutions segment on Slide 6. Despite growth in the commercial side of the segment, both orders and revenues were down compared to the prior year as a result of continued government market weakness. Revenue decreased 7% to $348 million and was down across the segment in IT Services, CapRock and Healthcare. Excluding the out-of-period adjustment, revenue would have been down 6% with government weakness more than offsetting a double-digit increase in commercial CapRock revenue. Segment operating income was $21 million, and operating margin was 6.1%. Excluding the out-of-period adjustments, operating margin was 7.3%. IT Services orders included a $21 million follow-on order from the Canadian Department of National Defense for the CF-18 Avionics Optimized Weapons Systems Support program. CapRock orders included $17 million from an international oil and gas drilling company. At Healthcare Solutions, we introduced FusionFX, a vendor-neutral suite of software tools that brings together patient information across the entire continuum of care. FusionFX provides flexibility and scalability as health systems grow, merge and consolidate. The solution is currently live in 3 customers covering 29 hospitals and has over 1,000 clinician and 40,000 patient users. For the full year, segment revenue is now expected to be down 8% to 9% and operating margin in the range of 7% to 8%. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in Government Communications segment was $477 million, increasing 11% from last year. Major revenue drivers included the Army's MET SATCOM terminals, F-35, FAA's NextGen DataComm program and the Aireon hosted payload program. Operating income was $77 million compared with $67 million in the prior year, and operating margin was 16.2%. Excluding the out-of-period adjustment, operating margin was 15.2%. Harris was awarded an 8-year, single-award IDIQ follow-on contract for $133 million for the U.S. Navy's Commercial Broadband Satellite program, bringing total potential program value to more than $250 million. Harris also received awards from classified customers totaling $59 million. For the full year, Government Communications revenue is now expected to be stronger than previously anticipated, at about flat for the year, with an operating margin of about 15.5%. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was $120 million versus $185 million last year. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $55 million compared to $49 million in the prior year due to continued investment in our new facility at Government Communications and enterprise software upgrades at RF Communications. We expect that free cash flow for the year will be about equal to net income. During the quarter, we used $64 million in cash to repurchase about 897,000 shares, which brings year-to-date repurchases to $214 million. We continue to expect full year repurchases of $300 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.8% and is now expected to be about 32.5% for the full year. Let's move on to Slide 9. Fiscal 2014 earnings per share guidance has been increased by $0.10 on the top and bottom end of the range to our new guidance of $4.90 to $5 per share. Revenue is now expected to decline 2% to 3% from last year. Back to you, Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Mick. The core of our company is providing mission-critical, advanced communications that are differentiated through innovation and technology. This is reading through in our solid results this quarter and our expectations for the year. Our commercial business model gives us a competitive advantage in the speed in which we develop and field new products with attractive margins. Our commitment to innovation will continue to bear fruit as the DoD adapts to operating under constrained budgets and relies more on industry to invest in new technologies that create affordable solutions that can be delivered quickly. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Lucy Guo of Cowen and Company.
Lucy Guo - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: This is Lucy Guo calling in for Gautam Khanna. So I wanted to ask about your opportunities in the Middle East. You have talked about continued progress toward a multiyear for Falcon III radios and upgrades in Iraq. And then similarly, Saudi is another area of opportunity. Do you have a better idea on the timing of these?
William M. Brown: Well, Lucy. First of all, thank you very much for the question. As I mentioned, the pipeline overall for international -- and I think you're referring specifically to the Tactical business, so let me just clarify that. The total pipeline is $2.3 billion. It was $2.2 billion last time. So it's still pretty good, and we've got about $900 million that are in the sort of the final stages, closure or proposal stage. So we're feeling pretty good about the advancement of opportunities through the pipeline. To your point about the Middle East, well, more than half of our pipeline is for the Middle East and Asia, and it really does relate to those issues I've talked about in the past, the security issues we do see, the U.S. pulling back from those markets. Iraq is a very big opportunity for us, and we've been working on this for a number of years. We've got an extremely good dealer in place there. It's probably one of the biggest multiyear opportunities that Harris and Tactical faces. We just yesterday were able to confirm that we received our very first order in the last couple of years in Iraq. It's for $15 million. So that is going to be booked in the coming days. We received confirmation last night. So that to me, Lucy, is good encouragement that these opportunities that we've been talking about for quite some time in Iraq are progressing, and we do see opportunities that are quite a bit larger than that in the near-term pipeline. We continue to have very, very strong business with that country in Northern Africa that we've talked about before. The UAE is a very big opportunity for us, as is Saudi, and we booked a number opportunities over the last year, year and a half. And we see more coming down the path. And that's a little more than half of our total pipeline for international. The other 25% or so is coalition countries that are deploying wideband. That's gaining some strength. We see continued -- about 15% of our pipeline in Latin America, in Brazil, Columbia, Mexico, remain the biggest opportunities in those marketplaces. But of course, there's other opportunities really around the world that are a little bit smaller in nature. But clearly, the biggest opportunity is in the Middle East, and I'm glad to be able to say that we've seen one come through the pipe late last night in Iraq. So thank you, Lucy.
Lucy Guo - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So as a follow-up, the SRW opportunity that you had booked an IDIQ contract on, how shall we think about that going forward?
William M. Brown: Well, I think we're very well positioned. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were 1 of 2 that have actually been selling SRW appliqués to the Army. They've been tested. We have actually 2 solutions that were bid. Of course, as you saw in the press release, there's 4 companies that received IDIQ awards, but we feel very good, very well positioned. And frankly, we're encouraged about the size of the IDIQ, $988 million total contract value, total possibility. And we're also encouraged by the fact that it is now finally out in the street and awarded, which means that there's some intention to place some orders against it, Lucy. So we're encouraged.
Operator: Our next question is from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Nice growth year-over-year. If I look at the guidance implied for the fourth quarter, it suggests less of a sequential increase than you typically see. Was there anything unusual about the third quarter results that make the fourth quarter compare more challenging this year? Is the seasonality in that business changing? Just if you can give us some sense of kind of what's been happening below the surface there.
William M. Brown: Yair, are you talking about revenue or operating margin?
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Revenue. But if you want to speak to operating margin, that will be helpful as well.
William M. Brown: Well, the revenue was up quite a bit in the quarter only because -- partly because of the easy compare, and I think we acknowledged that in the prepared remarks last year around third quarter. You remember, with sequestration being triggered, that caused some disruption in the business. But tactical international was extremely strong in the quarter, and that was the big driver in our third quarter. On the margin side, we did see very, very good margins over the course of the first 3 quarters of the year sort of on average for RF Comm in the 31.5% range. Of course, Mick did mention that we had a modest out-of-period adjustment that did help us in Q3 in the RF Comm segment. We've been saying before, and I'll mention it again today, that we do see our R&D investments, sales and marketing investments, ramping quite a bit. It didn't ramp as much in Q3 as we had anticipated, but they certainly will ramp pretty steeply in Q4 primarily for these modernization opportunities in the manpack and the MUOS developments that we've been focused on and I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we do see a pretty substantial ramp in investment coming in Q4. And also, we're a little bit impacted in the quarter by mix in the international side. So through the year, we're still in that 30.5% to 31%, and we feel pretty good about where we happen to be. And I think if you look at the numbers closely, you'll see that we're going to be up sequentially in Q4 from Q3.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then just another one on RF. In terms of the U.S. pipeline, can you reconcile the comments on the one hand in terms of the pipeline being up a little bit quarter-on-quarter? On the other hand, if you look at the 5-year budget for the DoD, it looks like there are pretty significant cuts in the forecasts in terms not just of JTRS but also of the MNVR radio.
William M. Brown: Yes, I would say, look, we -- we're floating around $900 million to $1 billion. And frankly, we're encouraged it's stable. I wouldn't read too much versus into $900 million versus $1 billion. Of course, you know that we get funding not just for those -- from those typical line items you see. At the high level, in comes in lots of line items buried in budgets, including from some O&M accounts. So I wouldn't -- yes, we're aware of some of the push-out of some of the bigger things that we've talked about in Army modernization, but there's lots of line items that drive it. So we feel comfortable at about $1 billion of pipeline. We are seeing, with the drawdown of activities in Iraq drawn down and Afghanistan drawing down, that there are some reset opportunities that are coming to bear. There are some modernization opportunities outside of the Army that are entering the pipeline. More than half of our pipeline itself is Air Force, Marine Corps, SOCOM modernization. And we've said before, they standardized on the Falcon III technology. So that still remains robust. And -- but if you go into the line item details, SOCOM funding remains pretty strong. We only see about 10% of our total pipeline related to Army BCT modernization. We do see a lot of other Army programs unrelated to modernization in our pipeline. So overall, about $1 billion, floating between $900 million and $1 billion. But again, I'm encouraged that's remaining about flat in the environment we happen to be in here.
Operator: Our next question is from Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a clarification and a couple of questions for you, Bill. The comment you made around the JTRS appropriations being down, yet the unspent funds, I think you implied, providing a bit of support. Does that kind of point to flattish overall funding profile or work profile there? Or is it just too uncertain with the procurement delays you talked about before?
William M. Brown: Yes, no, it's -- well, first of all, it's still very, very uncertain because in the President's budget, it assumes sequestration resolved, as you know, in GFY '16. That's still a wildcard out there. We know that. We recognize that. If you look in his budget for '16, all of the funding line items come back, snap back up. But we'll see, as the next year or 2 go by, whether that's actually going to take place. There is -- there are unspent funds in the JTRS procurement line items from prior years. It's in that range of $300 million, plus or minus. And there's -- I think with a little bit more coming in GFY '15, about $185 million, I think, is what's in the President's budget, we feel pretty good about the overall level of funding. The -- when we'll -- we talk about our own profile here, we've said that the JTRS Army modernization opportunities won't be impacting our fiscal '15. If anything, they're going to start to roll in, in our fiscal '16, and we've said that in our last call as well.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And on the INS side, Mick, I wondered if you might help us clarify. With respect to that 6% adjusted decline in revenues, how did the pieces compare to that average in terms of above or below at IT Services and Healthcare and CapRock?
Miguel A. Lopez: Yes, let me give some clarification about the out-of-period adjustments. As we noted, there were 2 of them. Neither is significant for total Harris and especially when netted out. And as we said, in total, they provided only $0.02 of earnings per share. For INS, there were the 2, where one was on post-employment benefits adjustment and the other one negatively affected their revenues and cost. The one for post-employment benefits positively impacted ESA, which is engineering sales and admin expenses, for all the segments. And for INS, we had some of that, but we also had about -- a drop in the revenue and a small increase in charges for the cost, and that dropped their margin by 1.2%. [Indiscernible].
William M. Brown: Yes, within -- yes, within INS, most of the positive benefit affected the IT Services business, and most of the negative benefit was booked within the CapRock segment.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, but with respect to -- you highlighted the downward pressure on the government SATCOM piece at CapRock. Was the CapRock piece the low -- the largest decliner in the quarter of the sub-groups?
Miguel A. Lopez: Go ahead.
William M. Brown: I'm not sure I'm following the question, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Within -- I was saying with respect to the whole group's sales growth, I'm trying to figure out, which one of the sub-groups within there was the largest decliner. I'm just trying to put some numbers around the comments around the declines at each one of the businesses.
William M. Brown: Yes, I think HITS was -- the IT Services business was down, as well as the government part of both CapRock and Healthcare were both down. And they were down pretty substantially in the quarter HITS. So in the sort of the in the 10%-ish range. And the other 2 businesses are down in -- north of 20%. But what we're encouraged by was the growth on the commercial side of CapRock, which was up in the quarter by 6% reported. When we adjust for this out-of-period adjustment that Mick mentioned, that affected revenue as well, CapRock commercial was up about 12% in the quarter. So hopefully, that hit the question, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, that totally helps. And then with respect to the comment in Healthcare that you made about scale, I mean, obviously, you've been through quite a restructuring process there and product rollout and whatnot. When you think about the scale you need to have to reach the kind of levels of profitability that you've outlined in the past, how does that compare to where you are today?
William M. Brown: Well, look, we've -- we have to grow the business. What I was encouraged about over the last 3 or 4 months is that the solution that we call FusionFX now, that the solution that's now installed and operating at 3 different customers, 29 hospitals, is stable, is performing well. Customer are excited about it. There's more clinicians coming on to the system, more patients coming on to the system. And I'm encouraged by this very complicated piece of software is stable. And that was our first hurdle to get over, was getting a piece of technology that worked, and I think we have something. Now what we have to do is find partners to help us grow and scale the business. This -- Harris is not -- does not have deep domain expertise in commercial health care. We don't have a robust channel that's built. And we're going to need some support, some partner help in growing our business. It will need to grow pretty substantially on the commercial side for us to reach profitability. But it's more important -- not so much the size, but as -- the mix has to shift from installing systems to converting to license revenue. And that will happen, Carter, as we bring on more customers and start to grow the business and scale the business.
Operator: And our next question is from Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Chris Sands on for Joe. I was hoping you could elaborate on kind of the outlook for Public Safety. It was kind of down again sequentially in the quarter. You talked about orders being up in the first half, but they wouldn't translate soon enough. When can we expect that to kind turn?
William M. Brown: Well, look, as we talked about last time, the -- in Public Safety, the issues that we're seeing is both market and execution. And I talked a lot about last time some of the sort of executional issues that we're seeing. Some of it is delayed rollouts of some systems. There are some customer issues that are associated with that. Some of it is getting in early enough on large procurements so we can shape the RFPs where we're adding sales and marketing resources, we're adding resources to improve our product offering. All of those things, we're working on. We've got some new leadership in place. We're augmenting our teams. But as I cautioned last time, these things will take time. They won't fix themselves over 1 or 2 quarters. It'll take a little bit of time. What we're also facing now today, though, Chris, is a weaker environment, and that is a little bit worse than we expected last quarter. And I think as our peers and competitors in the space will report, we're all seeing a bit of weakness. Part of it may be some of the rebanding that happened 1.5 years, 2 years ago and the effect it had on the overall market. We are seeing municipal budgets be better, but it's not flowing through into an uptick yet in Public Safety communications. That will over time, but we're not seeing it at the moment. It could be -- and I think it -- we have to believe that the prospect and uncertainty around how LTE will roll out has to be having some impact on how customers are thinking about investments in LMR digital technology with the prospect of LTE down the path. So we don't know how this is all going to shake itself out. We do see our Q4 being better than Q3, but I'm not going to call success in Q4, and we'll come back in late July when we give our Q4 report and our full year fiscal report and give some guidance for next year. We'll have a lot more insight into what's happening in the market, our ability to compete and what that might be for fiscal '15. But again, the market's a little bit softer today than we had first expected. Longer term, we know what's going to happen here. We know the customers' analog systems will have to shift to digital. We know that LTE is going to come at some point in time and customers will shift again. That's going to be a growth driver for the company. It's going to be a driver for the market itself. And we're investing to be prepared to be successful when those things happen.
Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up and switching to Government Comms. The margin was strong in the quarter. I mean, if you think going forward is around 16% something you can sustain going into fiscal '15? Or if not, what are some of the moving pieces there?
William M. Brown: Yes. I wouldn't get too far ahead of yourself on 16%. I think we had a very strong quarter. Again, it was 16.2%. But again, keep in mind, it was -- when you adjust for sort of the onetime, it was on the order of about 15.2%. So pretty much in line with where we've been year-to-date and what we're guiding to for the year. So again, we're still in that 15% to 15.5% range. The team in GCS continues to execute very, very well. The award fees, certainly in the front half of the year, were very, very good. We see -- we continue to see margins in this 13% to 14% being sustainable over time in GCS. Keep in mind as you know the market very, very well, as you roll on new programs, they tend to come in at lower margins. And over time, as you work and you drive efficiencies, you can try to extend the margins is what we've seen. So it will depend upon the mix of new programs. As we see, like the DCIS, the NVS, programs in FAA roll in, they tend to come in at lower margins, and that's going to impact GCS over time. So I'd keep in my mind 13% to 14%, not 16%.
Operator: Our last question is from Josh Sullivan of Sterne Agee.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'll just go back into that government operating margin question. You guys, obviously, did a lot of restructuring last year, and it's obviously having an impact here. But can you maybe give us an idea of the longevity of these actions just given your fixed contract mix and these re-competes coming up? I mean, how should we think of timing-wise that rolling through?
William M. Brown: Yes, look, the -- clearly, 15%, 15.5% margins this year are positively impacted by some of the restructuring activities. It's impacted by some of the activities in driving operational excellence at GCS. A lot of it is they just have been performing very, very well. They've got tremendous customer intimacy. And that -- when you perform well on time with that focus on the customer mission, what ends up happening is the award fees tend to be relatively strong, and that's, in fact, what happened. In operational excellence, when we provide guidance to investors in this area, we do it specifically knowing that some of what we say needs to go back to the customer when we have cost-plus-type programs. Roughly half of GCS is fixed price and roughly half is cost-plus. So a lot of what we see in restructuring and operational excellence programs does roll through and affect our ROS. And that is what you're seeing this year, in fact last year in the growth over the last couple of years. Again, as we go out into next year, we'll provide guidance in late July on what we see to be the revenue and market environment, the ROS for GCS into fiscal '15. But again, I keep in my mind in that 13%, 14% range over time as opposed to the very strong performance we're seeing this year of around 15.5%.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last one on CapRock. The government weakness, how much of that is related to just OPTEMPO in Afghanistan versus, say, sequestration?
William M. Brown: It's some of that but not the bulk of it. A lot of it has to do with 1 year or 2 ago, the -- there was a contract vehicle that was opened up and competed on with some of the satellite owners, and they won a contract vehicle and they are basically providing some bandwidth directly to the U.S. government, which in the past went through "brokers" like our CapRock government business. So that is now going direct, and it's impacting our business. We're seeing some pricing pressure in our terrestrial business as well, which has been opened to competition as well. We're seeing some pressure on that side. There is some related to the drawdown. That's not bulk of it.
Pamela A. Padgett: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Brown – President, Chief Executive Officer Gary McArthur – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Pamela Padgett – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Carter Copeland – Barclays Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer Bill Loomis – Stifel Nicolaus Joe Nadal – JP Morgan Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co. Josh Sullivan – Sterne Agee Rich Valera – Needham & Co. 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Harris Corporation’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If you require any assistance during the call, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma’am, you may begin.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. I’m Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO, and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we’ll discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures are included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of the call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I’ll turn the call to you.
William Brown: Okay, well thank you, Pam, and good morning everyone. Second quarter results were solid with earnings per share and orders above prior year. Our focus on cost savings continues to drive good performance in a tough U.S. government market, and international orders and revenue were both particularly strong, highlighting significant progress in our strategy to expand outside the U.S.  Turning to Slides 3 and 4 of the presentation, earnings per share was $1.27, up 2% on revenue down 5%. Good program execution as well as company-wide operational excellence initiatives, including the benefit of prior year restructuring actions, drove operating margin for the company 50 basis points higher year-over-year and up in each segment. Orders were up 8%, driven in large part by a 35% increase in tactical communications on strength in the international market. Orders were also higher in CapRock’s energy and maritime markets as well as in IT services. Book-to-bill was 1.20 for the company and we ended the quarter with funded backlog of $3.4 billion, up both year-over-year and sequentially.  As we mentioned in the call last time, our international tactical radio pipeline was firming up and in the quarter we booked a number of significant international orders across a broad customer base, including $100 million from Australia, $49 million from a country in the Middle East, $36 million and $21 million from two NATO countries, and $28 million from a country in Latin America, all of which are multi-year programs and carry additional follow-on opportunities both within the 12- to 18-month pipeline and beyond. Now typically once we become a tactical radio supplier of choice in a country, additional follow-on opportunities tend to flow to Harris. Australia is a great example. Our relationship with Australia goes back decades and orders to date have now exceeded half a billion dollars, including the recent $100 million order for Phase III of their modernization program, and we still see significant opportunity ahead of us. Even after strong bookings in the quarter, our international tactical pipeline remains robust at $2.2 billion with other significant opportunities that we’ve discussed before, such as Iraq and two countries in central Asia, making good progress through the procurement process and moving closer to award.  On the U.S. DoD side, tactical radio revenue was weaker in the quarter as expected due to budget constraints and as customers operated under a CR; but we also had some good news with the U.S. Army officially changing its procurement strategy for the JTRS, Manpack and Rifleman radio programs to full and open competition and a multi-vendor award. The Army’s tactical radio modernization remains a tremendous multi-billion dollar opportunity for Harris, and we’re also encouraged that the Army’s plans are well funded in the budget. We believe our unique commercial model, which drives speed and innovation, and the scale advantage provided by our extensive international presence will continue to make us highly competitive in all the Army’s procurements.  In our INS segment, as mentioned in our last call, we’ve booked a five-year contract with Carnival for broadband data and communications services across their fleet of 103 ships. This is a big win and, following closely on the heels of an earlier win with Royal Caribbean, gives us more than a third of the global passenger cruise market. As we’ve seen with Royal Caribbean, the unprecedented bandwidth we’re delivering to a cruise ship is causing cruise operators to rethink the services they can provide to improve passenger experience and crew morale, driving bandwidth demand far higher than anticipated in the base contract. This is a real positive development for our growing cruise business. Now before turning it over to Gary to discuss segment financial results, let me make a few comments on the recent budget deal. First of all, it mitigates the sequester burden and is a good first step towards more certainty in the government market. At the funding line level, we saw no big surprises. Our major programs within government communications are well supported, including all three FAA programs – FTI, next-gen data comm, and next-gen voice switching, our classified programs, as well as GOES-R, F35, and F18.  In tactical radios, the typical visible spending lines are about what we had expected. The MMVR and HMS budgets were well funded at a level to support upcoming procurements. There was no cut to SOCOM, and the Navy, the Marine Corps and Air Force took a little haircut from the President’s budget request but were in line with what we had planned. Foreign military funding is up about 3% overall versus the prior year, and at the country level our international FMF opportunities are well supported. Of course, we need to see how the funding flows down to individual programs, but overall from what we’ve seen so far, these are positive signs. So as we look ahead, we have a little more budget certainty, more traction in international markets, and we continue to ramp up our operational excellence initiatives to reduce cost while funding investment in R&D and sales and marketing, all of which have increased our confidence and led to us raising our fiscal ’14 earnings guidance.  And now I’ll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance for 2014. Gary?
Gary McArthur: Thank you Bill and good morning everyone. Moving to segment results on Slide 5, RF communication orders were $512 million compared to $402 million in the prior year and up 27%. Revenue was up $455 million, down 6% from prior year of $486 million. Book-to-bill was 1.13.  In tactical communications, orders were $387 million, up 35% while revenue was $320 million, declining 5%. Both orders and revenue in the U.S. were weak, as anticipated, while international revenue and orders were strong. Book-to-bill for tactical was 1.21 and funded backlog increased sequentially from first quarter’s $664 million to $730 million. Compared to this time last year, backlog is up 30% and trending positive. Public safety revenue in the quarter was $135 million, declining 9% due to continued weakness across system and terminal sales in the state and local markets. Public safety orders were $125 million, up 8%, and while orders have picked up and are up 10% in the first half, they will not turn into revenue fast enough to drive revenue growth in the year, and we now expect revenue to decline mid to high single digits for the full fiscal year. The weakness is at last partially due to the market, which was up 8% in calendar ’12 when our revenue grew 12%. It was about flat in calendar ’13 with our revenue falling 7%. We’ve responded by adding resources to drive growth, including investing in sales, marketing, and new product development, and we expect top line recovery to begin next fiscal year.  Operating income for the RF communications segments was $142 million with a 31.3% operating margin in the quarter compared to prior year’s 31.1%. For the full year in RF communications, we still expect flat revenue; however, we now expect tactical communications revenue will be up low single digits, driven by stronger international growth offset by revenue decline in public safety, and we still expect an operating margin of about 30% for the year. Turning now to Slide 6 and integrated network solutions, second quarter segment revenue decreased 9% to $366 million. Revenue growth in CapRocks energy and maritime markets and flat revenue in IT services was more than offset by lower government revenue in both CapRock and healthcare. The government market for both of these businesses has been more challenging than expected, with tighter funding and increased competition.  Segment orders were up year-over-year and were higher than revenue due to IT services and in CapRock’s energy and maritime markets. CapRock also received a $75 million follow-on order from DISA to provide end-to-end managed terrestrial network services. IT services orders included $61 million from the U.S. Navy to extend continuity of services on the Navy Marine Corps intranet program through the end of our fiscal year, and a $53 million follow-on order to operate and support the U.S. Air Force Space Command’s 50th Space Wing. IT services also was awarded a position on the six-year multi-vendor NETCENTS-2 Product IDIQ contract from the U.S. Air Force with a $9 billion ceiling value. Integrated network solutions segment operating income was $33 million, flat compared with the prior year. Operating margin was 8.9% and improved compared to 8.2% in the prior year as cost savings initiatives offset the impact of lower revenue and margin pressure from a very competitive government market environment.  Looking ahead to the full fiscal year for the segment, we now expect the strength in CapRock’s commercial business, which is trending towards double-digit growth, will be more than offset by a weaker than expected government market in CapRock and healthcare and a slower revenue ramp in commercial healthcare. Revenue for the segment is now expected to be down 5 to 6% and operating margin to be in the range of 8 to 9%. Moving to Slide 7, revenue in government communications was $433 million, increasing 1% from the prior year and higher in all three customer areas – civil, classified, and for the first time in nine quarters, defense. Major drivers included higher revenue from classified and space customers, the ramp-up of FAA’s next-gen data comm program, and the start of full-rate production on the Army’s MET sat comm terminal program, all of which was partially offset by lower revenue from NOAA’s GOES-R weather program. In the quarter, Harris received orders of $46 million from the FAA for the next-gen data comm program and $31 million for avionics infrastructure for the F35 program, as well as awards totaling $121 million from classified customers. Operating income was $66 million and operating margin was strong at 15.4% as a result of good program performance. For the year, we now expect government communications revenue to be stronger than previously anticipated and have increased guidance from a range of down 5 to 7% to now down 1 to 3%. We also expect a stronger operating margin closer to 15%.  Turning to Slide 8, free cash flow was $55 million versus $120 million last year, and capital expenditures were $52 million compared to $39 million in the prior year. Free cash flow was negatively impacted by a billing rate dispute with the U.S. government, which is close to being resolved, and tactical orders booking late in the quarter. We continue to expect free cash flow to be equal to or higher than net income. During the quarter, we repurchased about 787,000 shares for a total cash outlay of $50 million, bringing first half repurchases to $150 million. We now expect full-year repurchases of $300 million versus prior guidance of $200 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.6%, and we still expect about 33% for the full fiscal year.  Moving to Slide 9, 2014 EPS guidance has been increased from a range of $4.65 to $4.85 to a range of $4.80 to $4.90. Revenue guidance remains unchanged with an expected decline of 1 to 3%.  With that, let me turn it back to you, Bill.
William Brown : Okay, well thank you, Gary. On these calls, I try to report the good with the bad, and this quarter is no exception. Overall, we had a balanced quarter with solid earnings, encouraging orders, and increasing backlog, with a number of positives including international strength, stronger revenue in government communications, IT services performing well in a touch market, and commercial CapRock gaining momentum. But as Gary pointed out, there are pressure areas as well: performance in public safety, healthcare not maturing quickly enough, and a more challenging CapRock government market. I can assure you that all of these areas are getting a lot of attention from senior management. I know we have a lot of work to do and we’re going to say focused on it until we can demonstrate sustainably better results. So with that, I’d like to ask the operator to open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Carter Copeland of Barclays. You may begin.
Carter Copeland – Barclays: Hey, good morning all. Just a couple of quick ones. On PSPC weakness, I wonder if you might just give us a little more color and help understand what’s going on there. You mentioned timing of contracts, but then also mentioned investments in new products. I wonder is this more of a tighter competitive environment or is it more of a timing related, end market customer sort of effect? Anything you can do to help us understand that better?
William Brown: Yeah, Carter. I think it’s a combination of both things. As Gary mentioned, we do see it’s partly the market. The market was pretty strong in CY12 – calendar ’12 – and we were up above the market, so we gained a bit of share. That reversed itself in calendar ’13 when the market was more flattish and we were down 7, including down about 11 in our first half of our fiscal year. So part of it is the market. As I said on this call last number of quarters, about eight of our last 10 quarters, we had book-to-bill less than 1, and although we saw orders grow year-over-year in the first half – in fact, up about 12% in Q1, 7-ish in Q2 – it’s mostly in our programs business, and that adds to backlog, which is positive for us, but the revenue impact from that is likely to move out of our fiscal year and into fiscal ’15. As I said last time, I think we’re really doing all the right things to grow our business. We are investing in sales and marketing. We’re adding sales people to drive our terminals business to capture large systems, to work to convert some of the old analog systems to P25, including our own EDAC system. So we’re adding sales and marketing resources, and that does take time to return. We’re also investing in new product development to add features, to expand our offering, and to reduce the cost of our product offering. Again, that also is adding cost and will pay back, we believe, over time. I think as I step back, I think the backlog remains pretty solid. It’s about $600 million, which is pretty much in line with where we were in fiscal ’13 sales, so at least going backwards it’s about all of our ’13 sales in backlog today. The opportunity pipeline is pretty good, it’s pretty healthy. We do think the market is going to return to its historic growth rate of 3 to 5% range over time, and we think with the investments that we’re making and the organizational model we’re putting into place, we think this could be a nice growth business for us. Those are all the effects that are happening right now; we just don’t see it returning in the back half of our fiscal year.
Carter Copeland – Barclays: Okay, great. And with respect to the RF guidance, obviously you would assume that was a positive mix benefit with the tactical versus PSPC shift in the revenues, but the margin guidance didn’t change. Is that it just wasn’t material enough to change it, or is there anything we’re missing there?
William Brown: No, that would naturally drive you to that conclusion. We so see some mix shifts in the back half. We saw big international orders in the quarter which will turn into revenue in the back half, and the international business, especially with the systems and the product mix that we’re seeing there, comes in at slightly lower margins than we have typically seen in the past. But I think the bigger factor is that in December, an official Army notification came out that opened up to full competition and multi-vendor the HMS program, and we purposely held back investment on that until that officially came out. We now will step up substantially in the back half on R&D investment. We’re in that business and we think we’re going to be very, very competitive, and we’re going to invest to be competitive. So I think it’s more of a factor of the investment we see coming in the back half in IRAD.
Carter Copeland – Barclays: That’s great. Thanks. I’ll let somebody else ask.
William Brown: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer: Great, thank you. A question about INS – the reduction in revenue outlook there was fairly dramatic, I guess fortunately offset by government communications. Can you step through the elements of that reduction for the year?
Gary McArthur: Sure Yair, let me touch on that. What we’re really seeing is further weakness in the government areas of CapRock and in healthcare being more severe than expected. As we talked about in my remarks, competitive pressures are higher than we thought they would be. I think the government reduction in spending in these areas has only increased that. Now, we’ve taken steps that we think will make us more cost competitive in the back half, but we do see that that part of the business is going to more than offset what we expect to have as double-digit growth in the CapRock, energy and maritime businesses, and hits doing a little bit better than the 10% down we said in the first half. We think it will be now kind of low single digits down in the second half, is why we came up with the guidance that we just provided.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer: Great. And then just one more – your headquarters expenses stepped down nicely in the quarter, and I just wanted to know whether the rate that we saw in 2Q is the right way to look at things going forward or whether there was anything that kept the expenses unusually low in 2Q.
William Brown: We see quarter to quarter some variations, and if you go back a number of quarters, you’ll see some things moving around. But Yair, the long-term trend has been to bring down our corporate headquarter expenses starting a couple of years ago, based on where the market happens to be, so it’s part of a trend but I wouldn’t read too much into the quarter-to-quarter gyration.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer: So for the full year, something in the low 60’s is still the way to think about it?
William Brown: Yeah, that’s probably in the right ballpark.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Loomis of Stifel. You may begin.
Bill Loomis – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thank you. Just staying with INS, a couple more questions on that. On your commentary, you said CapRock commercial was trending towards double-digit. Was it double-digit growth in the quarter, and it sounds like you certainly expect it in the second half, so what type of growth for the year are we seeing on CapRock commercial?
William Brown: Well, very strong orders in the first half on the commercial side. The revenue will follow that, so the revenue’s positive growth wasn’t double digit in the first half but we do see it getting a bit stronger in the back half of the year on CapRock commercial.
Bill Loomis – Stifel Nicolaus: And then on the commercial healthcare, what’s the update now on Carefx and how do you see that, and even more importantly on the margin side, how has that been impacting margins? How has it factored in in the second half?
William Brown: You know, Bill, on the healthcare business, about 70% of our business in healthcare is with the U.S. government, and I think we mentioned last time we lost a lot of re-competes at the VA where the market has shifted from development to sustainment that requires a lower cost structure. We’ve leveraging what we have on our hits business, which was a very low cost structure, low RAP rate to improve our competitiveness on the government side, but I don’t see that coming back in here. So that’s on the government side of healthcare. On the commercial side, it’s about 30% of a relatively small healthcare business is commercial, so read into that about $30 million to $40 million in revenue. We are seeing a slower ramp of our clinical integration software. We are installing it in four different customers in North America. We have a pilot going on in the U.K. with a partner in British Telecom.  It’s not a shrink wrap-type installation. It requires several months to connect all the departments, the clinics, the hospitals in the network. We are at the beginning stages of the roll-out. It’s too early to call success, but keep in mind it’s a relatively small part of the overall company. On the margin side if you go back, and I’ll talk about really healthcare overall because that’s the broader entity, we had a pretty big loss in fiscal ’12. It was in the $18 million range. We reduced it last year to about $7 million. We’ve seen some contract losses again this year in the VA. The spend for software development on the commercial side, which has moved towards expense from being capitalized, is also causing us some losses in the fiscal ’14 area, and it’s undermining our progress. We lost about $8 million in the first half of the year in healthcare as a whole. We took a lot of actions in the second quarter which we think will improve our second half results, but clearly we need to see a customer ramp-up and higher revenues to drive us to being profitable in the healthcare business.
Bill Loomis – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe Nada with JP Morgan. You may begin.
Joe Nadal – JP Morgan: Good morning. Bill, you highlighted several times the international strength in RF, and I was wondering if you’d be willing to share what percentage of your tactical communication revenue this year, you think now will be international, or maybe percentage of the backlog or some such metric.
William Brown: I’m not sure we’ll get into the backlog, but I think we’ve said we’ve seen a trend moving from international being less than DoD in the past, especially when we had the pretty big ramp-up in fiscal ’10, ’11, to now international is higher than DoD. And I know Pam is going to cringe, but it’s probably in a 60/40 range, international to DoD this year on a revenue basis.
Joe Nadal – JP Morgan: Okay, that’s helpful. And then could you provide your—you gave us your pipeline for international. Could you give us that for domestic and then also for public safety?
William Brown: I’ll ask maybe Gary on the public safety side. On the DoD side, our pipeline, 12- to 18-month pipeline is now about $900 million. You may recall we had $1.1 billion in the last call. About $250 million of the 900 is in pretty advanced stages of closure – it’s in proposal and closure phases. Mostly supported by fiscal ’13 and ’14 funding lines plus what we’ve always said some not-so-visible lines, about 55% of that backlog of—or that pipeline, rather, of $900 million is Air Force, is the Marine Corps, it’s SOCOM. It’s all the modernization activities there, all of which are standardizing on the Falcon 3. About 10% of our pipeline is Army BCT modernization. Last time, that was 25%, so about $250 million or so. Today, it’s 10% of the 900, so we’ve backed out based on what we’re seeing in those big HMS programs from our pipeline, because that’s moving out to the right. And the other 10%-ish is Army, there’s 10% of so that’s spares and services, a few other percentages that are more in specialized-type products – ISR, tablets and other things. But it’s $900 million today for DoD.
Joe Nadal – JP Morgan: And then just on the public safety side?
Gary McArthur: On the public safety side, Joe, the pipeline is pretty healthy at $2.4 billion, and looking at the make-up of the pipeline, there’s a lot of different opportunities across the board in the state and local. It really isn’t the pipeline that’s the issues; it’s projects moving to the right and our win rate isn’t where it needs to be, is the key area we’ve got to improve on.
Joe Nadal – JP Morgan: Okay, and then just one more quick one. Bill, you upped your share purchase guidance for the year by 100 million. How are you thinking, a little more broadly speaking looking forward, not just for this year but into next year, about cash deployment – you know, dividend, repurchase, and any M&A?
William Brown: Well, we look at this on a long-term basis, and nothing that we see today, no current event is changing our strategy on capital deployment. We remain committed to returning cash to shareholders in a small, efficient way, and if you remember and go back the last three years, we’ve returned in the form of share repurchases and dividends about 90% of our free cash flow. We continue to target a dividend payout ratio of about 30%. As Gary mentioned, we now expect about $300 million in our share buyback. Joe, you remember going back a couple of years, we really have focused on free cash flow. It’s now become part of our executive incentive compensation metrics. We’re confident about achieving our full-year target of about 100% of net income, and we are fully funding all of our internal needs. We don’t see any significant M&A on the near-term horizon. We have no debt that’s due until the 2017 time period. We’re pretty comfortable with $300 million or so of cash on our books, which we typically carry towards the end of the year. And as you run all that math, it leaves us with some excess cash, some of which we’ve now chosen to return to shareholders in a step-up in our buyback in the second half. So that philosophy, that approach, that focus on free cash generation, I don’t expect is going to change going forward any time soon.
Joe Nadal – JP Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning everyone. I wondered if you could go back to the announcement of jitter’s HMS moving to multi-vendor. Is there anything you can share with us from a timeline perspective in terms of what you may expect or what we can look for on milestones along the way with the competition and eventual rewards?
William Brown: Yeah, Noah, there was an industry day back in December, and there was some light shed on how the program is now expected to roll out. Overall, we’re seeing about a six to seven-month delay from what we had previously communicated. It’s primarily due to the change in acquisition strategy, which we view as a positive. We now see for the Rifleman radio program above HMS, we see the RFP coming out probably in the next month or so – we heard January, February of ’14, so in the next month, with an award probably the end of this calendar year. It says in the documents Q1 fiscal ’15, so I’d read into that December of this year with first shipments starting in March of ’15. For the Manpack, we expect the RFP to come out sometime around April of this year, so a couple months later. The award in Q2 of fiscal ’15, so again I read into that about March of calendar ’15 with a shipment that’s starting around April of 2015, all of which are in support of the NIE of 16.1 and the fielding for capabilities at 16.  So when you look at the numbers and where the movement is, we did pull this out of our 12- to 18-month pipeline, as I mentioned to Joe’s question. It then results in relatively limited sales for us at Harris Corporation in fiscal ’15, more of a ramp in that business more starting in fiscal ’16.
Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then Bill, I also wanted to ask you with the momentum you seem to be experiencing internationally, I’m curious is there something that’s changed in the last three to six months about the total broader U.S. contractor selling internationally process, or is this more Harris company-specific stepping up the effort there?
William Brown: I guess—you know, I do see a lot of our peer companies stepping up their efforts to sell internationally, and you hear that in a lot of the calls. I think for Harris, international has been a big focus for us over many, many years, and we have an extremely well established dealer base, especially on the tactical side, and we saw international revenue step back while the DoD was pushed pretty hard over the last five, six, seven years with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We are pushing international very, very heavily and have been since I came a couple of years ago. We’ve stepped up our focus. We’re driving it very hard. We’re putting resources in place. We recently announced the appointment of a new president of our Brazil operations and we’re putting some resources there. We’re pushing hard in the Middle East, we see good growth in Asia. So I think some of it is just what a lot of our peers are trying to do. I do think we have somewhat of an advantage because we have a very well established base and we’re driving it very hard. So our numbers, if you go back to fiscal ’10, our revenue coming from international sources as a percent of the total was around 10%. Last year it was around 26, and this year we expect it to be in the 29%-plus range. So I think overall, pretty good results.
Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just one other quick one. The CAPEX number stepped up pretty noticeably in the quarter, which it doesn’t usually do seasonally. What drove that, and what does that do in the back half?
William Brown: Yeah, we’ll see this year capital spending to be up over last year, and it’s really just a couple of things. One is we’ve got a building we’re constructing for the GCS business in Palm Bay, a new engineering facility which was started a number of years ago, and we’ expect to complete that by the end of this year or early calendar ’15; and then a pretty big software investment upgrade at RF communications. So those are the two biggest events, and that will drive our capital spending up as a whole this year for Harris.
Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs: Have you quantified that for the year?
Gary McArthur: Yeah, I’d say year-over-year it will be up about $70 million just in those two areas - $50 million up this year in the building and about $20 million higher year-over-year for the software. And total CAPEX, I think we report in the Q and we’re expecting around $250 million for capital expenditures this year.
Noah Poponak – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gautam Khanna of Cowen. You may begin.
Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Hey, thanks. I was hoping you could comment on the $2.2 billion foreign pipeline and maybe just articulate how that looks over the next six months versus over the balance of that 12- to 18-month period.
William Brown: That’s a good question, Gautam, and I’m not sure we’ll get at the next six months. I think that’s cutting that a little bit tighter than we’d want, but I’m happy to comment on the shape of the pipeline and then you can read in what you wish. But as we mentioned, it’s about $2.2 billion. It’s about the same as the first quarter, and we have about $600 million that are in the proposal and closure phase, so I guess you could read that that is more near-term than the balance of the pipeline. It is very healthy. It continues to firm – we feel pretty good about that. As I said last time, more than half of it comes out of the Middle East and Asia. We know that Iraq is a big part of our pipeline. There’s a country in Africa. We see several other countries in the Middle East, a couple countries in central Asia. All are in that category that gives us confidence that more than half of it is coming from the Middle East and Asia. We see about 15% or so coming from coalition countries that are deploying wide-band, and you see that as some of the big order that came in Q2. In Australia, we see more opportunities over the next 12 to 18 months, and we see Latin America firming up – that’s about 15 to 20% of our pipeline. Brazil looks pretty good, Mexico looks pretty good, Colombia, a few other countries there are in that pipeline. And the rest would be just a group of smaller countries sprinkled in there. So that sort of gives us some characterization of our overall pipeline. I wouldn’t comment more than that on what the next six months may look like.
Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Fair enough. Within the Middle Eastern piece, which it seems like you have a concentration, are there any that stand out as particularly large awards, and if you could just give us a sense for the size of those. I mean, Iraq you’ve mentioned in the past, but—
William Brown: Yeah, what we’ve talked about is—I mean, Saudi’s got a pretty big long-term pipeline. Certainly Iraq is pretty sizeable. UAE is a good opportunity for us. I think those are the more significant ones, but there are opportunities going forward in, we believe, Oman and Yemen and Jordan and other places. But I think those are the biggest ones.
Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: And then if you could just comment—I mean, on the HMS multi-vendor, how do you expect to—how are you going to manage margins in that environment, because presumably with multi-vendor, you’re going to have persistent price competition on the incremental orders. So if you could just walk through what you expect pricing to do over the next several years and how you expect to manage the margins, thanks.
William Brown: Well Gautam, it’s a very good question and I know it’s on the minds of many people. The RFPs aren’t out yet, so it’s tough to comment on what the pricing is going to be or pricing trends, but I would say relative to that particular program – and I alluded to this in my prepared remarks – we’ve got enormous scale in this business with a very, very large international tactical radio business that’s manufactured along the same lines that we manufacture our DoD business in one facility in Rochester, New York, so that gives us very big scale advantages and I think that could be brought to bear to be very price competitive, where we need to be from a pricing perspective, and yet still maintain strong margins in that business. I also don’t think it’s necessarily over time going to be just simply a price shoot-out on task orders because we will continue to invest, as we always do, in driving innovation, and we will always invest to put more technology into the product to differentiate our solution and hopefully that will end up allowing us to preserve pricing and preserve margin in the business. So that’s our expectation, but you should expect that with the investment we’re making in R&D in the back half stepping up from the front half, that we’re committed to the business and we’re going to invest to win.
Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Maybe I’ll just ask another one, then. You mentioned—you know, in MMVR, you basically were the 100% share winner. On HMS, do you have a sense for where the government wants to go, whether they want to split it 50/50 or among three suppliers, or are they going to be comfortable awarding a large percentage of the requirement to one vendor?
William Brown: Yeah, we really don’t know, Gautam, at this point. In fact, we believe there’s going to be multiple vendors – going to be at least two – and it depends on what the program of record does – is it going bidding as one or is it going to be bidding as two on the Manpack and the Rifleman? And it depends. So if they bid as two and us, that could be three awards. How the government decides to split it up is unknown to us. We’re confident that there’s a long-term, big opportunity based on the acquisition objective, which in the ADM that came out in December didn’t—it was reemphasizing the same sets of numbers that we’ve seen in the past in terms of the Manpack. So we don’t know how many bidders are going to be there, but we fully expect to be one and we fully expect to win our fair share of the awards going forward.
Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co.: Thanks a lot.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, I think we have one more person in the queue.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Sullivan of Sterne Agee. You may begin.
Josh Sullivan – Sterne Agee: Good morning. On the energy side of CapRock, has the success been (audio interference) the existing rigs or moving on to these new, larger, more sophisticated deepwater rigs?
William Brown: You know, it’s really both actually. We are winning more content on existing rigs, and we are finding ways of winning share in some of the new vessels that are being launched, so it’s really both of them, Josh.
Josh Sullivan – Sterne Agee: Okay. And just on the Carnival wins, what does the contract structure look like? Is it a big, upfront payment with a long tail in service? 
William Brown: You know, we’re not going to get into the specific details of how the contract has been constructed. It is a five-year deal. We are precluded from talking about the amount of the deal, but similar to what we see elsewhere in CapRock, there is equipment installation up front but then there is recurring revenue that comes back over time. I don’t think we’ll talk more about the contract structure than that.
Josh Sullivan – Sterne Agee: Okay, thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, I think we have one more person in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. You may begin. 
Rich Valera – Needham & Co.: Thank you, good morning. Bill, in light of your comments that you see the HMS program mainly contributing revenue in fiscal ’16, anything to say on fiscal ’15 expectations for the DoD tactical portion of the business in terms of growth?
William Brown: Well, I think it’s too soon to talk about fiscal ’15. We just saw some of the line item detail in the appropriations on fiscal ’14. We know that we have a top line number for DoD in fiscal ’14. We’re four to six weeks away, I believe, from a President’s budget coming out that would give us, I think, a little more insight into his and the DoD’s spending priorities on how much they will plan to spend on force structure versus investment accounts and modernization. And once we know that, we’ll know more about that the shape of ’15 looks like than we know today, so I wouldn’t get out beyond talking about fiscal ’14 at this point. We’ll share with you as we learn more about that budget and it’s implications for Harris going forward.
Rich Valera – Needham & Co.: Okay, thanks. That’s helpful, Bill.
Pamela Padgett: All right, thank you everyone for joining us today. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 1 2014 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call with me today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay, well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report a positive start to the fiscal year. Previous restructuring actions and our continuing focus on the things we control in this challenging government environment, such as improving operational excellence, driving free cash flow and returning cash to shareholders led to solid results with higher earnings per share and significantly higher free cash flow. We also had some key wins, which I'll touch on in a minute, and our book-to-bill for the company was slightly higher than 1. Turning to Slides 3 and 4 of the presentation. Earnings per share was $1.18, up 4%; on revenue, down 6%. We generated $139 million of free cash flow compared to $77 million in the prior year with a conversion rate of 109% of income. And we continue to deliver on our commitment to return cash to shareholders during the quarter, increasing our dividend to 13.5%, spending $100 million in cash to repurchase shares and approving a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Over the past year, as we restructured and focused on operational excellence to lower cost, we also continued to invest in the future. We increased R&D investment in fiscal '13 by about 5%, and it was up again in the first quarter. And we focused our R&D spend on the most strategic and highest-return projects. This strategy is beginning to bear fruit, and I thought I'd point out a few specific examples that provide some insight into our future competitiveness. By investing R&D resources in a 2-channel tactical radio system, we were successful in winning the Army's highly-contested $141 million Mid-Tier Networking Vehicular Radio Procurement, called MNVR. As you well know, this replaces the canceled JTRS program, ground mobile radio or GMR. Our solution for MNVR is based on our Falcon III radio. With more than 45,000 units fielded around the world, it's the most widely-deployed wideband radio in the market. And just as Harris was first to have a government SRW Waveform certified and working in a radio, MNVR will be the first production radio to deploy the government's wideband networking waveform WNW. Initial shipments will be in time for the Army's network integration evaluation 15.1 in the fall of 2014, and over the next 10 years, the Army has budgeted about $600 million to spend on mid-tier radios. We're also focusing investment on other upcoming JTRS procurements, and we're pleased to hear that the Army is moving back towards a multi-vendor acquisition strategy for both the manpack and the Rifleman Radio, an approach, we believe, is in the best interest of the war fighter and the taxpayer, as competition drives innovation, speed to market and cost-effective solutions. We officially launched our 2-channel manpack radio at last week's AUSA. Our radio weighs less and is 1/3 smaller than competitor radios, has a simple keypad-driven user interface familiar to some 45,000 current tactical radio users, and has the ability to support the full suite of waveforms without requiring expensive add-on appliques. Our Rifleman Radio offering is the U.S. equivalent to our international Soldier Radio, of which more than 44,000 have been already fielded around the world. Our U.S. product, the RF-330E wideband team radio, provides significant differentiation from existing radios, including a substantially longer battery life, shorter connect time to the network and a unique dashboard display that provides the user operational and network status at a glance, such as battery time remaining and number of users and where they are on the network. We also stepped up investments on the international front, and in a recent London trade show, announced our entry into the international ground-to-air radio market. Our international offering is a variant of the radio that will compete for the U.S. market's Small Airborne Networking Radio, or SANR procurement, that replaces the previously-canceled JTRS airborne radio program, AMF. So overall, good early returns on a key strategy to increase and focus our R&D spend. As we mentioned in our fourth quarter call, growing revenue in international markets is important to our year, and we've had some pretty positive news on that front. Our international tactical pipeline has increased in value, funding has firmed up as a result of improving relations between the U.S. and Pakistan, and contract vehicles supporting foreign military sales are in place with encouraging recent increases in ceiling value. Earlier this month, we were awarded an $847 million increase in the ceiling value of a sole-source CECOM contract. And you may recall that last third quarter, we received a $500 million ceiling value increase on a similar sole-source contract, giving us some comfort that communications equipment is a spending priority. In Government Communications, we made significant progress on one of our FAA NextGen programs, known as DataComm. Under DataComm, the FAA is transitioning air traffic control from mainly voice communications to specialized data messaging, improving safety and reliability, as well as providing other efficiencies for the airlines, such as saving fuel and reducing arrival and departure times. To jump-start industry adoption early in the DataComm program, the FAA established an incentive program for equipping aircraft with digital Avionics, and Harris has played an integral role working with the FAA to garner industry support for using the incentives to begin equipping airplanes. This quarter, we received a big boost from industry when 5 major U.S. airlines committed to outfit their aircraft with digital Avionics equipment, achieving nearly 80% of the FAA's 6-year target in just the first year of the program. This strong commitment by industry demonstrates that the DataComm program will continue to be a valued and funded component of the FAA's NextGen initiative. In our Integrated Network Solutions segment, we have particularly strong orders in IT Services and made significant progress in strategically expanding our maritime business. Earlier this month, CapRock was awarded in a competitive bid a 5-year contract from Carnival Corporation for satellite voice, data and Internet services across its fleet of 103 ships, dramatically improving bandwidth capacity to meet growing demand from passengers and crew. With this significant award and our previous Royal Caribbean win, we are now the satellite communications provider for the top 2 cruise lines in the world. So overall, a pretty solid start to the year. And now, we'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance for 2014, and then we'll open it up for some of your questions.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Moving to segment results on Slide 5, RF communication orders were $348 million compared to $363 million in the prior year. Revenue was $423 million compared to $445 million. Book-to-bill was 0.8. In Tactical Communications, orders were $225 million, up in the U.S., but down in international due to timing. Tactical revenue was $305 million and declined 1% compared to the prior year. The 12- to 18-month international pipeline grew to $2.4 billion, expanding somewhat from the previous quarter's $2.2 billion. The U.S. pipeline is also a bit higher at $1.1 billion compared to the previous quarter's $1 billion. In Public Safety, revenue was weak at $118 million, declining 14%. Orders were $123 million, up 12%, and book-to-bill was greater than 1. The decline in revenue reflects both the general weakness across system and terminal sales in state and local, and from federal government orders booking too late in the quarter to turn to revenue. Public Safety orders in the quarter included $40 million from Mobile County, Alabama, to deploy a P25 emergency communication system, a good win resulting from a growth initiative to migrate customers from existing legacy systems to the P25 interoperable standard. Operating income from the RF Communications segment was $135 million, with a 32% operating margin in the quarter, driven by lower cost and favorable product mix. Turning now to Slide 6 in Integrated Network Solutions. First quarter revenue decreased 3% to $376 million. In CapRock, growth in energy and maritime was more than offset by lower government revenue. In IT Services, while revenue was down 3%, the decline was less than expected. Segment orders were higher than revenue as a result of record orders in IT Services. The outstanding orders performance at IT Services was driven by several wins, $89 million from the VA, $35 million under the U.S. State Department's Consular Affairs Support Services contract, and $22 million from the U.S. Air Force for NORAD and NORTHCOM. Other awards included a $65 million follow-on contract for the U.S. Air Force's Satellite Control Network and a position on the NETCENTS-2 Applications Services IDIQ contract with a ceiling value of $960 million. And following the close of the quarter, we received a $54 million order from the U.S. Navy to extend continuity of services on the Navy Marine Corps Internet (sic) [Intranet] contract through June 2014. In CapRock, we were awarded a 7-year $45 million contract, including options, and received an initial order under this contract of $24 million from an oil and gas equipment services company for the global fleet of offshore service vessels. In health care, we were less successful than expected on government recompetes and new program wins, and the release of our clinical innovation platform version 5.1 software slipped from the planned August launch date. The software has now been released and is operating in a few live environments. So, so far, so good. In Integrated Network Solutions, segment operating income was $30 million, compared with prior year of $33 million. Lower cost were more than offset by the impact of lower revenue and margin pressure from a competitive government market environment. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in Government Communications was $412 million, decreasing 9% from the prior year, primarily due to the timing of NOAA's GOES-R weather program transitioning to an integration and test phase, and partially from lower revenue from Department of Defense customers. The declines more than offset higher revenue from classified customers and from other civil agency customers including the FAA. Excluding GOES-R, revenue for the rest of the business was flat with the prior year. Awards in the quarter included the 7-year $150 million network services component of the previously won DataComm program that Bill just discussed and a 5-year multi-vendor communications and transmissions system IDIQ contract called CTS from the U.S. Army, with a $4.1 billion ceiling value to provide upgrades and maintenance of the Army's worldwide terrestrial communications networks. Operating income was $64 million and operating margin was strong at 15.5% as a result of very good program performance. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was strong at $139 million versus $77 million last year, and capital expenditures were $33 million compared to $44 million in the prior year. During the quarter, we repurchased about 1.7 million shares of our common stock for a total cash outlay of $100 million, and our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.2%. Moving to Slide 9. Fiscal 2014 guidance remains unchanged at a range of $4.65 to $4.85 per diluted share for our income from continuing operations, and a revenue decline of 1% to 3% compared to the prior year. We've also made no changes to segment information, which is detailed on this slide. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator and open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. The weakness you saw in the quarter at PSPC, the -- you quoted the system and terminal sales orders are the orders shifting to the right. Does that weakness abate and we return to growth there? Is that what's implied by that statement later in the year?
William M. Brown: Yes. We were a little bit weak on revenue. Part of it was, I think, market-driven. Just weakness in systems and terminals for state and local. We also had some orders that came in pretty late in the quarter on the federal side, which didn't make the quarter and shifted into Q2. So that was a factor as well. But you remember back the last couple of years, our book-to-bill has been less than 1 for about 7 or 8 of the last 9 quarters. Decent bookings in Q1, I would say, were up about 12%, 13% and solid book-to-bill in the quarter. And we do expect that over the balance of year, we'll return to growth. As I mentioned last time, our guidance for the year in the Public Safety was mid to high-single digits, certainly coming out of the gates at down 14% puts a little more stretch into the back half, but we still think that this is a growth business. We think the market's growing in the 3% to 5% range. Our biggest competitor in our space did have some challenges like we did in the most recent quarter and seeing the same sort of market phenomenon that we're seeing. But we're making some changes in the way we organize at Public Safety. I think we've added people into sales and marketing, both on the terminals and systems side to drive growth in that space. We're investing in a product offering, and I think, over time, we're going to start to see ourselves come back to full growth, and we do expect that will be towards the back end of the year, Carter. So, thank you.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And on the CECOM, the IDIQ ceiling increase, were there any associated task orders that came with that? Or it was just a ceiling change for now?
William M. Brown: These 2 vehicles have been in place for some time. There was a ceiling increase. So we've been, over time, receiving some task orders against each of them. I think what we saw in -- the one we saw back in Q3 of $500 million in the most recent one, is, again, just a little more encouragement, a little more confidence that orders on the FMS side will start to flow through those vehicles. They are still sourced. They're communications-specific, Harris-specific. So that was a, I think, a big vote of confidence in what we expect to see is better growth in the international side through the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: On the margin front, at GCS, you seem to be kind of batting pretty strongly here, kind of opposite story at INS. Maybe you can help us think through how the balance of the year plays out and what was behind the decision not to raise the guidance for GCS margins and not to lower it for INS.
William M. Brown: At GCS, we feel really good about the margin progression over the last several years, and we felt great where we ended at fiscal '13 and we feel good about where we came out in the first quarter of fiscal '14 at 15.5%, that's pretty strong. Of course, we're still guiding the 14% for the year. We saw unusually strong product business in the first quarter, and we saw some really good award fees coming through on a number of our programs [ph], particularly on the classified side. Those things you tend not to want to put in the guidance or forecast to repeat through the balance of the year, so we didn't do that. And we do see, over the course of the year, a little less product business, a little more systems and program business, which will be at slightly lower margins. So again, we're 1 quarter into the year. I think we're maintaining a cautious approach for the year and we held our guidance.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: In INS?
William M. Brown: In INS, I think we came out of the gates. We saw a pretty good orders at the IT Services business. And as Gary mentioned, we did see an extension to the NMCI contract going for the balance of the year. So we will see some improvement in this segment, just simply because we've got a little bit better performance in the IT Services business. In Q1, both IT Services and CapRock were down modestly year-over-year, margins at Q1. Of course, CapRock was improving sequentially. We saw that improving over the balance of the year. Again, it's a little bit early to change our outlook for the year-end margins for INS. I think we had a, I guess, a solid start coming just around -- just below 8%, 7.9% margin for the INS segment. And I think for now 8% to 10% for the year is about the right range given what we see in our business.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one more, if I could. Tactical was good this quarter in terms of the top line. It seems to be trending maybe a little bit above the guidance for the year, which is for -- down, I think, low-single digits. Should we think of that as perhaps being ahead of plan and PSS [ph] business, to Carter's point, maybe being a bit behind?
William M. Brown: Well, if you try to extrapolate from Q1, one could draw that conclusion. But with still 1 quarter in the year, and we still have a lot left in it. I think we came out of the gates strongly on tactical. We feel good about that. We had good orders in the DoD side. And of course, the MNVR win was a nice wind at our back, and we feel strong about that. I think the backlog remains pretty healthy in the Tactical business. You may recall we had very strong orders in Q4. We ended the year with very, very good backlog. Of course, with orders being down a little bit and the book-to-bill, as Gary mentioned, at Tactical been less than 1, we saw backlog erosion over the course of the quarter. But you can run the math; it dropped about $80 million sequentially through Q1. But where we stand today, in terms of backlog in Tactical versus where we were 1 year ago, about 8% to 9% higher. And that does give us a little bit more encouragement that we'll see pretty good business this year in tactical radios. And we hope that that might offset what could be more of a stretch in Public Safety in the back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So Bill, on the pipeline, which went up both in international and domestic, is that due to the changes in the weightings that you guys give them, given I think, Pakistan, you mentioned that. That seems like probably an important change. And also you mentioned the multi-vendor strategy for JTRS. Were those basically incorporated and that's why they went up? Or was there other drivers?
William M. Brown: On the DoD side, it came up, I'd say, modestly year-over-year. Last time, it was about $1 billion, now it's about $1.1 billion. There's various parts of the geography that move around, but I wouldn't overread too much into it, it going up by $100 million. It's in that range of accuracy. But we still feel pretty good about the pipeline for DoD. Only about 25% of that pipeline is on modernization. The rest is what we see happening in the Air Force, Marine Corps, SOCOM, all of which is standardized on Falcon III, other Army spares and some other things. So on the DoD side, I would characterize it as remaining pretty solid for us. On the international side, it did come up by a couple of hundred million dollars, and it wasn't weighting. It was very specific opportunities that just have grown in value since we spoke about 3 months ago, and they're very specific ones. It's the shape or the contour of that $2.4 billion pipeline hasn't moved a lot. It's still more than half Middle East and Asia, where we know security's an issue. In the U.S., it's starting to pull back. Iraq is an important market for us, and that's pretty strong. Country in Africa. Obviously, Pakistan has been big, and I mentioned that in the script, and that's guiding -- getting a little bit more solid. A lot of it is -- about 15% of the pipeline is coalition countries that are deploying wideband, and interestingly enough, they're standardizing on our product, moving from 117Fs to 117Gs, and the balance is in Latin America. So it's in various pieces, but the growth is specific opportunities in some of those markets that I just mentioned.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, just over on the margins. They were pretty strong and tactical kind of looks like a little lower, obviously, than unusual Q4 number, but higher than they were in the first part of last year. Is -- you mentioned on the last call, I believe, that you're looking for mix to be a little bit of a headwind for you as you get to the close of the year. Is that still true? Or are you feeling a little better about the sustainability of the margins here?
William M. Brown: No, that is still true. And it's -- my comments there are very consistent with what we talked about last time. We did end the year, fiscal '13, very strong. We had unusually strong international margins based on the mix of what was in international. We did say, over the course of fiscal '14, as we see more international business and more systems business, that we'll see margins trending down over the course of the year. So we're not terribly surprised that we came in a little bit higher in Q1. It feels good. Dana and his team are performing exceptionally well on managing the various mix shifts and driving innovation, driving operational excellence. I think they're executing extremely, extremely well. We still see the full year coming at around 30%. We continued to invest in our business, and I made a specific -- maybe long-winded discussion around our R&D investment over the course of my prepared remarks to really drive home the point that as we do take out cost, we're investing, and we're investing quite a bit in that very, very important franchise we have in Tactical Communications. So we're investing in sales and marketing, in R&D, and we feel good about our ability to continue to take out cost and drive operational excellence in that segment, which remains really, really strong. So we're still at about 30% for the year and we think we've got a pretty good roadmap to achieve that, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Loomis of Stifel.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just looking at the shutdown impact and the sequestration. Ironically, you're talking about your shorter cycle businesses. IT Services had great awards and good performance. And in Tactical, your DoD pipeline looks better and awards have been good there. Can you just talk about how you've seen the shutdown, how that impacted your business going into the December quarter? And then just some thoughts as we're past -- we're already obviously in the fiscal '13 sequestration, '14 coming up. Any new thoughts there on how it could impact some of your shorter cycle U.S. federal business?
William M. Brown: Sure. Yes, we saw a little bit disruption in the early part of October in some of our factories, mainly with the DCMA inspectors, when they were on furlough, they came back. Shortly thereafter it, very quickly, we got back in the business. So we didn't see much of a disruption on the product side based on the fact that the DCMA inspectors came back relatively quickly. In some of our IT business, we did see a couple of programs where the pencil is down for a couple of weeks. It was temporary. It was in the tens of people. Small, small numbers. So not a lot of big impact in our quarter. The bigger impact is that we see, and I think others have seen, is just the push out in awards. And that's going to take some time for the government to catch up with that. So overall, that's -- the impact is more push out on awards and less on sort of what would happen day-to-day in the early part of October. In terms of the shutdown and what's happening in DC, the shutdown is over, but here we are again, operating under a continuing resolution. And that's going to go on through mid-January when, obviously, sequestration could, in fact, get triggered again depending upon what happens. And the budget committee, I understand they're starting to meet this week and who's to say what's have going to happen over the 6 weeks. Will they create a budget? Will they do something that's different than what we're all expecting? We don't know. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. So for now, we're maintaining a pretty cautious view of where we are at on first half of the year, just as we previously expressed. We're not going to get into calling where we at in the first half versus second half. But we did say we'd be a bit more cautious in the first half, and I think that was an important point and it's playing out as we had thought just a couple of months ago. I think we had a good start in Q1. And we saw some encouraging news. We're focused on the actions that drive performance and generate solid free cash in the year. But as I said, there's still quite a bit of uncertainty, and we're managing through it just as best as we can.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one more in NMCI. Is -- what revenue run rate are you carrying to the year-end? If you could talk about that? And when -- how quickly do you think it will drop off?
William M. Brown: On NMCI, it comes in at relatively strong margins, and they're not going to be too terribly different than what we've seen in the past. They're quite a bit above the normal segment margins that we seen in IT Services. I don't think I would want to speculate as to what they happen to be, but that, Bill, does give us, I'd say, a little bit more upside on the IT Services side of INS. And that will offset probably a little bit more pressure in some other parts of INS segment, which is why I was sort of couching my remarks on the 8% to 10% for the year.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is it running at the full rate going into the end of the year?
William M. Brown: I would say it has been running very, very strong, and we don't see that it's going to change much for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Guys, I just want to ask you a couple more questions about the FMS radio contract that had the ceiling increase a few weeks ago. I was just wondering, was that increase kind of in line with what you expected? And then maybe if you could share kind of how much value was left on that contract? And just kind of if that contract vehicle carries kind of the majority of your international orders?
William M. Brown: Well, we did expect that those ceiling increases would come. Obviously, we watch, as we draw down some of the existing ceilings and watched carefully as to how much is remaining, we weren't surprised that the increases happened. We can't really get into specifics as to how much is left or where the numbers happen to be. But when you take a $500 million increase a few quarters ago, another $850 million recently, that's some pretty healthy headroom in those 2 contracts just based on the increase that we have seen. So I think that's -- I'm not sure, there was another part to your question, Pete.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Yes, if that contract vehicle, is that kind of the majority of your international RF orders flow to that contract vehicle?
William M. Brown: No, no. We've got other things that we do. There's some that go direct. There's some other vehicles. So no, that represents some parts of our international business, but not all of it.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And just one follow-up. On the $1 billion authorization, I forget how long that lasts for, but are you still expecting to do -- I think it was $200 million in repurchases this year? And I guess, what's the rationale for maybe not doing more, given the size of the authorization?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, Pete, this is Gary. There is no limitation on the time as to the $1 billion authorization. And looking at our capital deployment, at this point, we haven't changed our outlook for the year. We're going to maintain a dividend payout ratio again of at 30% or above. And we're targeting that $200 million in share buyback.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you help us figure out when the SRW applique, the manpack production awards may actually be awarded? What's your expectation on timing?
William M. Brown: Those, both the manpack and Rifleman, have been shifting to the right. Our expectation today, based on what we're hearing, is that the RFP on the Rifleman should come out around the Christmas time. And we think the manpack will follow 45 to 60 days after that possibly. But again, there's a lot of moving parts. And I think the shutdown and the budget debates, I think -- and I think part of it is the rethinking positively for Harris Corporation going from single vendor to multi-vendor is also causing a little bit of a shift in the timing. But that's when we think RFP is going to come out. The award time has not changed from the -- what we're hearing from the DoD, sometime in the summer of next year. But again, as you move the front end, it could move the back end a little bit. My understanding is they want some delivery orders prior to 15.1, so we think that is still the timing that they're shooting for.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And what about the SRW applique in terms of funded orders?
William M. Brown: Yes, the applique is, we think, the award is going to come out sometime at the end of the year, around December.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Quilty of Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on orders. Can you remind us when does the protest period end for the MNVR contract? And have you seen a protest yet?
William M. Brown: We understand, Chris, that the time for the -- a timely protest on MNVR expired yesterday. So we have the debriefings that happened, and we have heard nothing. So we are under the impression that there will be no protest.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Congratulations. A follow-up question on the CapRock business. Congratulations on that Carnival win with -- that with the Royal Caribbean, I think, is about 60%, if you can confirm that, of the cruise industry? And can you speak specifically about what factors led to those wins given the fact that MTN had been the incumbent, I think, for the better part of a decade. Was it something specific in the technology implementation, or pricing, or bundling of other services that you think contributed to those wins?
William M. Brown: I think there would -- I wouldn't want to try to generalize it to any specific factor because they're very big, complicated awards. And the decision factor by the Royal Caribbean was probably a little bit different than Carnival. When you have thousands of people on your boats, and you have 100 boats in your fleet, and cruises going every year -- every week, rather. And the importance of people bringing devices on the boat is very, very important for the cruise line to pick a very reliable communications partner to handle interactions with their customers and their crew. And I think you were very, very thoughtful on this. This RFP went off for some time. It was price competitive. But they were looking for a solution. They were looking for reliability. They were looking for the ability to bring other communications technologies, not just VSAT, do things differently on the boat. So I think the variety of expertise that Harris Corporation has in the space, plus the financial backing of the corporation and the sort of wherewithal of our entity, I think, was some of the factors that went behind Carnival choosing us. But we feel very good about the award. We feel very good about where we're at with Royal Caribbean, and we see there's more opportunities in the space. In terms of the share, I think you can -- I'm not really sure exactly what the share is. You have 100 boats for Carnival and another 35, 34-ish for Royal Caribbean. So I think you can run the math from that. We're not going to be 60% of this segment at this point, I don't think.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And to what degree are you going to be able to generate operating leverage from the fixed amount of transponders that you're already leasing? Or would something like Caribbean require a large new incremental purchase of transponder capacity?
Gary L. McArthur: I don't believe so, Chris. We basically have our global teleports established, and then we have good coverage in that region that their ships would be sailing. So it's not really on the transponder side. With regards to the bandwidth, we definitely have gone out and contracted for the bandwidth. So we're pretty sure that we're going to be able to do those at competitive rates. So we're pretty well-positioned and should be able to leverage the infrastructure that's already in place.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan of Sterne Agee.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: On the Government Communications side, can you talk about the balance between the cost initiatives you've obviously done successful with versus new business and competing for new contracts? And are you [ph] using the operating leverage for growth? You've given this focus on cost going forward. Are you more comfortable enough in your position to just continue in more of a harvesting mode at this point?
William M. Brown: We're definitely not in a harvesting mode in GCS. In fact, when I talked a lot about investments in company-funded R&D in Tactical Communications, but we're substantially raising our company-funded R&D within the GCS segment as well. Geared towards, in many ways, a lot of the products that we sell, it's been very successful. We talked about this in an investor meeting 1.5 years ago or so. And we've seen the amount of product business we do at GCS come up. It keeps getting a little bit better. We see opportunities to extend some of that product business around the world into international markets. And we're investing to capture some of that. So it's not harvest. It's actually continuing to grow. I think Sheldon and his team have done an outstanding job in managing their programs and executing on the programs to continue to keep margins on an upward trajectory. And I think there's not much more to say about that. I think they've just done an outstanding job in that segment. Even in the first quarter, while the revenues were -- came in a little bit lighter than maybe people would've expected and sort of what we're guiding to for the year, even the revenue performance, I think, in the first quarter was pretty good. It -- outside of a pretty tough compare, which is really the first quarter only on GOES-R. Outside of that, the revenue would've been about flat. So they're off to a good start in the year as well on the top line, and as we talked before, pretty good on the margins as well.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's good to hear. And then can you just update us on the healthcare platform roll out? I might have missed this. I came on a little late, just curious.
William M. Brown: Yes, we're a little bit late in the release of a critical piece of software for the commercial health care market. We thought it would happen earlier in Q1. But it is launched. It's live in a couple of environments. It hasn't been very long, so the feedback is still very nascent, but no surprises. We keep a watch eye on it. We hope that that's going to be successful. We expect that that's going to be successful, and we'll see better performance at the back end of the year on the commercial side.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And is there any way to kind of size that opportunity maybe longer term?
William M. Brown: Well, it's -- look, the healthcare process is a relatively small piece of our portfolio. The business is $200 million and the commercial side is $50 million or less. So it's -- right now, it's small. We're focused on getting the software deployment right, getting it working right in the space. And then once we do that, we'll see the effect it has on the portfolio for time. It's just too soon to say. Right now, it's really not a big part of Harris Corporation.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, is there anyone else in the queue? Josh, do you have another question?
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. I think we'll wrap up the call, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you very much for joining today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. This now concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a very good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. My name is Sue, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay, well, thank you, Pam, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Fiscal '13 was a challenging year but we accomplished a lot. When we started the year, we promised to take out costs to match the tough government spending environment, and we did just that. We said we would maximize free cash flow by doing things like ratcheting down capital spending, which we reduced by 24%, contributing to record free cash flow in the year. And we committed to deploy capital more effectively like returning more cash to shareholders, which we did by using $400 million in cash to repurchase shares, and by increasing the quarterly dividend 12% in fiscal '13 on top of a 32% increase in fiscal '12. These efforts are reflected in the solid results we're reporting today, and illustrated on pages 3 and 4. In the fourth quarter, revenue was down as expected by about 5% to $1.36 billion, with non-GAAP EPS of $1.41, about flat with the prior year. Fourth quarter earnings were a bit stronger than expected as a result of ongoing cost reduction efforts, including fourth quarter restructuring actions and favorable product mix in RF Communications where we also had a $0.04 onetime benefit from the cumulative effect of an accounting correction in the timing of cost recognition. By executing the restructuring actions announced in April faster than expected and expanding their scope somewhat, we generated additional savings in the quarter amounting to $0.07 pickup versus the guidance we provided back in April. For the quarter, restructuring, asset impairment and debt prepayment costs were $127 million and, with the exception of facility consolidations, are largely completed. These actions are now expected to generate annualized cost savings of $60 million versus the $40 million to $50 million originally anticipated. Fourth quarter free cash flow was also substantially better than expected at $273 million, bringing us to a strong $655 million for fiscal '13, up 6% versus prior year and 119% of non-GAAP net income. Orders were solid in the quarter at $1.43 billion, down from prior year, about 105% of revenue, ending the year with funded backlog up 2% sequentially and 4% year-over-year. In RF Communications, we were particularly encouraged by the strong new orders momentum in the international tactical radio market. Tactical book-to-bill was 1.49 and greater than 1 in both international and U.S. markets, and we ended the quarter with a substantial increase in tactical backlog. The international tactical radio market is being driven by 2 factors, a transition to wideband radios and demand for network systems solutions, and Harris is at the forefront of both. In the quarter, we booked a $61 million order for wideband radios from Poland, our largest single international Falcon III wideband order to date. And on the systems front, we booked our largest single order ever in the Middle East, $79 million for an integrated command, control and communications system that combines wideband tactical radios and 4G tactical cellular into a fully integrated system solution. Our extensive line of international radios is designed to operate and interface well together and support a variety of technical requirements, giving us a competitive advantage in international markets that require integrated solutions. We're anticipating capturing additional systems opportunities in fiscal '14. We also had solid wins in the DoD market in the quarter, including a $38 million order from the Air Force for 2-channel Falcon III wideband radios. And we successfully completed government tests, delivering data messages using the wideband networking waveform, WNW, in our MNVR radio offering. While JTRS radio procurements for the Army has slipped to the right, we're encouraged that the major programs, the manpack, the Rifleman and MNVR are well supported in each of the committee markups of the GFY '14 authorization bill, and we're hopeful about a favorable decision on MNVR in September. We're also encouraged that the DoD is proceeding with an effort to replace the previously canceled JTRS airborne radio program known as AMF. The new program, Small Airborne Networking Radio, or SANR, has a potential value of about $700 million. And we expect the RFP to be issued within the next few months and be awarded in late spring of 2015. In Government Communications, we added to our wins on Next-Gen, which is the FAA's initiative to transform the National Airspace System. Following the close of the quarter, we were awarded a 7-year $150 million network services component of the previously won DCIS or Data Communications and Integrated Services program, bringing the total contract value to $481 million. Now if you remember, DCIS will provide digital messaging services between air traffic towers and the cockpit. And we'd made good progress on the program and are reaching agreement with 4 major airlines on DCIS equipage. On our other major Next-Gen win, the National Airspace Voice System program, or NVS, we're on track to install demo systems at FAA facilities in Atlantic City and in Oklahoma City, within the next few months. Now I mentioned progress in these programs because we're performing well and delivering real value to our customer as we need to especially in today's fiscal environment. But it's also important because we're leveraging our strong capabilities and reputation with the FAA to broaden our reach in the global air traffic management market we pursue opportunities in areas such as Brazil, Korea and India and in the global voice switch market. And finally, in the quarter, we were encouraged by the rebound in CapRock's revenue growth to 9%, contributing to high single-digit growth for the year, and by the solid 5% growth in IT Services, a good result in the current environment. I would also add that we continued to reduce losses in Healthcare Solutions and made progress towards an important software release in Q1. For the full fiscal year, orders were down 4%, revenue was down 6%. Book-to-bill was 1.03 and non-GAAP EPS was down 6% to $4.90. Now heading in fiscal '14, we're expecting an environment similar to this year with government operating under continuing resolutions and sequestration. Every indication we've seen points to protracted negotiations, with tax reform and the debt ceiling coming to the mix. But whatever the outcome, we'll continue to focus on executing our strategy, improving our business performance and delivering value to our customers and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance for 2014.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. Revenue for RF Communications was $501 million and declined 14% compared to $584 million in the prior year. Orders for this segment totaled $646 million and were up 22%. Book-to-bill was 1.29. In Tactical Communications, revenues was $336 million, declining 18%. Tactical Communications orders were $498 million and were up 40%. Book-to-bill was 1.49, and backlog increased significantly to $743 million. Book-to-bill was greater than 1 in both international and U.S. markets. International tactical radio orders included $79 million from a country in the Middle East, $61 million from Poland, $55 million from a country in Africa, $23 million from another country in the Middle East and $39 million from several customers in Brazil; exceptional order performance in International. DoD orders for Falcon III wideband radios included $38 million from the Air Force, $36 million from Special Operations Command and $20 million from the Marine Corps. The 12- to 18-month International opportunity pipeline is $2.2 billion, with over $800 million in the proposal or closure phases. This compares to 3Q's $2.4 billion, with over $1 billion in the proposal or closure phases. The U.S. pipeline is about $1 billion, with $400 million in the proposal or closure phases. This compares to 3Q's $1 billion, with $500 million in the proposal or closure phases. While there have been delays in the awarding of the JTRS manpack, Rifleman Radio and MNVR modernization opportunities, we believe our proven track record with the most widely deployed family of wideband networking radios, our recent successes demonstrating the JTRS wideband networking waveform and our new 2-channel manpack radio solutions bolster our competitive position on these procurements. In Public Safety and Professional Communications, project delays and unexpected lower terminal sales resulted in revenue declining 6% to $165 million, orders down 14% and book-to-bill of 0.9. Public Safety orders in the quarter included $17 million from Los Angeles County, $13 million from the United Arab Emirates, a $50 million follow-on order from the San Francisco Municipal Transport Authority (sic) [San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority] bringing orders to date to $47 million under that $85 million contract. Non-GAAP operating income for RF Communications segment was $185 million. A favorable product mix, cost reductions, savings from operational excellence initiatives and a $7 million benefit from the cumulative effect of an accounting correction in the timing of cost recognition on tactical radio programs allowed us to achieve a 36.9% non-GAAP operating margin in the quarter. Turning now to Slide 6, Integrated Network Solutions. Fourth quarter revenue increased 6% to $402 million driven by growth across this segment in CapRock Communications, Healthcare Solutions and IT Services. In CapRock, revenue was up slightly in the government market, up high single digits in energy, with significant double-digit growth in maritime. Segment orders were down 36% as a result of a tough compare with CapRock in the maritime market due to the large Royal Caribbean award last year and as a result of delayed government awards in IT Services and Healthcare. CapRock was awarded a 3-year $25 million contract extension from an international oil and gas drilling company. And in Healthcare Solutions, we received a 5-year $4 million contract from Allina Health Systems to provide a clinical integration platform, utilizing our soon-to-be released version 5.1 software, the beta version of which was released last week. In Integrated Network Solutions, non-GAAP segment operating income was $35 million compared with $34 million in the prior year. Improved operating performance at Healthcare Solutions was offset by a weaker performance in CapRock. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in Government Communications was $481 million, decreasing 3% from the prior year due to the transition of the GOES-R weather program to the integration and test phase. Excluding GOES-R, revenue for the rest of the business was 4% higher as a result of recent wins in the civil area of our business. Non-GAAP operating income was flat to the prior year at $66 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was solid at 13.6%. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was $273 million versus $311 million last year, and capital expenditures were $47 million compared to $59 million in the prior year. Free cash flow for the year came in at a strong $655 million and benefited from the significantly lower capital expenditures. During the quarter, we repurchased about 2.8 million shares of our common stock for a total cash outlay of $140 million. Share repurchases for the year totaled $400 million. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.1%. Moving to Slide 9, we are providing fiscal 2014 guidance that assumes the continuing resolution and sequestration. For total, Harris revenue is expected to be down 1% to 3% and EPS in the range of $4.65 to $4.85. In RF Communications, we expect revenue to be about flat, with low single-digit decline in Tactical Communications, offset by a mid to high single-digit increase in Public Safety. Operating margin is expected to be around 30%, with savings from restructuring and operational excellence mostly offsetting mix impact from higher Public Safety and International Systems revenue, higher investment in R&D and sales and marketing, and the onetime $7 million benefit we've already discussed. In Integrated Network Solutions, revenue is expected to be about flat, with the growth in CapRock Communications and Healthcare Solutions offset by a decline in IT Services. Including the NMCI recompete loss, operating margin is expected to be 8% to 10% for the segment, with improvement in CapRock in Healthcare offset by a decline in IT Services. In Government Communications, we expect revenue to be down 5% to 7% due to further declines in government spending and delays in new program awards. We expect operating margin to be around 14%. As indicated on the slide, to better align our segments, FY '14 segment guidance includes moving the cyber security network testing business area, roughly $40 million of revenue and $3 million of operating income, from Government Communications to Integrated Network Solutions as of the beginning of fiscal year. Our tax rate for the fiscal year is expected to be approximately 33% and does not assume the continuation of the R&D tax credit. Free cash flow as a percent of net income is expected to be around 100%. And with that, let me turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Gary. Our guidance reflects the environment as we see it today. We're planning cautiously and conservatively, and we continue to focus on the things we control, satisfying customers, driving operational excellence and maximizing free cash flow which can be returned to shareholders. And we're committed to investing in the future in R&D and strategic growth initiatives. We have strong leadership in place and a talented workforce who are committed to delivering against customer expectations and creating shareholder value. And I'd now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just from a high level, when I look at the initial look at 2014, calling for RF to be flat, why would this be the year that RF was flat following a couple of years of reasonably sharp topline declines if we're just now moving into the environment where in the U.S., sequestration is actually going to impact the P&L? I know you've had some order delays and you've talked about feeling like sequestration had already happened, and I know you're citing international picking up here, but I just wonder how much conservatism you feel is in that topline outlook for RF given the environment that sounds like you think we're going to stay in for a little while?
William M. Brown: Well, thank you very much for the question. I think given the fact that we don't yet have a U.S. government budget nor a DoD budget nor how that kind of gets down to the line item details for -- that affect the tactical radios, I think what we've done is taking the most prudent assumption we have. Our assumption right now going into next year is that the DoD tactical radio business is going to be down even further, probably in the mid-teens range, offset by the international business, which we see being up mid to high single-digit. So overall, Tactical going into next year, we're seeing to be sort of down low single-digits. And we think that's given the environment that we're in right now today, given what we see in the budgets, we think that that's a prudent and a cautious approach.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful on the breakdown there. And then just one other, I guess also sort of big picture question on the segments. When I look at the individual segment outlooks, all of them really not calling for margin expansion. I just wonder if you could elaborate on why you would not expect to see some margin expansion given all the cost takeout in restructuring you've done coming into the year.
William M. Brown: Well, you go across the segments, in GCS, I think we've performed very, very well. And we're sort of at the level of margin that, in fact, above the expectation we had set back in June of last year, so long term margin in GCS in the 13% to 14% range. And we feel the guidance that we have given reflects the programs that we see there and the performance that we've seen in GCS. In RF, what's happening here is, clearly, as we go into next year, we're seeing more international business in DoD. And while we've said in the past international and DoD tend to have somewhat similar ROS trends, we are seeing more systems business coming in fiscal '14 than we've seen in the past, and that's going to dilute the margins a little bit. We [indiscernible] the shift towards the PSPC business and that's going to bring the overall segment margins at least constrained them a little bit going into next year. In INS, what we've done is, I think, we've reflected the fact, that NGEN -- NMCI comes out of the process. We've lost on NGEN, it's under protest at the moment. That was a very, very good margin business in NMCI, so we're reflecting that -- the HITS business, the IT Services business, with the volume decline in NMCI going away, it's going to see pretty substantial margin erosion, something on the order of about 300 basis points in the IT Services business, offset by pretty strong margin growth in both CapRock as well as in Healthcare.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: In terms of the restructuring, is this it for now or is there more work to be done that you can kind of foresee at this stage in -- for 2014?
William M. Brown: Well, Yair, thank you very much for the question. I think what we've done in the fourth quarter is some pretty substantial restructuring. If you recall, back in April, we estimated restructuring would be $65 million to $150 million. We came in above the higher end as we found additional opportunities. But I think what we've seen over the course of fiscal '12 and fiscal '13 is we continue to take out costs as the market environment changes and we'll continue to do that going forward into fiscal '14. We have no further plans on the table at the moment, but we continue to look for opportunity to take costs out again to match the revenue environment.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then in terms of the guidance, you said that it contemplates continued resolution also sequestration. Can you just give us a sense of, systematically, how you went through and tried to bake those impacts into your forecast? Was it done on a program-by-program basis or do you just look at across your government contracts and assume that you'll be getting a 10% to 15% cut below what you'd otherwise expect?
William M. Brown: No. In fact, we've got people who have been in the business a long time and know the customers very, very well. And a lot of this is through conversations with the end customer. And we do it program-by-program, line-by-line, as best as we know it, and we put some judgment on that based on what we see in the political environment and what we see happening in Congress, and we make the best estimate we can. But it really is, on a bottoms up, program-by-program basis, opportunity-by-opportunity. So that's really across both the government business as well as what we do internationally in tactical, as well as what we do with CapRock and Healthcare business. It's really from a bottoms-up perspective.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one last quick one. For 2013, what was the mix of international within Tactical? And then what do you expect it to be next year?
William M. Brown: Well, this year, international was substantially higher than DoD in that mix in Tactical, and we see that shifting even further going into next year. We saw orders and revenue this year being 7, 8 points higher. Backlog is a bit higher in international ending the year, so we expect the mix to shift even further towards international, modestly into the fiscal '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Bill, just on the restructuring, you come from a UTC culture where this was sort of -- this is a way of doing business year in, year out. And then I think coming into Harris, there were definitely some low hanging fruits, some opportunities for you, but you've obviously done a lot. And so as we go forward, are you thinking about this as a journey where every year, like at UTC, there's always going to be something that gets done or is this, what we saw on this last quarter, the culmination of what you think is sort of a big onetime restructuring of the company after becoming CEO?
William M. Brown: Well, there's 2 parts to that. And one is the pretty substantial restructuring we did in the fourth quarter, which I think was pretty broad and pretty deep, and they don't tend to repeat very often. And as I mentioned before, we don't have plans on the table to do any further restructuring at this point. Of course, we continue to look for opportunities but there's nothing that's pressing. What I'm spending more of my time on, frankly, is building a culture of operational excellence throughout Harris Corporation. That is a multiyear journey. That's not multi-quarter, it's multiyear. I think we've had a really, really good start in the last 18 months, and we're getting the engine moving well, looking at things we can do on the factory floor, things we could do doing on our field service organization, things we can do in supply chain management, frankly, things we can do in our admin function to make ourselves leaner. Sometimes those activities do lead over time to restructure and many times they don't. And that's really what I'm spending a lot of my time on and where I'm focusing the organization.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just over on the margins in Tactical or, I guess, in RF but really specifically in Tactical, a couple of things. It seems like you're expecting some, basically some mix pressure. I understand the Public Safety, but really within Tactical, it's the systems. How do we -- how can we think about the profitability of systems? Is that a certain percentage of them we should think about as Falcon radios with Falcon-type margins, and then other components of the system are lower margin? And is there kind of a generic pro rata or a generic percentage that we can think about in terms of hardware versus, I guess, the other component to that mix? Just trying to get a gauge a little bit how, as your mix becomes more and more systems-oriented, how that -- what that might do to your margins?
Gary L. McArthur: Sure, Joe. Let me take a little bit of that. I don't want to get into the specific percents, but it's clear that the systems business is at a lower margin. And looking at our business outlook for next year, we do see that Systems business almost doubling in the international marketplace. So that will bring down margins overall on those -- as a result of those system sales. That's really the biggest component of the mix that we see within the Tactical Communications business. And you mentioned on the Public Safety side, obviously, as that grows with its lower margin, it will impact the RF margins as well. But we're -- as we said in the past, we're really targeting in at that 30% margin. We're running the business in that kind of range, and we think that's sustainable.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's probably should be fair to expect that the margin profile will be higher in the first part of the year because you just had that, I think, that 1 systems order that you announced anyway. And then you noted in your prepared remarks that you're expecting more of that, so is it fair to say that we should have a downwards sloping margin starting up much higher to begin the year?
William M. Brown: I don't think, Joe, we're going to give guidance across the quarters in terms of margins in a segment -- subsegment of a segment. I think I'm going to stay away from that. But what I would say is we did have unusually strong margins in Tactical in the fourth quarter. It did come from the fact that we had more international sales but, more importantly, it was a lot of product part of international that came with some very full feature products and software upgrades. That drove the margin to be very strong in the fourth quarter. That won't continue into next year. We will see, as you see in the guidance, over the course of the year, margins coming back down to sort of a more normal level for the segment, around 30%, which we laid out last year. And in Tactical, it has a lot to do with the fact that we've just had more systems business coming into next year in international. We get this, but today that's about all we're going to say. But to the balance across the quarters, going into next year, we will see a little lighter first half than second half and probably a lighter Q1 than Q2, only because of just what's happening in our order pattern but also what's happening in Washington. So I think that's all I would say in terms of calendarization, if you will, of our guidance for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Loomis of Stifel.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On tactical radio, so we've seen some press about the Army considering going to 1 winner on Rifleman and, possibly, manpack as well. What -- could you help us understand, I know you're looking for kind of mid-teens decline, but what happens if they do go to 1 winner and, let's say, Harris is not it? Does this completely block you out on Falcon sales to U.S. military or are there other routes here?
William M. Brown: Bill, that's a great question, thank you. First of all, it's still not clear what path the Army and, more importantly, the DoD as a whole, is going to take on the manpack and the Rifleman Radio. We think a multi-vendor award is in the best interest of the government and the war fighter. It drives up competition throughout an IDIQ contract. It incentivizes product innovation, drives performance, drives cost down, and then it get -- not just us but other parties in the industry have that same view. We've seen on similar awarded programs, where if it's a multi-award it tends to drive down costs and drive up innovation and performance over time. So we think it's in the best interest all around to go with a multi-vendor solution. That being said, we don't know what the government is going to do. We expect the RFP to come out over the next couple of months, but that has been moving to the right, so right now, we're still thinking it's in the next 1 or 2 months. Going into fiscal '14, we have very little actual revenue associated with winning or losing either of those 2 products. It's in the tens of millions, it's not very big. But over time, we're going to just keep our head down, keep doing the things that we do to drive innovation. And eventually, if we do not get a position on the first award, make sure that we find a way on to the program over time. I would say outside of the Army, we're very, very strong, as we've always been with SOCOM, Marine Corps, Air Force, Navy, and we do very, very well there. So our business is not just Army and it's not just manpack and Rifleman.
William R. Loomis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just staying on RF but on Public Safety, can you just expand a bit more on delays in the lower bookings? I mean we're starting to see, I think, at the fact it was -- today's Wall Street Journal, I think, had an article about how cities are now, once again, net hiring on police and fire and other infrastructures, so I assume that's good news for you down the road. But what's happening there in the quarter? And how do you see that changing over the next year?
William M. Brown: It's a good question. And we are encouraged by the improving finances generally not -- there's some, obviously, some specific exceptions to that. But generally, improving finances in the state and local area and they're hiring back firefighters and police force, other first responders. For the year in Public Safety, we're up 3.5%. We are very strong in the first half, up 10% to 12%, so a pretty good double-digit revenue growth in the first half. In the back half, we were flat to down. And then fourth quarter, we're down about 5%, 5.5%, 6%, in that range. And as Gary said in his prepared remarks, it does have to do with project delays. It's a sort of a lumpy business at times, and yes, we did see that the orders coming in earlier in the year and revenues are a bit soft. And we did have some slower terminal sales in the fourth quarter. And that's a watch item for us frankly, we got to keep an eye on that, it's an important growth initiative for us going into fiscal '14. But we saw in our largest competitor a fairly similar pattern over the course of the year. If you exclude the benefit they saw from narrowbanding, which we don't participate in because we don't participate in some of the lower end of the market, we saw about 3.5% growth for the full year. So I think we're holding our own, not gaining share, not losing but holding our own. Over time and going into the next year, we expect our business to rebound. We're pushing our team very hard to do that. We expect stronger book-to-bill, stronger growth, stronger orders momentum going into next year, and better margin performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And I just wanted to ask if you could elaborate on kind of order of timing. As we move to the year, you've had a lot of international stuff coming through of late. Should we expect that momentum to continue in the first and second quarters, or any commentary on the cadence for orders for the year?
Gary L. McArthur: Gautam, this is Gary. I don't think we're going to get specific as to timing on these orders. We did point out that we have a large amount of orders in that kind of final stages of the process. But as we've said in the past, a timing prediction on these things is very difficult. A lot of things come into play with governments and their funding, and really going to stay away, other than to say what -- echo what Bill said, I think first half, a little lighter probably than the second half on the sell side and, right now, probably Q1 a little lighter than Q2.
William M. Brown: But maybe if I can just offer just a little bit more, as we go into next year, Gautam, I know that our business, our Tactical business hinges more on international. It has been lumpy. Our pipeline, as Gary pointed out, is pretty strong. It's $2.2 billion. We've got $800 million in proposals, in closure, which looks pretty good and still pretty healthy. And the names of the countries that we've described in the past that are in that pipeline remains the same ones. More than half is Middle East and Asia where we know security is an issue, we know that U.S. is pulling back a little bit. We see Iraq in there. We see more opportunities in Saudi Arabia. We see opportunities in Jordan, the U.A.E., Afghanistan, et cetera. And I think we're well positioned in each of those. We see 15%, 20% of that pipeline to be coalition countries that are deploying wideband, Australia, it's Norway, U.K., Canada. We see good opportunities emerging in those markets as they upgrade to wideband radios. And Latin America looks pretty good at this point as well. We're well positioned in Brazil. We've got a great position on this front partnered with Embraer. We see other opportunities in Brazil. We see Mexico getting a bit stronger. And we see other countries, smaller ones, that will start to materialize over the course of fiscal '14. So I'm pretty encouraged by the strength, the -- so where the pipeline happens to be at this point. But as you know, Gautam, the timing of the orders over the course of the year is really, really difficult.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Is there anything you can say with respect to that $800 million proposals and the $400 million, U.S. side, about lumpiness, is there anything where you have 1 or 2 that are north of $100 million that are near-term, anything that could really move the needle any given quarter?
William M. Brown: No. I think we're going to stay away from that. The -- the biggest -- orders tend to be in the tens of millions. Now, we don't see a big Australia coming in. Obviously, the one we took a couple of weeks ago with Saudi Arabia is unusually big. We don't see many more that are of that size. Surprises do happen, but we don't see any of that size on a near-term horizon.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last one on just the cash redeployment for fiscal '14, what are you assuming in terms of buybacks and what have you?
William M. Brown: Yes. Going into next year, we're still looking at about $200 million of share buyback. Our dividend payout ratio, we've been targeting about 30%. And the balance, we will tend to use for paying down debt or returning another way to shareholders, so that's our plan right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Just to beat a dead horse a little bit. On the Tactical projections next year for international, how was -- what's your sense of how heavily you factored the revenue flow for international delays? It sounds like with no huge chunks that maybe the opportunity for timing issues to crop up may be less. But I'd like to hear you give your thoughts as to how heavily factored you think the projections are for timing issues.
William M. Brown: It's -- I wouldn't call it a dead horse. It's a very important discussion. But we've got a really, really strong international dealer channel and a really strong international sales force in Tactical, and they know their customers really well. They know the process. They know what it takes to get things approved. They know our competitive landscape. We've gone through the FMS process within the U.S. for international opportunities dozens and dozens and dozens of times. So we understand it very, very well. But that being said, it's just hard to predict the timing of particular orders in a quarter. We feel good about the outlook for the year. We feel good about our 12- to 18-month pipeline. But it's -- we're not going to get pushed into trying to call the ball on a particular quarter with a particular order. It's just going to set us up for failure and we're going to avoid doing that, Pete.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you feel good about the year, it's just quarter-to-quarter it could be up and down?
William M. Brown: Yes.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last one. I'm just trying to get a sense on INS, sort of how conservative you're being on the topline for INS because you talked about HITS being down, and it sounds like you think maybe NMCI is the biggest issue there. But with the protest, I mean how likely is it you're going to be able to book an NMCI revenue for the full year in fiscal '14 do you think?
William M. Brown: Well, a couple of things, maybe just a little more color on the INS growth. We're expecting the IT Services business to be down about 10% next year, and that does include the loss of NGEN. So even though we protested, and we feel we've got strong grounds for the protest, I think we thought it was prudent just pull out of our numbers, but that means that some NMCI does continue into fiscal '14, not for the full year effect, but some part of the year, we will continue to see NMCI sales. As we -- at 10% down in IT Services, if I pull out the NMCI piece, the other parts of IT Services will be down about 6%, which is sort of consistent with what we see the budgets being in IT Services for the course of next year. But we're seeing on the NMCI revenue down about 33%, about 1/3 down into next year because it's going to start to wind down and transition to NGEN over the course of the year. On the other 2 parts of INS, CapRock and Healthcare, we see both businesses to be pretty strong next year, both up high single-digits or slightly better. But in total, we see revenue to be flat at the INS segment level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty of Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess recently, you picked up a certification on PRC-152 handheld, but we haven't heard any announcements regarding your efforts to get that the 2-channel radio certified, which I believe is a prerequisite for the manpack competition. Can you give us an update on where you feel you stand in that certification?
William M. Brown: I'll have to check with the team, Chris, and get back to you with that. I don't have any real update to share on the certification. I know that we've made major progress as we talked about with WNW, and our maneuver radio, and that's working effectively. But I haven't heard anything specifically about certification from the team that's an issue or a concern with regards to the timing of the awards.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And regarding your ANW2 certification, I know you were looking to get that, put in the repository and potentially deployed across even competitor radios. Is that still something that you are focusing on?
William M. Brown: It is actually, and we're making good progress there. And in fact, we would expect that, that would happen in the first half of our fiscal year, maybe even in the first quarter.
Gary L. McArthur: Although we've worked on that all throughout the fourth -- fiscal '13 as well, and so we opened the dialogue with the DoD customer. And we expect it's going to occur in the course of next year, but timing on that -- even calling a timing on that is a bit uncertain.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just to clarify, that proprietary ANW2 waveform. I think, originally, you had to get a waiver for that to be deployed in Afghanistan, but is it now being widely used throughout your product platform?
William M. Brown: Absolutely. Yes, absolutely, across the 117G family, it's very much a part of that. It's done very, very well in these NIE testings, it's played a very important role in that as well. And I think the customers are seeing that it is very beneficial to the solution going forward.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. I think that wraps us up for today. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 3 2013 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I would like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Harris' Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Call. I'm Pamela Padgett and on the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. Our third quarter results were in line with our preliminary release, issued April 11, and significantly weaker than previously expected primarily due to U.S. and international tactical radio procurement delays. Since our second quarter earnings call, U.S. government funding constraints experienced under the continuing resolution were magnified when sequestration was triggered. The resulting slowdown in spending was felt across all of our government businesses, but most significantly in Tactical Communications, where the softness in our DoD business was exacerbated by the delay of key international awards that slipped into the fourth quarter or possibly early next fiscal year. Additionally, operating performance in Integrated Network Solutions did not meet our expectations as a result of a delay in an important software release in commercial healthcare and slower revenue growth in CapRock Communications. Now turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Earnings per share was $1.12, down 21% from the prior year non-GAAP EPS of $1.42. Revenue was down 12% compared to the prior year, with book-to-bill of 0.94%, and funded backlog was down 2% sequentially and up 3% over the prior year. We expect the fiscal environment to remain challenging, and we are implementing further company-wide restructuring and cost-reduction actions in the fourth quarter. These actions are anticipated to generate annualized savings of $40 million to $50 million, net of what we expect to pass along to our government customers. We are reducing our workforce by about 3%, including a 7% reduction in indirect employment and about a 10% reduction in our executive population. We also plan to reduce our facility footprint by about 200,000 square feet and have announced an early redemption of $300 million in debt. These reductions are in addition to previous actions taken to address the slower government spending environment. Following these actions, employment will be down by about 6% since the end of calendar 2011, including a 20% reduction in our executive population. We also continue to advance our operational excellence agenda to improve efficiency, streamline processes and lower cost, with productivity savings this year tracking well above our previously announced target of $75 million. Free cash flow was solid in the quarter at $185 million, bringing us to $382 million for the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2013, up 24% versus prior year and 96% of net income. We continue to tighten down on capital spending and now estimate a range of $185 million to $195 million versus $234 million spent last year, and we continue to return cash to shareholders, repurchasing $160 million of stock in the quarter, with plans to repurchase an additional $140 million of stock by the end of our fiscal year. Based on third quarter results, we have recalibrated our full-year guidance to reflect the current environment as we now see it. The passing of the appropriations bill has been meaningful, triggering the process for government fiscal '13 funding to work its way down to individual programs, and the release of the President's 2014 budget has provided insight into spending priorities, which appear to align well with our capabilities. However, we have yet to see how sequestration will impact specific line items, and the political horse trading behind the scenes to get a budget pass, if it happens, has just begun. As a result, we decided to provide fiscal 2014 guidance when we report our full-year results in July when we hope to have a little more clarity around government spending. I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions. So now let me turn it over to Gary to discuss segment results. Gary?
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill and good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5, revenue for RF Communications was $418 million and declined 22% compared to $538 million in the prior year. Orders for the segment totaled $486 million and book-to-bill was 1.16. In Tactical Communications, revenue was $276 million and declined 31%. Tactical Communication orders were $297 million. Backlog was $582 million and book-to-bill was 1.08. While orders in both DoD and international were down from the prior year, both DoD and international book-to-bills were greater than 1. In the quarter, we received a $26 million order from the U.S. Marine Corps and a $19 million order from the U.S. Navy for Falcon III radios, as well as a $10 million order from the Department of Defense, the first order for a new ISR product that combines wideband Tactical Communications and signals intelligence. Combining these capabilities results in a more powerful solution and a multifunctional device. It also reduces the overall weight a soldier carries. In the third quarter, Harris was awarded a $500 million increase in the ceiling value of our IDIQ contract with the U.S. Army Communications-Electronics Command or CECOM. The contract supports our foreign military sales and is encouraging as we have already booked orders against it. Significant international tactical radio orders, highlighted in our earnings release, included $40 million from Brunei, $29 million from a country in Asia, $23 million from Australia and $14 million from a country in Africa. Several international opportunities have taken longer to book than expected, pushing into later this fiscal year or some possibly into next fiscal year, including Iraq, Saudi Arabia, the Philippines and Brazil, all of which are excellent opportunities in the tens of millions of dollars. In addition, the next $50 million award from a country in Central Asia, which is part of a longer -- excuse me, a larger $400 million total opportunity mentioned last quarter, is winding its way through the FMS process and nearing completion. The 12- to 18-month international opportunity pipeline is $2.4 billion, with over $1 billion in the proposal or closure phases. This compares to $2.4 billion total pipeline with $800 million in the proposal or closure phases at the end of the second quarter. While slower than we would have liked, a number of the opportunities are very mature and nearing completion like those just mentioned, as well as others such as Poland and the country in Africa. The U.S. pipeline is $1 billion with $500 million in the proposal or closure phases. The pipeline is smaller than the second quarter, $1.2 billion, with $600 million in the proposal or closure phases. The reduction reflects the slowdown in spending, and in particular, the schedule delays in awarding the JTRS manpack Rifleman Radio and MNVR modernization opportunities. These have been reduced from $400 million in the second quarter pipeline to a total of about $200 million in our current pipeline, only 1/3 of which relates to HMS Manpack and Rifleman Radios. In Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth increased 2% to $142 million. Orders almost doubled and book-to-bill was 1.3. Public Safety orders in the quarter included $42 million from Chester County Pennsylvania, $19 million from Spotsylvania County, Virginia, to deploy P25 emergency communications systems, $23 million from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for a 2-year maintenance agreement extension to support the statewide radio system and manage the network operations center and a $6 million order in the newly awarded $17 million contract from the U.S. Marine Corps to replace the existing land mobile radio infrastructure at all 7 installations in the Eastern United States. This is the third land radio -- land mobile radio delivery order the company has received in the last year from the Marine Corps, and provides interoperability with civilian agencies, which is critical in disaster relief and in other Homeland Security events. Operating income for the RF Communications segment was $116 million. Cost reductions, our focus on operational excellence and reduced discretionary spending allowed us to achieve 27.8% operating margin in the quarter despite a 22% revenue decline. Year-over-year margin decline was driven by volume-related factory absorption and investment in higher R&D, which was up 6% for the segment and up 9% in tactical. Turning now to Slide 6 in Integrated Network Solutions. The third quarter revenue decreased 6% to $365 million. Revenue growth in CapRock of 4% and in Healthcare Solutions of 6% was more than offset by a decline in IT services revenue of 10%. In CapRock, revenue was flat in the government market, up slightly in energy with the majority of the revenue growth coming from maritime. In Healthcare Solutions, revenue in the government market increased, while commercial revenue lagged as a result of the software release delay. The software is currently being tested in a hospital environment and the new expected release date is now first quarter of fiscal 2014. We said last quarter that the profitability for healthcare in 2013 hinged on this software release, and this pushes our target for reaching full-year profitability into early fiscal 2014. We're still making good progress, reducing losses each quarter with the year-to-date down about half compared to last year. Segment orders were down 34% as a result of delayed government awards and IT services and CapRock. In the health care market, the joint effort between the DoD and VA, called iEHR, to provide a single electronic healthcare record is being reconsidered, and is causing some procurement delays. This effort will eventually provide new opportunities and our credentials in this area are strong. For example, we've been executing well on a major interoperability contract that we won last year and have started 2 initial DoD medical center deployments in Texas and Virginia. Under this multi-year $80 million healthcare integration contract, we developed and are now deploying, a service-oriented architecture suite that will support information sharing and enable new types of clinical collaboration and integration of legacy data. This will be the largest healthcare interoperability system of its kind ever built. In addition, Healthcare Solutions was awarded in the quarter a 4-year contract with a potential value of $38 million from the VA to supply enterprise data warehouse services. With this contract, we have leveraged our strong competitive position in providing interoperability solutions and moved upstream, giving us the opportunity to provide business intelligence capabilities and predictive analytics. Key orders at CapRock included $24 million from several U.S. government customers under the DISA Future Commercial Satellite Communication Services Acquisition program and $17 million follow-on order in maritime from CSnet International for the continued operation and maintenance of a subsea ocean observatory in the Mediterranean Sea. In IT services, we received a $24 million order from the Canadian Department of National Defense for the Avionics Optimized Weapon Systems Support Program for the CF-18 Hornet fleet. In Integrated Network Solutions segment, operating income was $30 million compared with prior year GAAP operating income of $22 million and non-GAAP of $33 million. Operating performance improvement in Healthcare Solutions was more than offset by an operating income decline in IT services as a result of lower sales volume. In CapRock, operating performance improved somewhat after excluding expenses associated with third quarter cost reductions. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in government communications was $442 million, decreasing 6% from the prior year. Slightly higher revenue from civil customers and flat revenue from national customers was more than offset by a mid-teen decrease in revenue from Department of Defense. Operating income was $67 million compared with $64 million in the prior year, and operating margin was 15.2% as a result of strong program performance on fixed-price contracts, including excellent performance on satellite programs. As previously announced, we completed the sale of the Broadcast Communications business in early February. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was $185 million versus $152 million last year. Capital expenditures were $49 million compared to $53 million in the prior year. During the quarter, we repurchased about 3.4 million shares of our common stock for a total cash outlay of $160 million. Year-to-date repurchases totaled $260 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.9% and was favorably impacted by the reenacted R&D investment tax credit, as well as favorable tax settlements. Moving to Slide 9, as previously announced, we updated guidance to reflect budget uncertainty and delays in international tactical radio awards. For total Harris, revenue is now expected to be down 6% to 7% and EPS in the range of $4.60 to $4.70. In RF Communications, our previous guidance of 7% to 9% lower is now 12% to 14% lower. Operating margin is now expected to be around 29%, including 70 to 80 basis points impact of higher R&D expense. In Integrated Network Solutions, we've lowered our revenue guidance from a decline of 0% to 1% to a decline of 4% to 5% to reflect further weakness in government markets and slower-than-expected growth in commercial markets. Operating margin is now expected to be about 8% for the segment. In Government Communications Systems, we expect revenue to be flat to slightly down compared to previous expectations of 1% to 2% growth. As a result of continued excellent program execution and continued favorable program product mix, we expect margin to remain around 14.5%. We now expect our tax rate for the fiscal year to be approximately 31%. We continue to scrutinize capital spending. Our revised guidance for CapEx is now $185 million to $195 million, and we now expect to generate free cash flow in a range of $500 million to $550 million, lower than our previous guidance of $590 million to $650 million as a result of lower income, slower pay by the U.S. government and cash restructuring charges. Based on revised guidance, free cash flow to non-GAAP net income will still be around $100%. With that, let me turn it back to you, Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay, well, thank you, Gary. During this time of transition in the U.S. government market, we're focused on the things that we control. We're implementing further cost reduction actions to position our company for success and we'll continue to adapt as the market dictates, adjusting our cost structure accordingly, while investing in long-term growth. Our focus is also on execution. Our initiatives in Healthcare Solutions in CapRock are not producing the revenue growth and improved margins as quickly as expected. The integration has been difficult and progress has been choppy, as the businesses still lack maturity in systems and processes. We have new leadership at healthcare and at the INS segment level. We've mobilized the best talent from across the company, and we're focused on rapidly addressing these issues. The healthcare market and the energy and maritime market addressed by CapRock are strong in growing, and we're committed to building the talent and skill set to support these businesses as part of a broader, multi-year strategy of excessing, growing commercial markets and creating a larger international footprint. A transformation to this scale have its challenges like we're currently experiencing, but we remain confident about our ultimate success in executing our strategy. We are committed throughout our company to operational excellence, continuous improvement and increasing customer value, and doing these things well would drive superior shareholder returns. And now with that, I'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wonder if you might characterize the -- what the guidance for RF and tactical implies for the mix between international and domestic revenues for the year and how you see that business exiting domestic versus international in the fourth quarter.
William M. Brown: Well, we knew that coming into the year that international would be higher than the DoD business on orders, on sales and that remains to be the case throughout the full year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is it materially different in the fourth quarter because of the order delays? I mean, I think, a little bit better than half. I'm just trying to figure out, is there a difference in the trends of domestic versus international specifically in the fourth quarter due to the slippage of the international orders that you're talking about for the remainder of the year?
William M. Brown: I mean, we expect the fourth quarter is going to be pretty strong on the international business, and I think consistent in the fourth quarter as like for the full year, probably 8 to 10 points higher in international than it is on the DoD side.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how do you think about the risk around some of these slippages to the right? Obviously, budget has a lot of pressures. How are you thinking about the risk that these orders may not slide and just slide to the right, but may not materialize in the amounts that you were previously thinking? I know you highlighted a little bit of degradation in the pipeline, but how do you think about the risk that maybe these don't just slide, they come in at much lower amounts than what you were thinking originally?
William M. Brown: Yes, well, look, we -- our forecast in our guidance, as we see it today, is based on a bottoms-up approach and we've spoken with all of our customers. We do this as we normally do program by program, opportunity by opportunity, and obviously, we scrubbed this pretty closely as carefully as best as we can, knowing the information that's at our fingertips. It seems on the DoD side, the team is quite confident that with the appropriations bill that's been signed, the procurement freeze that we've seen so far over the course of the last several months is starting to fall. In fact, the dialogue that we're seeing with DoD customers is showing a little more confidence and optimism today than really just another -- a month or 2 ago. On the international side, we are seeing good progress, really good movement on some opportunities. Gary talked about a number of them in Iraq, principally the MoD, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Poland, country in Central Asia. Not all of those, Carter, have to book and ship in order to hit our guidance. And I think the $500 million increase in the CECOM IDIQ, I think, is a very positive sign for us overall in the support of the U.S. government for certain international markets. So we believe our forecast, our guidance here for the fourth quarter is appropriately calibrated and hedged, and that we feel comfortable that we can hit the guidance range that we set for the full year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow-up briefly on INS, I mean, there's a lot of moving pieces here. I know you had talked about expecting some margin pressure and hits due to the NMCI contract, but also, as you look through the rest of the businesses and healthcare and that breakeven target moving a little bit and CapRock growing a little bit slower and just in general, your commentary across those businesses, how do you think about the long-term margin target for that business and the ability to -- and timing to get to double-digit margins there?
William M. Brown: Our long-term target for INS hasn't changed from before. We still see ourselves getting into the low teens over all. We do know that in the IT services business. Margins will come down. They've been very solid for the year. We've been pleasantly surprised with the performance, of the team, and taking out costs as revenue changes and margins have stayed in the pretty solid double-digit rate through the course of fiscal '13 and we feel pretty good about that. That being said, it's not materialized as strongly as we had hoped in both healthcare and CapRock, and instead of the several hundred basis point improvement in CapRock margins for the year, it's quite a bit lower than that. We're not pleased with that, but that doesn't change our long-term perspective that CapRock should be a low- to mid-teens type margin business comparable with other people in the space. And healthcare should also be a low- to mid-teens maybe in the high teens ROS business over time. So I wouldn't lock myself into today in terms of the timeframe to get to that, but I don't change my perspective today that INS, as a whole, can get to the low-teens over time.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But the targets are unchanged?
William M. Brown: Not changed, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first, just, Bill, from the last question, for tactical, how much business do you need to book in turn in the quarter to hit your guidance for the fourth quarter?
Gary L. McArthur: In our guidance for the fourth quarter, we need to turn a significant amount of orders here in the months of May and June. We have a significant amount of the business already in backlog, and as Bill had mentioned, we're expecting a bigger increase in orders in revenue coming from international than we are from the domestic side.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in GCS, you mentioned that the civil business is holding up pretty well. We've all heard about the cuts, the FAA. Have you seen any change in your civil businesses since sequestration began to kick in, and I guess, the effects of the sequestration have begun to bite a bit harder? Or do you think you're kind of steady state right now?
William M. Brown: Interestingly, we've -- both in what we see in fiscal '13 and then also what we see in the President's budget for fiscal '14, we feel pretty good about both our weather programs and the FAA. In fact, on the weather side, it looks like the weather systems, in general, was well-supported. Those are funding for -- next year's up 19%. The FAA programs are well-supported. FTI, which is our -- the backbone we provide for the FAA is well-funded. There's $1 billion in the budget for the NextGen programs. So we've seen no impact in fiscal '13, and we're not expecting any impact going into fiscal '14.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then one last question about the restructuring. Clearly, you're taking a lot of costs out. I imagine a part of that is you found areas where maybe you had unnecessary costs. A part of that is, I imagine, taking out some capacity. So to what extent can we read into this that you see lower potential business going forward, as well and that you need to resize the overall business for that and how should we think about that?
William M. Brown: Well, I think, we're taking out cost in order to address what we know as a declining revenue environment. It's reflected in our fiscal '13 guidance that we provided today. We see opportunities across lots of areas in the company, including in our executive population, our indirects. We've taken a harder look at our facilities, some offices around the D.C., Virginia area, but also a few larger facilities and we're taking action to address the cost structure that we happen to have. I think it's going to position us very, very well for success going forward, and it will allow us to reinvest and continue to invest in long-term growth of the company as we've been doing so far year-to-date on growth initiatives and R&D spending.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: I guess, on RF on Tactical Comms, I'm just wondering. I guess, the nature of that business, it's pretty quick turnaround, but I wonder if you can characterize the revenue decline. Was it across-the-board in U.S. DoD? Was it service-specific? Any more color that you can add on the revenue decline?
William M. Brown: Across the DoD business, I think it would be fair to say that most of the decline occurred in the U.S. Army over the course of year-to-date, as well as we expect for the full year.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then can you -- I guess, at this point, it's -- some of these upcoming, excuse me, competitions are fairly critical. I wonder if you can update us on the timing of some of the big ones, the JTRS manpack, the MNVR and whatever else you want to mention, appliqué or Rifleman Radio?
William M. Brown: Yes, sure. On the manpack and the Rifleman, it appears that both of those programs are getting delayed by about 6 months. That's the latest information that I have. It looks like the RFP is going to come out sometime in the August, September time frame, depending upon the manpack or the Rifleman. The award will be early next year in the February, March time frame, and delivery will be sort of late spring or early summer in the May, June, July time frame for both of the rifleman and the manpack. The MNVR does appear to be tracking closer to the current schedule that we last talked about. Delayed by about 1 month, we still expect an award in June, certainly, the date before the end of our fiscal year. And I understand deliveries on that program will occur early in calendar '14 like around February time frame.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. I'll just take one more, I guess, on capital deployment. Guys, you're retiring $300 million in debt. Should we expect share repurchases to slow, going forward, for a while as a result of that deployment? And also wondering about acquisitions, divestitures, kind of how you're thinking about that right now?
William M. Brown: What we said during the prepared remarks is that we do intend to continue to buy back stock going through the fourth quarter, another $140 million, our current target. That would put us to $400 million total for the year, exactly in line with what we had committed before, $200 million of our "regular" buyback, $200 million from the proceed of selling BCD, the broadcast business. And going into next fiscal year, we don't see our capital deployment strategy to be deviating substantially from where we're at today.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol from JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the Tactical Communications margins, you guys don't disclose them discreetly, but it looks like they were probably in the 37% range. Just was wondering, either Bill or Gary, if you could just comment, help provide some color around the different moving parts that drive that and how important is volume? What's going on with pricing and then mix? I know it's an open-ended question, but margins were down not surprisingly, given the volume, but were down quite a bit year-on-year. Just trying to gauge what the moving parts look like.
William M. Brown: Yes, I think the -- a couple of things. One, we -- in everything that we do in today's environment, we always get price pressure and we push on that very hard. We continue to sell value in the value of our products, and I think we've been successful in holding the line on pricing. What we have seen in our margins overall in RF, and importantly in the tactical business, are 2 things. One is because of the volume deterioration, we're starting to run in the factory absorption problems, and that's the one thing that did ding us in the quarter. The other is continued investment in R&D. And then for the full year, we see that that's probably 70, 80 basis points of impact at the RF segment level. We continue to invest importantly in the tactical business, and those are the 2, I think, principal factors that are impacting our margins in tactical communications.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So as you look at the profile, rather than year-on-year, if you look sequentially, I mean, there's nothing about -- considering that your book-to-bill was a little over 1 here, and it looks like your volume in Q4 should be in line with Q3 or better and you're looking for orders to pick back up, you wouldn't expect really any more adverse reaction to your margins unless volume were to, again, deteriorate?
William M. Brown: No, we don't. We guided for the year 29%. That certainly has an implication for what the ROS is, what the segment is in Q4. It does hinge on volume as you just pointed out. We know the investment that we're making and making in Q4 as well. So at the moment, we don't think it has any further downside.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just over on government comms, your margins there continue to be better and better, hitting 15% here. Could you, I guess, give a little more context around EAC or cum catch-up adjustments and how those have been performing? And maybe, I know you're not giving guidance for next year yet, but a little more color as to how you're thinking about that margin performance going into -- going forward.
William M. Brown: Well, we're thrilled with the performance of the GCS team, and they've done a fantastic job. They're executing very, very well on a number of different dimensions, and we're thrilled with the margin performance in the quarter. That being said, I think we pointed out to you before that, that high level of ROS is not sustainable. It's going to come down, and we'll probably be adjusting as we go into fiscal '14. It probably won't be any different than what we've talked about in June of last year, but that is a very special margin rate that we happen to hit. On the EACs, we'll be showing in the Q that our EACs this year are about $16 million in the quarter, it's pretty consistent with the EAC adjustments in the quarter last year. So year-over-year, not a big driver of margin performance. I think it's truly just very good execution by the team at GCS.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Very good. And then, Bill, if you don't mind, just one more on back to RF and the international on tactical. It seems like there's been -- there's a number of things that have slipped, and it seems like it's getting a little better here. I know it's a lot of different countries and you named a whole bunch of the important ones, but is there anything bigger picture, whether it's Department of State, Department of Defense, Afghanistan? What's going on with the conflict that's really underpinning a lot of the movement in the order stream? Or is this really all just sort of one-off different moving pieces? And give us the latest, I guess, on -- if there are any larger factors at play here, what -- how you're thinking about them.
William M. Brown: There's really not -- I wouldn't say a lot of larger factors. Obviously, as we spoke last time for the country in Central Asia that is supported by the FMS process, there had been some sand in the gears in that process. We see that starting to break up a little bit and more progress being made. I'm pretty confident that we're not losing share. We're confident that the market opportunities we've talked about before remain. The pipeline is still very robust at $2.4 billion. Joe, it's really just the timing that's very, very difficult to predict. Keep in mind, we're coming off of a very strong 2012. Orders and revenue were very strong last year, up double digits and to record levels. In February of this year, I was in the Middle East at the trade show, and met with the dealers and then customers of all of the customers that we've just spoken about, Iraq, Saudi, UAE, Jordan, Afghanistan, Pakistan. And look, I think we're very well-positioned with excellent products and a very strong reputation in all of those markets. Wideband still is a very, very large untapped opportunity in international markets, and what I observed when I was there through direct conversation is some of the competitors we play against in the international markets have pulled back a little bit on investment in new products, and in fact, we're throttling up, investing in new products, new capabilities to expand the addressable market, and I think we're very, very well-positioned. It's really just a matter of timing. I do hope that you'll see some good announcements coming forth from us in the fourth quarter based on the pipeline that we see maturing in international.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Bill, you mentioned, I think, in your opening remarks being somewhat pleased with the DoD's priorities as they were expressed in the '14 request. I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on this because when we look at some of the radio line items, nearly all were kind of revised downwards from the fiscal '13 request. So where do you see kind of the alignment shaping out well?
William M. Brown: Yes. The -- look, my comment was really more around the overall budget that the President put forth. I think that's very encouraging. It did give a lot of insights on priorities, and I think that is aligned pretty well with our capabilities. I referenced a bit about some of the positives on weather systems and the impact on GOES-R, the FAA programs, which we feel very, very good about, and we do a lot of work with the VA and IT services for the VA is up double-digit rates. I think on -- perhaps, on the other side of the coin, maybe a little bit more balance on tactical radios. You're right, it's a bit mixed. SOCOM, Air Force, Marine Corps funding is down. Army modernization is supported, although it really is at a slower rate, but I'm pleased to see the commitment to modernization. I'm pleased to see the commitment to open competition. I'm thrilled that the manpack RDT&E has been brought down from $120 million just last year to $5 million. I think these are all very, very important steps that have been taken, and I think work in our favor in many ways over the long term. I do see national intelligence programs funding coming down a little bit. So I think there are some things that are positive in President's budget. There's also some things that, I guess, provide a bit more balance. So for us, like really all other Americans, there is something for everyone to not like in what came out in the President's budget, but we recognize as everyone else does that it's pre-sequestration. It's pre-negotiation on entitlements and on revenue. So I think there's a lot of ground to cover between now and a fiscal '14 budget if that happens over the course of the summer. So we're just being prudent on where we speak today.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-up, if I may, can you comment on sort of the duration of the backlog and how that's evolved over the last year? Because, obviously, you had north of 560 in backlog entering the quarter, which would have covered kind of flat sequential sales, you'd think. So I'm just curious how do we think about the delivery timing on some of the orders already booked.
Gary L. McArthur: Gautam, this is Gary. I don't know if the duration of the backlog has changed materially, obviously, in the backlog, had included some products and services for Australia that were expected over time, country in Northern Africa, as well as ongoing program, we're into different phases of that. So some of that is expected over time. And the backlog did come in slightly higher in tactical compared sequentially to where it was. So overall, I wouldn't say the duration of the backlog changed materially from what we had expected.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I might ask one more, I'm sorry. Last year, I think you had an Investor Day, and it doesn't sound like you have one this year, where you're offered kind of, at least, a preliminary deal on the September quarter. And I just wondered if you could give us, given the restructuring and all the moving pieces, I mean, should we expect that to be kind of the lightest for the year and sequentially down from Q4? Or how do you just directionally think of the profile in '14?
William M. Brown: We're not -- I mean, as I mentioned in the remarks, we're not going to provide any fiscal '14 guidance today. There's a budget. There's some visibility we still like to see from U.S. government funding. We will provide some guidance towards the end of July when we publish our full-year '13 results. But like, I think, for us and everybody else, I think, our first quarter, which is the last quarter, the government fiscal year '13 is likely to be challenging for everybody. We are moving fast on the restructuring. Much of the things that we're doing will occur in the course of the fourth quarter. I hope that will give us tailwind going into the fiscal year, but a lot hinges on the behavior of the government customers, and we'll shed some more light on the full year, as well as the balance over the course of the year when we speak at the end of July.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan from Sterne Agee.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: For the CapRock business, can you expand on the slower-than-expected revenue growth? I mean the Gulf rig count activity appears to be a little bit better than expected. Was the weakness coming from land-based government communications? Or has there been any sort of technological shift in offshore use of SATCOM versus, say, plain fiber optic cable?
William M. Brown: No, the -- look on the -- in CapRock, the maritime business performed, we think, very, very well. Royal Caribbean was a key driver of that. We're performing very, very well. All 33, 34 boats that we're doing for Royal Caribbean are done and operating and I think that customer is very, very pleased. So we've seen good growth on the maritime side. The government side was relatively weak. We think that, that is market related. On energy, it was weak. It was disappointing. From my perspective, it was due principally to execution. I think, in some ways, we stubbed our toe a little bit on the energy side and in our responsiveness to our customers. And I want to reassure you, we've got people focused on that. We're going to get that fixed.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on the Healthcare Solutions business, I mean, how is the rightsizing of the commercial business progressing? I know you have this delay here, but are you still investing in that vertical for growth? Are you looking at more at harvesting at this point?
William M. Brown: No, we're not going to be harvesting. I think this is not an issue of cost takeout. It's about getting a piece of software right, and we got a good set of team that's pushing on this. We will launch it in the first quarter of fiscal '14. From what I have seen and heard with large commercial healthcare operators who have seen the software that we're going to be releasing. They were enthusiastic about it. They're excited about it. I have to say it's a very complicated piece of software, which is what has caused us some difficulties, but this is an investment. We are going to move forward with it, and I think, ultimately, we're going to be very successful in the commercial healthcare side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty from Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on your comment about the R&D investments in the RF business. Can you clarify, is that a stepped-up level of investment from what you had planned, perhaps, a year ago? And if so, is it being driven by the tactical radio or the first responders side of the business? And is it primarily a new product or is it pushed into new product areas?
Gary L. McArthur: Chris, this is Gary. We definitely have stepped up the R&D investment, as we talked about, doing a year-over-year compare. A lot of the investment is in the Tactical Communications area. It has to do with building the 2 channel manpack, making sure the wave forms are where they need to be on WNW. So a lot of investment is going in there, as well as we have increased investment in public safety, where we're continuing to invest in LTE. We expect that market to take longer to come to fruition, but it is an important area for us and we're investing there as well.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Speaking of wave forms, have you ever made progress on the ANW2 and getting that accepted into the repository?
William M. Brown: We continue to work on that. We do know that, that is very important for the U.S. Army, and really, the services, in general, in particular the U.S. Army, to have a nonproprietary waveforms in their fielding requirements and we continue to push on this, and we'll update you as we make progress.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up on the Public Safety business, can you just give us sort of an update on where you think you stand with that business both in terms of your product offering, your geographical presence and the overall spending environment for the local municipal government market relative to the federal?
Gary L. McArthur: Okay, Chris, this is Gary again. In the public safety market, looking across our product line, we think we have quality products. We think there's additional room for taking out costs of those products, but we expect to be more competitive over time in the terminal fees. I think on these systems and the open architecture, I think we're extremely competitive with Motorola in that space. And in looking at the government market, right now, we're seeing that state and local growing mid-single digits. So we're seeing opportunities there to continue to increase our revenue with the market growth, as well as taking share from Motorola.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski of Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow-up on that last one, public safety. It seemed like you had a fantastic first half of the year, and it seemed like revenue kind of slowed in the quarter, and I think you have a really tough comp in the fourth quarter this year. So I'm just wondering, overall, do you still expect the type of growth for the full year in public safety that you were thinking earlier in the year or is the market slowing there?
William M. Brown: We still see very good growth for the year in public safety. We think it's going to be up mid-single digits. The orders in Q3 were very strong, and as Gary pointed out, was up more than double in the quarter, 1.33 book-to-bill. I think the outlook for that business continues to be very, very positive. We will see a slightly weaker second half than we saw in the first half. We saw a very strong first half result, but the backlog is solid. The pipeline is large, it's healthy. I think we're doing a very, very good job winning large program opportunities in the marketplace. Those, as you know, could be lumpy. We went for a number of quarters with book-to-bill less than 1. I think we need to and will do better on the flow business, which is the terminal side of the business. But in general, I think we feel still pretty good about growth this year as well as long-term growth possibilities in Public Safety. I think there's lots of opportunities to grow and improve margins in that business.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay and just one last one if I could. I apologize if you spoke to this already, but on the cost reductions in the $40 million to $50 million annual savings, is that company-wide? Or is it focused on RF, in particular? And then as a corollary, the previously announced charges, $65 million to $115 million, have you narrowed those and are they going to be all booked at the corporate level?
William M. Brown: Well, that is company-wide and it's across all the businesses, as well as at corporate. The charges will likely be booked, I think, Gary, at the corporate level. And the delta between the low-end and the high-end is just potential impairments that we might have to take, including in the healthcare business in the fourth quarter. That is yet to be determined and that's the delta between the low-end and the high-end of the cost range.
Pamela Padgett: I think that wraps us up. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Thanks for joining, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Justin Amero Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Harris Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President in Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett. And on the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Well, great. Thank you, Pam, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. Since our first quarter earnings call in late October, the government market has become more uncertain and spending, more constrained. But even in this challenging environment, second quarter results were solid. Turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Earnings per share was $1.25, $0.01 higher than prior year non-GAAP EPS and $0.07 higher than prior year GAAP EPS, even with revenue down 2%. Orders were up 30% over the prior year and up double digit in all 3 segments, resulting in a book-to-bill of greater than 1 and funded backlog essentially flat to prior quarter and up about 10% over prior year. A continued focus on operational excellence and productivity is mitigating the impact of the lower revenue. Cost reductions from restructuring actions and efficiencies in the manufacturing and supply chain are now tracking above our target of $75 million, and we continue to further reduce corporate expense, which is down 15% in the first half and is now on track to be down about 20% for the year versus fiscal 2012. Cost reduction isn't coming at the expense of investment in the future. While we continue to focus on lowering cost, we're increasing investment in product development, with total company funded R&D up 15% in the quarter on top of a 4% increase in Q1. Year-over-year Tactical Communications operating margin held steady again this quarter, while operating margin for the RF segment was slightly lower as a result of business mix related to revenue growth in Public Safety. Government Communications Systems reported another excellent quarter, with revenue growth of 4% and operating margin of 14.9%. And our growth initiatives in Integrated Network Solutions performed well, with CapRock and Healthcare achieving significant increases in orders and revenue, as well as improved operating performance. Gary will provide a little more color on segment performance in just a few minutes. Free cash flow was solid in the quarter at $120 million, bringing us to $200 million -- or approximately $200 million for the first half of fiscal '13, about 25% higher than prior year. We continue to tighten down on capital spending and for the first half, are trending well below last year and our previous guidance. While our results in the quarter was solid, the indecision and political gridlock in Washington is creating an even more challenging budget environment. The potential for an extended CR, combined with the continuing threat of sequestration, is creating a good deal of uncertainty around expected spending levels. Since early January, the commentary and tone out of the DOD has changed significantly, and they have now dropped their previous approach of not planning for sequestration. Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter, in a mid-January memo, directed the services to slow spending now and plan for the worst. This was followed by budget guidance memos from each of the services outlining immediate actions to reduce overall spending: freezing civilian hiring, terminating temporary employees, deferring maintenance and looking at all contracts for savings and if necessary, to consider civilian furloughs. Within the last few weeks, we've seen a market change in behavior from several of our U.S. tactical radio customers, as they've turned their attention to sorting out what they can afford to spend and where they need to preserve funding in the face of no budget, a possible expanded CR and even potentially bigger sequestration cuts. This sorting out of budget priorities without having any clarity on what the ultimate budget will be is causing procurement to slow. And while the deadline remains on the horizon, it sure feels to us as if our customers are starting to act like sequestration has already been triggered. And as you know, our prior guidance, which was initially set in April last year, didn't include sequestration. We're hopeful that this gridlock is relatively short-lived and that we'll soon see some budget clarity, with procurement back on track. But for now, we feel it's prudent to reflect in our guidance the reduced discretionary spending we're now seeing and what we believe is the potential impact of greater budget uncertainty on our back half results. I'll come back with a few comments before we open up the call to questions. So let me now turn it over to Gary to discuss segment results.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. Revenue for RF Communications was $486 million and declined 8% compared to $526 million in the prior year. Orders for this segment totaled $402 million and book-to-bill was 0.83. In Tactical Communications, revenue was $337 million and declined 14%. The decline in DOD revenue was partially offset by higher international revenue. As we previously communicated, we are expecting tough year-over-year revenue comparison in fiscal 2013 as the market transitions from strong [indiscernible] to a multi-billion dollar modernization cycle. Tactical Communication orders were $287 million. Backlog was $561 million, and book-to-bill was 0.85. Orders in both DOD and international were up significantly from the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill slightly better than in the first quarter and limiting backlog erosion to about $50 million. Based on a bottoms-up analysis of specific opportunities over the next 12 to 18 months, the opportunity pipeline is about $1.2 billion in the U.S., with close to $600 million in the proposal or closure phases. International pipeline is $2.4 billion, with over $800 million in the proposal or closure phases. Once an opportunity makes it to these phases, our win rate is typically very high. Key wins in the quarter highlight how we are expanding our addressable markets through product investments and convergence of military and civil security in the international markets. In the international market, Harris received orders totaling $42 million, $36 million in the quarter and $6 million after the close of the quarter, from a country in central Asia for the first phase of a multi-phase integrated C4ISR system that uses Falcon III high-capacity line of sight radios as a high-speed secure communications backbone. An additional $50 million order we were counting on now looks to be moving out of our fiscal year as a result of a longer FMS approval cycle than expected, contributing to the reduced revenue guidance for RF. The political climate continues to improve, and we remain confident that the $400 million of future opportunity in the central Asia country will be realized. Harris was awarded $33 million in orders from a NATO country to supply $22 million in Falcon III handheld radios and $11 million in smaller secure personal radios. Several years ago, Harris was a new entrant in the international secure personal radio market segment. We quickly gained market share, selling over 39,000 units. And for calendar 2012, we are now ranked #1 in the international market. The U.S. market for personal radios is just emerging and was initiated as a sole-sourced procurement of radios, called Rifleman Radios, under the HMS portion of the JTRS program of record. With open procurement for Rifleman Radios now underway, we are bringing this very successful radio back to the U.S. and incorporating the SRW waveform, leveraging the distinct advantage gained from product synergies. You may recall from our June analyst meeting that the U.S. version is called the RF-330E. In several international markets, we are benefiting from convergent synergies between military tactical radio and public safety opportunities. In the second quarter, we received a $31 million order from the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago for a P25 land mobile radio system to provide fully interoperable, seamless communication between military personnel using existing Falcon radios and law enforcement agencies providing public safety. In this instance, a longstanding tactical relationship expanded into a public safety opportunity. We are seeing similar tactical radio and public safety opportunities in Latin America. In Brazil, we received several orders totaling $24 million to supply Falcon III radios and Unity radios to provide interoperability between military and civil police, similar to what we saw last quarter from Mexico. In Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth was strong, increasing 10% to $149 million, and our orders were up 35%. Our backlog in Public Safety is solid and contains multiyear program wins, and the opportunity pipeline is still a healthy $3 billion. Operating income for the segment was $151 million, down from prior year as a result of lower tactical revenue. Segment operating margin held strong at 31.1%. As expected, a shift in product mix due to strong revenue growth in public safety caused operating margin to decline from prior year's 32.8%. As Bill mentioned, Tactical Communications' operating margin was essentially flat with the prior year on lower revenue, which is really good performance. Turning now to Slide 6 and Integrated Network Solutions. Second quarter revenue increased 3% to $396 million. Solid growth in CapRock of 9% and in Healthcare Solutions of 21% was partially offset by a decline in IT Services revenue, primarily from the loss of the Patriot program. This marks the last tough compare related to the loss of Patriot. CapRock revenue was higher in all 3 markets: energy, maritime and government, with the majority of revenue growth in energy and maritime. Segment orders were up 11%. In CapRock, orders were up 21%, with strength across energy, maritime and government. Key orders at CapRock included a contract extension expanding a recent large and strategic win in the maritime market with Royal Caribbean; and in energy, with wins at Baker Hughes and Anadarko. And as a result of CapRock's joint initiative with RF Communications, we received, from a country in Europe, our first win for a new service, an end-to-end commercial UHF tactical satellite solution. The same service can be provided to other international customers. According to reports, the global government demand for UHF satellite capacity exceeds government-owned supply by over 200%. Over time, we believe this new CapRock service offering could generate an annual revenue in the tens of millions of dollars. In Healthcare, orders more than doubled over the prior year, driven by continued strength in the government market, as well as a pickup in new awards in the commercial area. We had 4 awards totaling $20 million from large enterprise health care providers for our clinical integration solution, hosting services and health information exchange capabilities. In the Integrated Network Solutions segment, operating income was $32 million compared with GAAP operating income of $20 million in the prior year and non-GAAP of $29 million. Non-GAAP segment operating margin in the quarter increased from 7.6% in the prior year to 8.2%, mainly as a result of improved operating performance in CapRock and operating income in IT Services holding flat on lower sales. Healthcare operating cost was slightly lower than the prior year and compared to our first quarter. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in Government Communications was $439 million, increasing 4% over the prior year. Year-over-year revenue increases from the GOES-R weather program, the Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment Program and classified programs were partially offset by continued slower spending by the Department of Defense. Operating income was $66 million compared with $63 million in the prior year, and operating margin was a strong 14.9%, as a result of excellent execution and award fees, favorable program product mix and a favorable CAS 403 settlement. Key wins in the quarter included awards totaling $242 million from several classified customers and Harris' selection as 1 of 20 prime contractors to compete for work under the 5-year $10 billion GTACS IDIQ contract. Turning to discontinued operations. We expect to close the sale of Broadcast in early February, and we have a signed agreement for the sale of the Cyber data center. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was $120 million versus $159 million last year, with operating cash flow of $159 million compared to $199 million in the prior year and capital expenditures of $39 million compared to $41 million in the prior year. During the quarter, we repurchased 1,022,000 shares of our common stock at an average per share price of $48.91. This is in line with our planned $200 million in share repurchases from the free cash flow for the year, and we continue to plan to purchase an additional $200 million in shares upon the successful conclusion of the Broadcast sale. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.8% and favorably impacted by tax settlements. Moving to Slide 9. As Bill explained, we're updating our guidance range to reflect expected slower spending, as a result of greater budget uncertainty and the sequestration-like environment we currently find ourselves in. For total Harris, revenue is now expected to be down 2% to 4% and EPS in the range of $5 to $5.20, with lower expected revenue in Tactical and IT Services, partially offset by higher operating margin in Government Communications Systems, continued cost reductions and a more favorable tax rate. In RF Communications, U.S. budget uncertainty and a delayed international order caused by a longer-than-expected FMS approval cycle has caused us to reduce our revenue guidance from 3% to 4% lower to 7% to 9% lower. As a result of continued focus on operational excellence and further cost reductions, we expect to hold operating margins at 30%, the low end of previous expectations. In Integrated Network Solutions, we have lowered our revenue guidance from 4% to 5% growth to a decline of 0% to 1% to reflect further weakness in IT Services, which is now expected to be down 10% to 14%, around 2% to 4% down, excluding the Patriot program. Margin expectations are now 9% to 10% for the segment. In Government Communications Systems, we expect revenue to grow 1% to 2% compared to previous expectations of 2% to 3%. As a result of continued excellent program execution and continued favorable program product mix, we expect margin to be higher, at around 14.5%. We now expect our tax rate for the fiscal year to decline from 33%, which already included the R&D tax credit, to 32% as a result of favorable U.S. and international tax settlements. The R&D investment tax credit expected benefit in 3Q is roughly $7 million and in Q4, roughly $1 million. And looking at the back half of our fiscal year, as a result of greater budget uncertainty and the expected timing of international orders, our expectation is now for 3Q earnings per share to be in line with 2Q '13. We continue to scrutinize capital spending and are being conservative on cash deployment. CapEx for the first half of the year was $83 million, $40 million lower than in the first half of the prior year. Our revised guidance for CapEx is now $200 million to $210 million. We expect to generate another year of strong free cash flow in a range of $590 million to $650 million. And with that, let me turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Gary. We remain hopeful that sequestration and budget uncertainty are soon resolved so we can get more clarity not only on the current GFY '13 budget but some indication of the GFY '14 budget and the direction and priorities over the next several years. We believe the guidance provided captures the challenging budget environment for the back half of fiscal '13 as we now see it, and we stand ready to adjust our cost structure, as appropriate, for fiscal '14, once there is more clarity on the extent of expected budget reductions. As I mentioned at our analyst meeting last June, we said we would address the possibility of sequestration and government budget uncertainty by focusing on the things we control, such as executing in our core businesses and exiting what's non-core, integrating recent acquisitions, driving operational excellence and lowering cost while investing in the future through increased R&D. We are making good progress in all of these areas. We're growing share with core customers, like the FAA, recently winning 2 large NextGen programs; and with our classified customers, where orders and revenue continue to climb as a result of our unique capabilities. We have focused our portfolio and are close to the end on Broadcast and Cyber. We're integrating, growing and improving our performance in our recent acquisitions, CapRock, Healthcare and Public Safety, with each showing solid growth in margin performance in the first half, results which indicate we're well on our way to making these growth initiatives a valuable part of Harris. We're increasing our international market presence by capturing synergies and convergence opportunities like between Tactical and Public Safety in Trinidad and Tobago, Brazil and Mexico; and between Tactical and CapRock, with the UHF satellite service that CapRock is now offering to international Falcon users. We're stepping up our game on operational excellence, and we're tracking well above our $75 million productivity target for the year. And at the same time, we're investing more in R&D, recently launching a number of new products, including AppStar, InTouch, KnightLite, ReCon, Seeker, the 700 and 800 megahertz versions of XG-25 and a ruggedized tablet computer. We have reduced our capital intensity, with CapEx down about 30% in the first half, allowing us to maintain strong free cash flow. We're deploying capital in a shareholder-friendly way, and we've raised our dividend twice in the last 12 months. Now we've rounded out our leadership team, with a new head of Integrated Network Solutions and a new head of Healthcare. We are making good progress. I'm confident in our strategy, and I'm optimistic about the long-term potential of the company as we address the fiscal challenges we've been anticipating for some time. We have a terrific team, working very hard and executing exceptionally well in a difficult environment. And with that, I'd like to ask the operator to now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a big-picture question for you, Bill. And then, I want to kind of go off your comments you made right there at the end about being optimistic about the longer-term outlook for the company. I wondered if you might speak to the longer term, let's call it, 3- to 5-year outlook for INS and not in terms of formal targets, but what you see for the pieces of that business in terms of returns on capital or margins or however you like to think about it, but where do you see that business ultimate -- the pieces of that business ultimately heading sort of 3 to 5 years out, if you can?
William M. Brown: Sure. And it's a very good question. You know, INS is composed of a variety of businesses that we're just still in the mode of integrating, and I think we're performing very, very well. CapRock, I'm very, very proud of what they've done. They're growing at very high-single digit rates. The margins are coming up pretty nicely. And I still think we're in the early stages of integration, and I'm very optimistic about the longer-term potential in that business. We talked about the 3 pieces that we compete in: energy, maritime and government, and I think we're very well-positioned in each. We're a market leader in energy, and that's growing nicely. We're growing our share in maritime with the win with Royal Caribbean, and you can imagine that there's more wins that are going to come down the path in that business. And I think we're holding our own, if not gaining a little bit of share on the government side. So longer term, I feel very good about CapRock. To me, that's a sort of a mid- to maybe high-teen margin business, but that's going to take us some time to get there, but boy, I'm pretty optimistic about where we're going in CapRock. The Healthcare business, we performed very, very well on the government side. We've grown dramatically. We acquired Carefx. We're integrating it. We're turning it around. As you know, we lost a lot of money in that business last year. We expect to be profitable in Healthcare in fiscal '13. I think we're making very good progress in that direction. We have reaffirmed today we'll be profitable in Healthcare through the full year, and over time, I see that business growing very nicely. That also could be a mid-teens type of business over time, once we look at how Carefx and the software suite really takes hold in the marketplace. We've got a big event coming up at the end of February, where we're releasing a new version of the software. So I think the back half of our year hinges on that, but I feel pretty good about our prospects longer term in Healthcare. And in INS -- or in IT Services, we've been very well-positioned, strong double-digit margin based on a particular contract we have with the government. As you know, that contract is being rebid. I think we're well-positioned on that contract. It will be awarded probably sometime in the back half of our year. It's really uncertain as to exactly when. But the reality is that business, which has been a double-digit margin business, is going to come down in margin. It will be mid- to high-single digit. We expect that. And based on all of that, we see that the margins in INS continue to improve. You saw today we've narrowed the range to 9% to 10% of margin in that particular business, and that's a double-digit margin business going -- longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JP Morgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'd like to focus in on the RF, the Tactical Communications business, internationally, if you could. And I heard what you said in the comments about a $150 million opportunity maybe flipping out. I was just wondering if you could characterize the the overall international business. Or, x that one booking, are things tracking the way you expected 6 months ago or is there any other changes, one way or the other? And then, last quarter, you characterized the business as having lots of small orders but no big ones. Are there any larger fish that are starting to come into the -- your profile?
William M. Brown: Yes. It's a good series of questions. Let me sort of take it from a high point and then come back to specifically what happened in the quarter, why we adjusted the year for international. As Gary mentioned, we have a pretty robust pipeline in international, $2.4 billion. It's still -- as I said last time, it's in the tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of dollars, over time. We don't see any gigantic one-off opportunities like we saw with Australia, but we see, in series, there are lots of good opportunities in a variety of countries around the world. The Middle East remains, I think, still pretty robust. Iraq remains pretty strong. UAE, Saudi, Jordan all look very good for us over time, as does northern Africa. That's been a pretty good market for us, and I think it remains to be important going forward. Central Asia, the countries in central Asia that we're referring to have very, very strong potential. The political climate continues to improve. Brazil and Mexico were very, very promising, and we're winning orders in Brazil. We feel pretty good about our prospects there. And we won some orders in Europe that we've talked about today and had some releases on very recently. So I think overall, the pipeline looks robust. We feel very good about that. As you recall, Joe, our fiscal '12 was very, very strong in international. We had very strong double-digit orders and revenue growth in international tactical radios. It remains a lumpy business, but we're still feeling pretty good about fiscal '13 and beyond. Now what happened just in the last 30, 60 days in international, as Gary mentioned, we had a pretty large order for $50 million that just moved out. But the FMS process for this particular country is taking a little bit longer than we had thought 30 to 60 days ago. We're seeing the state department and the DOD wanting to spend a bit more time scrutinizing exactly how the FMS funds are being spent within this country. That is different than what's happened in the past, so we're going through a bit of a transition. The orders we booked in Q2 and a little bit in Q3, which totaled $42 million for this particular country; we're well in the process there, with long-term orders that we've been working at for quite some time. The $50 million follows on that. And longer term, we see the opportunity to be something like $400 million. So this a very big opportunity. It's a timing issue. It moved out of the year. It just didn't move out of the opportunity set for Harris Corporation. A couple of other things moved around. We saw some ins and outs in the Middle East. We are seeing, as Iraq converts from an FMS process to commercial terms, it's taking a bit longer than we expected, but no big movers in or out, other than the one I'm referring to as the $50 million. We still feel pretty good about our prospects long term in international, Joe. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I was wondering whether the new guidance now fully reflects the potential for sequestration? And if not, how you would size the incremental downside risk to your targets if sequestration does, in fact, kick in. And I guess, as a follow-on to that, I got the impression from your comments that most of the headwinds you're feeling right now are in the tactical realm. Just wondering how you see sequestration potentially impacting Government Communications; that side of the business as well.
William M. Brown: Well, you're right. We are seeing most of the headwind in tactical radios. Our Government business remains relatively resilient. It's a longer cycle business. There's pieces of that -- as you saw, we trued up our growth guidance for the year. There's pieces of that are being impacted, but not anywhere near like we're seeing in IT Services and of course, more importantly, in tactical radios. And just stepping back, we've been saying for quite some time that sequestration is not in our guidance. It has always been our biggest risk for the fiscal year. It's been driving a lot of uncertainty for us and for other peers in the defense space. The new guidance that we now give assumes that the continued budget uncertainty and this threat of sequestration that still hangs over our heads is dramatically slowing DOD procurement, and that's going to continue until we see some sort of budget clarity; something that's achieved in our U.S. government. Customers, we see they're clearly acting as if sequestration has been triggered, and we've reflected that changing behavior of our government customers into our guidance. With the difficulty in forecasting, there's still a lot of uncertainty. We've left a pretty wide range of guidance to reflect the uncertainty. We think the bottom end is pretty well covered unless there's very severe, draconian cuts that go beyond what we've heard in the press about sequestration. But as I step back and look at the impact of sequestration on our business, to the extent that sequestration is triggered and the DoD has given some freedom to make surgical cuts, as opposed to peanut butter cuts -- and I think there's been some evolving support in Congress for making that happen, that actually can work to our advantage since the products that we have in our portfolio seem to be pretty well aligned with what we understand to be the stated priorities of the DOD. And that's C4ISR, the network DoD field, special operation. And we think that, that will ultimately work in our favor. So that's basically where we stand today. We're reflecting in our guidance the uncertainty we're experiencing, and we'll come back and revisit that to the extent the situation changes, as it continues to evolve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: So Bill, just to put a cap on that, the bottom end of your guidance reflects what you see as the impact of sequestration if it's sort of a "peanut butter" approach to sequestration?
William M. Brown: As I said -- look, we think we've been pretty conservative on the bottom end. We've thought very, very long and hard about that. We've looked very hard, in particular, at our tactical radio business. We've got a great team in our tactical radio business. As Gary went through some of the details and shared with you some of the orders that are in the proposal and closure stage, we knew we've got pretty high probability of winning those jobs. We track them very, very aggressively, and I think we've taken a relatively conservative look at what we see to be -- what's happening in the government. But our crystal ball is still as cloudy as anybody else's. So our job here is to drive wins with our government customers, execute flawlessly, adjust our cost structure where it's smart and makes sense and protect ourselves on the bottom end, and that's what we've tried to do. As I said, to the extent that what's evolving in the government over the next 2, 3, 4 months changes from a pretty draconian state that we're seeing today, we'll come back and revisit our guidance. But right now, we think our bottom end pretty well covers the situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A 2-part question on RF. So I know you're saying that the outlook is cloudy and there's not a lot of visibility. But you've also provided a decent amount of color on the behavior you're seeing in the U.S. and the opportunities internationally. Can you tell us if you expect new order book-to-bill to be below or above 1 in the back half? Just to help us formulate the beyond-2013 growth picture. And then on the segment margin, guidance changed there. Is that just absorption on the lower revenue outlook? Or is there something else going on in terms of change in the behavior terms of the contract with the customer on the margin side?
William M. Brown: Good questions, Noah. Thank you. I think, for the year, we're still expecting our book-to-bill for tactical to be at or higher than 1, and you should take it as reassuring if that may be, because we've dropped our revenue. So we have said it would be about 1 or higher than 1 last time, and we're still at the same position today. The tightening down of our margin range is due to volume. There's no big change on customer behavior or extraordinary pressure on pricing. It's really volume-related, and we work very, very hard to take cost out and still allow to invest aggressively in both Public Safety, as well as in Tactical Communications R&D. And that's a lot of conversation within the management team. It's a lot of conversation with our board. Our board fully, fully supports us investing in this business for the long term, and that's what we're continuing to do. So that's what's the basis of the tightening down at the bottom end of the range on margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Amero with Cowen and Company.
Justin Amero: Do you have any updates on the HMS Manpack radio, when it might be -- the next award might be placed or how large you expect it to be?
William M. Brown: Well, the HMS, the Manpack itself, the RFI was out late November. We expect the RFP to come out sometime in the February or March timeframe, although that's still a little bit uncertain, but probably in the next couple of months. We still expect the award sometime in the late spring -- May, June timeframe, and deliveries occurring probably sometime in the spring of 2014, and that's the best that we know today. Again, it's pretty fluid. The budget is being set or reset, and obviously, we have no color on GFY '14 yet. But that's the best intelligence we have today.
Operator: Your follow-up question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes. I was wondering about the intercompany sales in the quarter. They were a bit higher than usual. What drove that and which segment did that benefit in terms of sales?
Gary L. McArthur: It was actually between our RF Communications and Harris IT Services group, as well as between Harris IT Services and our Government Systems group. So a little higher in the quarter, good cooperation between the teams, but nothing specific to take from that as a go-forward look. I think it was just unusually high in the quarter.
Operator: Your follow-up question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JP Morgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Bill, you've now been in the seat for a year, and it's been a pretty busy year; raised the dividend twice and buying back a lot of stock and divested Broadcast -- or divesting Broadcast, cutting costs, integrating businesses in INS. And we know about all that stuff. I'm wondering what's next and if you can help characterize -- because I don't expect you to slow down the pace here. What should we think about when we think of calendar year 2013 that -- what areas you're going to look at for real strategic focus?
William M. Brown: I'm spending a lot more time today, Joe, on our R&D investments and R&D portfolio. As you know, I'm somewhat new to the business and the technology. I've been here for a year and a couple of months. It feels like it's a day, but it's a year and a couple of months. We've got a lot of interesting technology that we work on. As I said before on this call and I think at the investor meeting, we have historically developed our R&D plans segment by segment, but haven't really done an integrated look across the company, and I'm spending a lot more of my time on that. Because I do think there's opportunities as we increase our investments in R&D to make sure we're spending on the right spots and we're just making sure we're leveraging technology across the franchise, as opposed to optimizing it within each individual segment. So I'm spending a lot of time on R&D. I do think that, that's going to be important and essential to the future of our company. Spending a lot of my time on integration activities. We're not through that yet. I think there is more work that we need to do, so I'm spending some time there. And eventually, we're going to come back and talk about how we grow our topline, how we grow our franchise through M&A. We're not there yet. In the environment that we're in today, it's pretty cloudy. It's hard to kind of go to our board and say, "We'd like to buy company X, Y or Z" and be articulate in the financial expectations, just given the cloudy environment. That is going to arrive at some point in time. It will get clearer, and when it does, I think we've got a good balance sheet as we put BCD behind us and Cyber behind it. I think we've got a strong enough balance sheet to start to step out a little bit on M&A. Part of our confidence in being able to do that is developing very, very strong integration skills internally, convincing our board we know how to integrate companies, convincing our shareholders we know how to integrate companies. And once we do that, we'll step out and do some M&A. Not today, but that's going to come over time. So thank you, Joe. It's a good question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Bill, the book-to-bill of Public Safety has been under 1 for a number of quarters now. Has the sales outlook there dimmed at all?
Gary L. McArthur: This is Gary, Peter. No, it really hasn't. It's -- we still see some really good opportunities. It's been a lumpy business with regards to orders. And looking at the pipeline, there's San Francisco Mass Transit Authority, there's Chester, PA. There's good opportunity, so it's more related to timing of some of these orders and the lumpiness than less opportunities to go forward.
William M. Brown: Let me add on that. I think the first half, we were -- Public Safety grew at double-digit rates, and we're guiding on the full year now to be sort of high-single -- mid- to high-single digit rates at PSPC, so that would imply the back half is going to slow down a little bit. You have very good backlog. That backlog is rolling through, and we expect to see more orders coming in the back half. But long term, our confidence in Public Safety remains as it was before. We do see good long-term growth opportunities there, as well as margin expansion.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just had a few, if that's okay. The recompete -- the IT Services recompete that you've mentioned in INS, just a few thoughts or clarifications there. Is it the back half of your fiscal year as in the next 6 months or the back half of calendar '13? And then, can you maybe talk about sort of how many competitors were there last time and how many you expect to be there this time and sort of how aggressive folks might be coming after that? And I don't know if you could also remind us how large that is for you as well.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, let me take most of that and maybe Gary can augment whatever I'm missing. It's -- the recompete I'm talking about is NGEN. It's the recompete for the NMCI contract. We had submitted our bid back in August, early August of 2012, so it's been out there for some time. We expect the award, we've heard, in March, but every indication is that it's going to be sometime after March. It has no impact on our fiscal '13, so there won't be any transition. But through June -- I think our contract with NMCI was extended through September, as I understand it. So we're good through June and probably through September with the current NMCI contract as it stands today. There's -- what the government looked for was 2 bids here. They looked for a transport plus an enterprise bid, and we're in partnership with CSC. As you know, we are the incumbent, working with HP on the transport side. And then a combined -- my understanding is that HP has bid a combined offering. They did not bid it in pieces, transport versus enterprise. My understanding, is we're the only ones that have done that. I'm not sure how aggressively others have come at it. I think it's us with CSC and HP that are in, but there could be others. But it is going to be a pretty aggressive contract, and that's why we know NMCI margins, as they stands today, will come down. And we're optimistic that, I think, we're well positioned, and I think we'll end up winning. The size of it today -- today, NMCI is worth to us, on a fiscal year basis, around $100 million -- between $100 million and $110 million, in that size range. The way we understand it, NGEN could be around $125 million to $150 million a year, so it's a little bit bigger on a per-year basis at that lower margin. So I think, Gary, those are the major points.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. You hit them all, Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One more follow-up on the tactical radio business. I think there's 2 other meaningful contracts on the horizon, the MNVR and SRW Appliqué. Can you give us an update on the timing of those contract awards and, to the degree you can, where you think you fit competitively, either on a product offering or pricing strategies? And I guess, as a second question, the status of the 2-channel radio integration for the Manpack.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, let me take the MNVR. Maybe Gary can take the SRW. On the MNVR, we submitted a proposal for MNVR back in October of last year. Our product is in testing today. We expect an award in the May timeframe. Again, it could shift out a little bit. Our best guess today is a May award. Delivery, we understand to be, again, sometime in early spring of 2014, so around April, May timeframe of 2014. There is -- the initial part of MNVR, we think, is about 2,500 radios. The overall size of the contract will be $140 million, $150 million plus or minus. To the best of our knowledge, we have GD as a competitor in there. We think Northrop with Exelis is in. We think BAE may have something in the fight. We don't know where Raytheon is with MAINGATE. But I actually think we're very, very well positioned on MNVR, and I'm very optimistic that we're going to prevail and win MNVR. And maybe Gary can say a couple of words on SRW.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. In the SRW Appliqué, Chris, there was an RFP out in October. Expectations are: Award kind of any time here in this timeframe, February; looking for a March delivery. Not a big impact to our fiscal year, kind of less than $10 million in the fiscal year from that application.
William M. Brown: And on the Manpack, look, the RFP is not out yet, so -- but I will assure you, we'll have an offering that's going to be very, very competitive. It's going to meet the specification, and we're going to go after that very, very aggressively. So I think I'm pretty confident around what's going to happen with the Manpack. We'll have offering that meets the spec. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. All right, with that, we will wrap it up, and I thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel R. Pearson - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and President of Integrated Network Solutions
Analysts: Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2013 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sonia, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Hello. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Harris' first quarter of fiscal 2013 earnings call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Pearson Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call, and I wish that all of you in Hurricane Sandy's path remain safe. I'll begin today's call by turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Harris first quarter results were about as expected and represent a good start to fiscal 2013. Revenue was $1.3 billion and down 6% with earnings per share of $1.14, flat with prior year non-GAAP EPS of $1.14. Although lower revenue and income in Tactical Communications and IT Services resulted in a decline in total company results, we were able to hold operating margin essentially flat with the prior year, reflecting reduced costs across the company. We are tracking well to our productivity target of $75 million with cost reductions taking place across operating units and at corporate headquarters. Based on first quarter results, corporate expense is on track to be $70 million for the year, which is about $12 million lower than the prior year. But cost reduction is not coming at the expense of R&D investment and product innovation for the future. In the first quarter, total company-funded R&D increased 4%, and in RF Communications, by 6%. In Tactical Communications, we were especially pleased with our success in lowering costs other than R&D. Even with the significant revenue decline of 18%, Tactical operating margin held steady at last year's level. Total RF Communications operating margin was slightly lower as a result of business mix related to the revenue growth of 12% in Public Safety. CapRock's success in serving the international energy market with their global footprint continued to drive excellent result. CapRock's operating performance improved over the prior year, and we made good progress in Healthcare were our operating loss declined significantly year-over-year, moving us closer to our goal of Healthcare being profitable in fiscal 2013. Government Communications Systems posted an excellent quarter with revenue growth of 5% and operating margin of 14.4%. Total orders for the company were higher than revenue, and funded backlog was up both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. And maybe most important, the company was awarded in the quarter a number of significant new contracts that position us well for the future. In the Government Communications Systems, we won 3 significant contracts with the FAA, all of which provide essential elements of NextGen, which is the FAA's multibillion-dollar initiative to transform the National Airspace System. Data Communications Integrated Services or DCIS for $331 million will transform voice-based air traffic control to automated air traffic management. NAS Voice System or NVS for $291 million will upgrade the voice switching system to a modern Voice over IP network, replacing a legacy system that you may recall was provided by Harris 20 years ago, and NAS Enterprise Messaging Service or NEMS for $63 million, which supports the SWIM program and provides enterprise-wide data sharing. A lot of acronyms, but a lot of capabilities, that over time, have the potential to be worth more than $1.5 billion. These wins, coupled with FTI and the hosted payload solution for the Iridium NEXT constellation that we won in June and that will provide air traffic control over remote regions, have substantially strengthened our global air traffic control capabilities over the last 6 months. In RF Communications, we were awarded 2 large follow-on IDIQ contracts: $297 million from the Navy for Navy and Marine Corps requirements; and a $397 million Consolidated Single-Channel Handheld Radio contract for the DoD with a ceiling value of $712 million. These contracts support modernization in the U.S. tactical radio market and the continued standardization on Falcon III. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and create value by returning cash to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. In the first quarter, we increased our dividend by 12%, the second increase this calendar year, to a rate that is nearly 50% higher than it was 18 months ago. And before turning it over to Gary, let me turn to a topic that I'm sure is on everyone's mind with respect to Harris, and that is the DoD's recent LRIP approval for the HMS Manpack program. After being selected for the HMS Manpack requirement for the first 2 BCTs and Capability Set 13 and with the publicized performance issues of the program of record, we believe we are well positioned to win the remaining HMS Manpack requirement. We're now assuming the program of record, LRIP radios, are fielded for that requirement. And we've removed the opportunity from our pipeline, which was about $50 million. While this opportunity has been dropped, a few others have been added recently or have increased in size such as greater opportunities with SOCOM and the Marine Corps, in addition to encryption products for the Army that cover about 1/2, but not all of the LRIP impact. So we've a little more risk in the year in RF Communications, but we still have 3 more quarters to go to cover it. On a longer-term basis, keep in mind that the acquisition objective is for 72,000 radios and the LRIP was for only about 3,700 radios or about 5%. The excellent news for Harris in all of this is that Frank Kendall, the Pentagon's acquisition chief, officially directed full and open competition for the remaining 95% and for the competition to be -- to occur no later than the fourth quarter of GFY '13. As we've said many times, full and open competition has been our goal because in a fair fight we'll win on innovation, capability and affordability. Our radios work. They've been proven at the NIEs, on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan and in countless other missions of both U.S. and foreign armed forces. With this final decision by the Pentagon, all JTRS programs are now open to competition, and we've officially overcome the most significant hurdle to competing for the U.S. Army's multibillion-dollar tactical radio modernization. I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance outlook, and then I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. Revenue for RF Communications was $445 million and declined 11% compared to $497 million in the prior year. Orders for the segment totaled $363 million and book-to-bill was 0.82. In Tactical Communications, orders were $254 million, backlog was $612 million and book-to-bill was 0.83. Tactical Communications revenue declined 18% compared to the prior year. As you are aware in the U.S. market, we are managing through a market transition from one that previously benefited from strong up-tempo to a multibillion-dollar modernization cycle, and we are investing in R&D and product innovations to be as successful in this modernization as we were in the last. As a result of the transitioning U.S. market, we expect tough year-over-year compares during fiscal 2013, but expect sequential improvement as we progress through the fiscal year. As Bill mentioned and as detailed in our press release, we have excellent new contract wins in U.S. Tactical Communications. And our 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline in the U.S. is still well funded at $1.1 billion. In the international tactical market, orders increased over the prior year and the opportunity pipeline remained at $2.1 billion. And in Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth was excellent, increasing 12% to $138 million. Our backlog in Public Safety is solid, we continue to have good wins and our opportunity pipeline is $3 billion. Operating income for the segment was $134 million, down from prior year on lower revenue. Segment operating margin, however, was 30.2%, slightly lower than the 31% in the prior year due to shift in business mix related to strong Public Safety revenue growth. Even with the steep decline in Tactical revenue, we were able to hold Tactical operating margin in the prior year level. In Public Safety, operating margin increased significantly over prior year. Lowering costs in the segment was not at the expense of R&D. As Bill mentioned, R&D increased 6% in the segment. Our Falcon radios achieved some very important milestones this quarter. The Falcon III/PRC-117G Manpack radio achieved JTRS-certified status and is the first and only to do so in the ground tactical radio market. Also, our Falcon III/PRC-152A handheld is now NSA Type-1 certified to operate the JTRS SRW Waveform. This marks the first and only handheld radio certified for transmitting secret-level SRW voice and data communications, allowance -- allowing soldiers at the edge to pass secret voice and data communications to higher echelons operating on classified nets. In Public Safety, we conducted the first multistate demonstration, showcasing the power of LTE networks, which have the potential to transform the way first responders collaborate and exchange critical data with other agencies. Through the LTE network, all 4 state locations, Nevada, Florida, New York and Massachusetts, were connected real time, sharing streaming, video, voice and positioning data. Turning to Slide 6. In Integrated Network Solutions, first quarter revenue decreased 10% to $376 million. Solid growth in CapRock of 8%, driven largely by continued strength in the international energy market for our satellite communication solutions, was more than offset by a significant decline in IT Services of 27%, driven primarily from the roll-off of the Patriot program. Excluding the impact of Patriot, IT Services revenue declined 4%. Operating income was $32 million, compared with GAAP operating income of $22 million in the prior year and non-GAAP of $31 million. Improved operating performance in CapRock and Healthcare was partially offset by lower operating income in IT Services due again to the loss of the Patriot program. Segment operating margin in the quarter increased from 7.5% in the prior year to 8.6%. While operating margin improvement was most significant in CapRock, operating margin improved slightly in IT Services and the loss in Healthcare declined. Improved operating performance across the segment reflects our success in lowering costs, and in the case of CapRock and Healthcare, are the result of our restructuring and integration actions in Q4 of last year. We continue to expand our presence with the VA. Harris was awarded several contracts with the VA, including a 4-year, $47 million follow-on IT Services contract to expand the VA's nationwide wireless network infrastructure from the initial 22 medical centers to 66 and 2 contracts totaling $18 million under the T4 IDIQ contract to improve electronic data interoperability for claims processing. Healthcare awards also included a contract for $11 million under the GSA's Alliant IDIQ to provide an electronic healthcare record system for the Department of Homeland Security. All of these contracts were awarded under the previously won Alliant and T4 IDIQs. Our customers are using these contract vehicles extensively to acquire health information technology and modernization services. In IT Services, awards included a 4-year, $46 million contract to provide IT support services to the North American Air Defense Command, NORAD, and the U.S. Northern Command, USNORTHCOM, and a $65 million follow-on contract to operate and support the Air Force Space Command at 50th -- the 50th Space Wing. We also received a 1-year contract extension on our Navy Marine Corps Intranet program, which carries us at least through fiscal 2013. We are well positioned in our pursuit of the replacement contract called Engine. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in Government Communications was $465 million, increasing 5% over the prior year. Year-over-year revenue increases from the GOES-R weather program and NASA's Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment program were partially offset by continued slower spending by our DRD -- by our DoD customers. Operating income was $67 million compared with $63 million in the prior year, and the operating margin increased from 14.2% to 14.4% and is all performance driven. Again, excellent results in a tough government spending environment. As Bill mentioned earlier, Harris was awarded 3 significant new wins with the FAA, making us a major player in the FAA's NextGen initiative. In addition to these new contracts, Harris was also awarded a $51 million follow-on contract for satellite terminals under the U.S. Army's Modernization of Enterprise Terminals, called MET, and a $43 million award from classified customers. These excellent wins contributed to an outstanding 87% win rate for the quarter. Turning now to discontinued operations. As a result of recent indicators of value, including market trends, financial performance and indications of value from interested parties, we recorded additional noncash impairment charges in discontinued operations for Cyber Integrated Solutions and Broadcast Communications totaling $222 million. We've signed an agreement for the sale of the cyber data center. We should close that shortly. And we continue to make progress on the disposition of Broadcast, which we expect to conclude by the end of the calendar year. Turning to Slide 8. Free cash flow was strong at $77 million versus negative $3 million last year with operating cash flow of $121 million compared to $79 million in the prior year and capital expenditures of $44 million, much lower than the $82 million in the prior year. During the quarter, we used $50 million to repurchase 1,078,000 shares of our common stock at an average purchase price per share of $46.38. This is in line with our planned $200 million in share repurchases from free cash flow for the year. We continue to expect to use up to $200 million of the proceeds from the BCD disposition to repurchase additional shares. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31.6%. Moving to Slide 9. Our fiscal 2013 guidance is unchanged with total Harris revenues still expected to be flat to 2% higher than fiscal 2012 and EPS in the range of $5.10 to $5.30. Our guidance does not reflect any potential impact from sequestration or additional budget cuts beyond those already agreed to. We are scrutinizing capital spending, being conservative on cash deployment and have incorporated a free cash flow metric for incentive compensation. We expect to generate another year of strong free cash flow in a range of $595 million to $665 million. And as is typical for Harris, we expect free cash flow to be stronger in the back half of the year. With that, let me turn it back to you, Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay, thank you, Gary. As Gary explained, our guidance is unchanged and reflects what we believe will be another solid year in a challenging environment. The threat of sequestration is still on the horizon, and we'll have to let that play out before commenting on what impact it might have on our full year. We continue to prepare as best as we can without any real direction from the government. Should sequestration or additional budget cuts occur, we'll be ready to adjust our cost structure and capital spending plans as appropriate. In the meantime, we'll continue to focus on the things that we control. Over the long term, we strongly believe that the technology and innovation that Harris brings to the marketplace are well aligned with our customers' spending priorities. Communications and ISR capabilities allow our government and military customers to do more with less, and our uniqueness as a supplier that competes on a commercial basis puts us in a favored position to provide innovation in more affordable solutions than our competitors. And as we reduce costs and improve productivity, we'll continue to invest in R&D and the long-term success of our enterprise. Our strategy remains to execute in our core businesses and our growth initiatives, drive operational excellence to lower costs across the company, generate higher free cash flow and return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. And now, let me close by thanking Dan Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Harris, for his many contributions to Harris over his 35-year career with the company. As you already know, Dan is retiring effective January 9, and this will be his last earnings call with the company. Dan has been instrumental to our company's success. He's developed and mentored a number of the senior leaders in the company today, and he's provided much guidance and counsel to me as I transition to Harris as CEO. He's going to be missed by all of us. And now, I'd like to open the -- ask the operator open the line to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Noah Poponak, Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wondered if you could potentially just elaborate a little bit on what happened with the additional impairments with Cyber and Broadcast. Maybe if you can get a little bit more specific outside of just the broad strokes of financial markets. And if you could split out sort of how much was Broadcast versus how much was Cyber. And then lastly, if this, in any way, changes how you were thinking about capital deployment as a result of these actions.
William M. Brown: Okay, well, it's good questions. First of all, on both of those, we're still deep in the processes, particularly on BCD, and we'll comment as much as we can. Our first quarter results in Broadcast were a little less than what we had expected, both because the market's a little bit tough and because some of the issues around us selling the business causes some of our customers to be a bit hesitant. So the results were a little bit worse than we expected, but process is pretty well advanced, as Gary said, due to some recent indicators of value, including those things that I've just mentioned. We've written down the business in the quarter. You'll see more in the Q that we'll announce or release at the end of this week. You'll see that we wrote down the value of the business to a net book value that's just under $300 million at $287 million. We still expect to use up to $200 million of cash proceeds from the sale of BCD and share repurchases. We still expect that to occur in the third quarter. On Cyber, again, Gary said we've signed an agreement on the building. We're going to work to close that over the next thirty-some odd days. We expect that'll be completed certainly by the end of the calendar year. Again, you'll see in the Q we'll release later this week the net book value of Cyber's now written down to $38 million, and that certainly implies some estimate of value that we expect from Cyber. The total impairment was about $222 million in total on a pretax basis, and the vast majority of that was in the -- in BCD. About $6 million, Gary, or so was in Cyber.
Gary L. McArthur: That is correct.
William M. Brown: Did I get -- Noah, did I get all the rest of the questions?
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I think that answers it and is very helpful. And then just one other one. Just wondering if there's any change within your thinking around mix by segment within your full year revenue guidance. RF and INS were light of what the full year target is whereas GCS was a little better. I don't know if that's what you're expecting or if there's any change to your thoughts on segments for the full year.
William M. Brown: No, we've -- if you look on the last page of the webcast, we've -- we basically have held the top line guidance across all 3 of those segments. So no, our guidance for the year, overall and by segment, has not changed based on what we saw in the first quarter. But again, it's still early in the year, Noah, but right now, no, we're not seeing any change.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland, Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Let me just be the first to extend the congrats and our sincerest congratulations on all your successes, Dan. You've done a lot for the company, and I'm sure they're going to miss having you around.
Daniel R. Pearson: Thank you, Carter.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Couple of quick ones. Bill, on RF, the margins there, in terms of Tactical holding the line, obviously you said R&D went up. So as a percentage of sales, that was higher. Obviously, the volumes were down. I'm wondering if some of this could be the resiliency and the margin could be mixed-related. And I wondered if you might speak to the growth differentials, domestic versus international, and whether that played a role in the resiliency in the margins in the quarter.
William M. Brown: No, the -- as we had signaled several months ago, we knew, because orders were a bit higher last year in international and domestic, we knew that going into FY '13, international was going to be a bigger -- a bit bigger than U.S. DoD, and that's in fact what we're seeing in terms of size of orders, size of revenues. But that mix shift is not what's impacting the margins holding steady in Tactical Communications. In fact, I think it really comes back to, I think, very, very good productivity, tight cost controls that Dana and his team have executed up in the J. Road [ph] factory and throughout their business. We talked in Q4 about some restructuring that we did, some of which was in RF. We talked about some of the contractors leaving the business. We talked about very tight controls on marketing and G&A expenses, all of which Dana executed on very, very well. And it offset what was a little bit higher R&D in the quarter. So it comes down to just good execution on the cost side.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And Gary, on the Government Systems, the margin performance there, I know you made the quick comment that it was all performance-driven, but obviously really good performance despite the sales year-over-year. I wondered, when you said performance-driven, was there anything sort of onetime-ish in nature on any particular contract, or was it just good mix across-the-board and good performance that's sustainable on a go-forward basis?
Gary L. McArthur: It really was just good performance across-the-board. We looked at the net ups and downs from any kind of reserve releases, and if anything, it was net negative. So it was just great program performance, great execution, good award fees across a broad range of programs.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis, Lazard Capital Markets.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I have a question on orders with regard to the year-over-year comparable. It was stated in last year's Q1 report -- or release that you had $1.62 billion in orders and it looks like it's been revised down to $1.48 billion. I guess, the question is did you de-book the $140 million? And if so, where it did it come from, what segment?
Gary L. McArthur: I'd have to look into that, but I'm pretty sure it was just removing the Broadcast division from our continuing operations, but not aware of any de-booking of any orders.
William M. Brown: I think you may be looking at last year's including BCD before it was moved into disc ops, Michael.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And that's exactly what I was wondering, if it was all Broadcast.
Gary L. McArthur: I'm pretty sure that's the case, but let me double check and get back to you.
William M. Brown: Yes, I'm pretty -- I think we're confident that we didn't go back and restate any Q1 orders from FY '12. So I think we can say it definitively today.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And then just a quick question. The 5-year Navy IDIQ, at the time of the award, did the Navy also provide any initial funded orders on that contract? And if so, how large were they?
William M. Brown: Gary?
Gary L. McArthur: The orders that we got off it were very small to date. So we still have the other contract running off, and most of those orders are expected to come in the future.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then just -- okay, so if you're still working on that prior contract, what's left on the ceiling on that one?
Gary L. McArthur: Very limited. In fact, I think we're just about down to a few million left.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And I echo Carter's sentiments, Dan. Congratulations.
Daniel R. Pearson: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple questions. First, Gary or Bill, could you just tell us what you need in terms of Tactical book-to-bill to get to the guidance this year? I mean, what should we be looking for sufficient to hit the guidance?
William M. Brown: Well I think, as you know, let me just say we were not going to -- we don't typically give guidance on book-to-bill and don't sort of give guidance on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But if you follow the company long enough, you sort of know where we ended last year on backlog. You think you know generally how much we convert of that backlog in the course of the year, typically it's around 80%, 90%. We know it's going to be a little less this year because we got Australia and a few others. We typically book and ship over the course of the year between 55% and 60% within the year. This year it'll be a little bit higher than that. And if you run all those numbers with the guidance that we've given for the overall segment, I think you can infer that it's going to be about or a little bit higher than a 1 book-to-bill. So I'm obliquely coming back to answer your question.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: No, that's fair. I appreciate that. Second thing you mentioned, I think in your prepared comments, about the HMS developments and it only removed $50 million from the pipeline. Is that what you see as -- you said there's a little bit more risk to the RF guidance, is it just that -- around that $50 million that was contemplated originally, or is it something beyond that?
William M. Brown: No, no. It's entirely related to the LRIP. We had about $50 million in our opportunity pipeline for fiscal '13 associated with that LRIP. And as we pulled that out, again, just -- I think, as you know, Gautam, the way we look at forecasting, we've got a pipeline. There's probability weightings on the pipeline. They move in, they move out, they get bigger, they get smaller. And this one happened to move out, but what moved in behind it is some opportunities with SOCOM, Marine Corps, some encryption products for the Army. So that's basically what's happened. There's nothing else that's behind that. We've been able to sort of offset about 1/2 of it, but we still have got about 1/2 to go in the next 3 quarters.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I may have missed this in response to Noah's question about the impairment charges, but are you still expecting about $200 million net of -- a little bit north of $200 million net of tax leakage from the sale of Broadcast, or could you ballpark how big that...
William M. Brown: Yes, the -- what you'll see in the Q is the net book value of the business has been written down to just under $300 million, which gives you some indication of the value we expect to receive. This tax leakage, as we brought it down a little bit, we thought months ago was between 5% to 10% of net proceeds. It's now less than 5%. So we still, based on where we stand today, expect north of $200 million of cash proceeds, again following just what I said before, 200 -- up to $200 million being used for share buyback in Q3.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last question, if you don't mind, on [indiscernible] for fiscal '14 and beyond just given now HMS and all the JTRS programs appear it'll be open to full and open. What do you think happens with respect to pricing and your ability to kind of hold margins now that you might have a more competitive landscape out there given GD is given entry into those?
William M. Brown: First of all, we won't -- we're not going to get beyond fiscal '13 in terms of guidance. But look, we always have assumed, and you heard Dana talk about this in June, that the program of record would be a competitor overtime in this space. That was we never assumed we'd get 100% share. They went with an LRIP. They're going to be a competitor as well other people over time. So we never assumed that we'd get 100% share. When the order came out for LRIP around $250 million, we know that about 1/2 of it is going to be deployed in capability set '13. We know 1/2 is going to be used about in testing and further development. But if you run the numbers in terms of the numbers -- the quantities and the dollar values, it's a pretty healthy price. And frankly, if the price comes in at that level, I think we'll have good news to talk about it in terms of our margin performance in tactical radios.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol, JPMorgan.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dan, congratulations to you. On RF, guys, I guess starting out, can we speak a bit about the international pipeline near term? And it seems like a lot of the U.S. orders or potential U.S. orders are -- and those competitions are in the -- certainly in the back half and maybe the fourth quarter of your fiscal year. So international, I think, would be more prominent in your bookings this quarter and next quarter. Is that fair? And is there anything chunky in the near-term pipeline?
William M. Brown: Well, international is always going to be a little bit chunky. That's -- this year won't be any different from the past. And keep in mind, we've got a big chunk of the backlog that is Australia, and that's going to roll out over the course of this year going into FY '14. So we know we can count on that. That's actually going to happen. But Joe, we're coming off of a very strong fiscal '12 in terms of the international business. We had both double-digit revenue and orders growth through fiscal '12. I think we're well positioned competitively in the marketplace. We continue to invest in new products and capabilities. We're expanding the market. So we're doing, I think, relatively well. It's a pretty healthy pipeline, but the reality is we don't see a lot of big Australia-sized opportunities out there that are going to be hundreds of millions. They're going to be more like tens of millions of dollars of opportunities that lead to large opportunities for multi-year modernizations, but no big Australia-like opportunities on the horizon. We see, as I said at the Q4 release, we talked about Pakistan, that still looks pretty good. The political climate still appears to be improving. We see opportunities in Iraq firming up. We think Jordan is still pretty solid, and the pipeline there has gotten a bit bigger over last 3 to 6 months. Brazil is looking pretty attractive to us, still in the early stages, but we think it's progressing pretty well. I think we're well positioned in the Middle East, particularly in Saudi as well as in the UAE. And we're seeing some opportunities in the Philippines, in Poland, a little bit in Denmark. So we see in lots of different pieces, but again, not the big Australia-sized opportunities, but still we feel very good about prospects for the year as a whole. I think as we talked before, it's tough to predict a particular order in a particular quarter. But overall, for the balance of the year, we think international's going to end up being pretty good.
Joseph B. Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just one other one on the Broadcast situation. I mean, obviously just by definition, you guys are going to get a bit less -- significantly, you're going to get a little bit less than you'd hoped when you started out the process. And so my question is, is there a price at which you wouldn't sell the business, or are we firmly committed on this track 100%?
William M. Brown: Look, we made the decision to divest the Broadcast business because we didn't fit -- think it fit strategically with where we want to take the business. It's now our job to maximize value for share owners and as we dispose of that business, and that's exactly what we're doing. I don't think it's appropriate to talk about where's the sort of the walk-away price. We're committed to sell the business and do the right thing for share owners, given the fact it doesn't fit strategically and that's what the management team has got a bead on right now. So we'll tell more, we'll have more of an update towards the end of the year as we announce the sale of Broadcast and clearly more to say as we announce our Q2 results.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner, Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of housekeeping questions. First, taxes came in a little bit below your full year guidance. Can you give us any update there?
Gary L. McArthur: This is Gary. As we've always said, tax rates in any given quarter jump up and down because of discrete tax events. We still feel very good about the 33% rate for the year. If the R&D credit comes in as expected, we probably are going to do a little bit better than that. But that's where we're at currently.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And then it looked to me like the adjustment for participating securities was lower than typical. Can you give us an update on the guidance there?
Gary L. McArthur: Well, we did buy, again, about 1,078,000 shares in the quarter. I think that's what you're referring to. The decline in shares outstanding actually went up a little bit rather than declined because of the exercise of options and awards that came out in Q1. There was a lot of activity by employees exercising stock, but that would be the only reason the decline wasn't as great.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan, Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: A question relative to the international backlog. Is there a way or do you have it segmented by geographic region so we'd have a sense of what is Middle East, what is Australia, what's Western Hemisphere?
William M. Brown: Well, we do, actually. We have a very good sense of where the backlog is by not just hemisphere or geographic region, but by country and specific opportunity within a country. And Dana and his team know it very well. They track it day-to-day. They probability weight it. They have their salespeople chasing it. But that's just a level of detail that we're not going to get into on an earnings call. Certainly, that has some competitive sensitivity to it clearly so -- but yes, we do know the detail very, very well.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Secondly, relative to the what is the competitiveness in the international market with regards to people that you would be bidding against? Is there effective competition there or do you -- or are you finding it more a decision of a specific country going to exercise a purchase order and you're the only game in town?
William M. Brown: No, no. Typically -- look, there's a lot of competition in the international markets and -- but clearly, based on what we've seen in terms of market share growth over time, we're performing very, very well. You have to understand though, in a market -- in a given geography that has standardized on a Falcon II and then a Falcon III product, clearly we've -- we're in the catbird seat to win future generations of radio purchases. And so I think we're well positioned in places where we've been established for some period of time. But in any place, in any country we happen to go in, especially with the fiscal constraints we see almost in any place we operate, yes, there is going to be competition. There's going to be a desire to get a good radio at a lower cost over time. And we meet our customers' expectations as best we can.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty, Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up. You had mentioned the certification on the 152A handheld and wanted to clarify. I know the Rifleman Radio program has also been opened up to full and open competition. Does the 152A meet all the specs there? And if so, how would you stand competitively with that product?
William M. Brown: I think the -- and I'm going to start and then probably get beyond what I really know and maybe ask Gary or Dan to step in. But no, the 152A can meet those requirements, but it's probably a little bit beyond the requirements of what's typically for the Rifleman Radio application based on its clearance and classified data traffic it can handle. So we are developing a new product generation, which will be ready when Rifleman goes to full and open competition by the end of fiscal '13. I think Dana talked about this in early June with the 330E and we'll be ready with a very, very good product that is competitive on size, weight and power and at great cost point relative to Rifleman.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And also on the RF business, with the 2 recent contract awards, both large contracts but both IDIQ, so you can't count those towards the backlog in a way that you would traditionally, and I know you have some granularity there. Can you give us a sense -- I mean, a little bit disappointing on the book-to-bill here on the radio, on the contract for the quarter. Are you carrying a much higher level of IDIQ business than you might have been in years past that sort of offset the lower traditional book measures?
Gary L. McArthur: No. This is Gary, Chris. We're not really. In fact, those vehicles are very similar to the contracts that were in place. We continue to see a lot of opportunity with those different agencies of the government, the Navy, Marine Corps are pretty much standardized on our products. We see lots of opportunity coming from that. But you're correct, we don't book IDIQ vehicles in our backlog. The only thing that's in backlog are funded orders.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And final question. On the Manpack, I think the actual award for the HMS program was closer to $250 million. You're pulling $50 million was all you had in your particular forecast, but does it not imply that there's maybe a bigger chunk of follow-on business that might not be available? And can you also talk about, if you can specifically, I mean these are known items, where you think you stack up in terms of size, weight, performance, pricing, battery life and other metrics that are going to be used to eventually determine which way the orders go?
Gary L. McArthur: Well, I think on the first one, I briefly referenced it, but let me hit it a little bit more directly. You're right, the order for the LRIP was about $250 million, but our understanding is that only about 1/2 of that LRIP is going to be fielded. And keep in mind that the LRIP radios are coming at a much higher price than what we would have had in our pipeline for $50 million. We also assumed that the next 3 BCTs were going to be mostly light versus light and heavy BCTs. They also added a fourth in Fort Carson coming out of the DAB, which sort of made the purchases a bit more. So all of those factors come into play in what happens, why it's $250 million versus what we only expected to be about $50 million. I think the biggest piece of it is 1/2 of it only -- only 1/2 is going to be fielded, and it is a much higher price than what we've put in our own opportunity pipeline. And I think relative to the Manpack, in our ability to compete against that, look, we're working very hard on and we plan to offer a 2-channel Manpack when it goes to full and open -- integrated 2-channel Manpack when it goes to full and open competition by the end of the fiscal year, and I think we're going to be very competitive versus where the program record happens to stand.
Daniel R. Pearson: Chris, as we said when you asked a question on MNVR, we'll have a 2-channel competitive solution, and we're not going to get into what it's going to do right now.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is that the appliqué that you demonstrated a couple years ago?
Pamela Padgett: No.
Daniel R. Pearson: No.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And you can have a 2-channel radio, but the process of getting an NSA certification typically takes about a year, so does that put you behind the competition?
Daniel R. Pearson: No, we'll get there.
Operator: We do have a question from Gautam Khanna of Cowen.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just had a quick follow-up. You guys talked about the foreign RF pipeline. You mentioned Pakistan. I just wondered, I mean, does sequestration and just -- does it matter who is elected President? I mean, how much of a moving train is that order and orders similar to that in the Middle East, say? How dependent are they on kind of congressional approval whether it be something that has already been approved, or is it something that you think you're going to need buy-in from Congress before it can happen? And does it matter who wins the election in terms of the likelihood or non-likelihood of those orders happening this fiscal year?
William M. Brown: Right, right, right. Look, we -- first of all, our pipeline, it doesn't really hinge on who takes the White House and who's in Congress in November or not. I think it's -- I mean, I won't talk specifically about the opportunities and how they're being funded. But in general, from what we saw in the President's budget, the FMS funding line looks pretty good. It's sort of flat, maybe up a little bit in GFY '13. But also the amount of our international business that is coming from countries that require FMS funding is declining over time. Two years ago, it was north of 40%. Last year, it was about 1/3 or a little less than that. This year it's sort of down towards 20%. So it's coming down over time, and therefore, it is less dependent upon U.S. government funding for those kinds of opportunities. Hopefully, I answered that question. It's...
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, it was very helpful.
Pamela Padgett: All right. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate it.
William M. Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel R. Pearson - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janeda, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'm Pamela Padgett and on the call with me today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; Gary MacArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables of the press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn it over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay. Well, thank you, Pam. And welcome to our Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'll begin today's call by turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Harris fourth quarter results represented a solid finish to fiscal 2012. Revenue was $1.4 billion. Non-GAAP income was $162 million and increased 4% over the prior year even though revenue declined by 6%. Operating income was higher in all 3 segments as a result of our productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.42 was up a strong 15% compared to $1.24 in the prior year, reflecting higher operating income and share repurchases. In addition, cash flow was particularly strong in the quarter and resulted in record free cash flow for the year. Our new wins and orders in the quarter were encouraging as we enter fiscal 2013. Total orders in the quarter were higher than revenue and increased in all 3 segments. Although total revenue declined as expected due to lower revenue in Tactical Communications and IT Services, we are gaining traction in each of our growth initiatives. Public Safety and Professional Communications continued along its strong growth trajectory and was up 12% in the quarter. In CapRock, demand was strong for satellite communications solutions, with revenue up 8% and orders up solidly double-digit over the prior year and also significantly higher than revenue. In Healthcare Solutions, revenue increased 69% off of a relatively small base driven by excellent momentum in government healthcare where funding remains solid. In Tactical Communications, we're managing through a transition in the U.S. DoD market from one previously driven by OPTEMPO to a modernization cycle driven by wideband technology where we're the clear leader and where we continue to win on innovation and affordability. In government communications, continuing strong execution is generating solid operating margins, with sales to the classified community and civil customers like the FAA offsetting weaker DoD customer spending. For the full fiscal year 2012, orders were $5.48 billion, up 8%, and revenue was $5.45 billion, up 1% over the prior year. Although non-GAAP income from continuing operations was down 5%, non-GAAP earnings per share increased 4% to $5.20. Overall, company results for the fourth quarter and full year demonstrate that our strategy for creating value in a tough government spending environment is working, successfully execute in our core businesses and in our growth initiatives, drive operational excellence to lower costs across the company, generate higher free cash flow and return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance outlook, and then I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill. And good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. Revenue for RF Communications was $584 million compared to $628 million in the prior year. Tactical Communications revenue was $409 million, declining 13%. In Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth was excellent, increasing 12% to $175 million. Operating performance for the segment was very good, with operating income increasing in spite of lower revenue. Lower manufacturing costs and operating expenses resulted in a higher operating margin of 33.5%, up from 30.4% in the prior year. Orders for the segment totaled $529 million and book-to-bill was 0.91. In Tactical Communications, orders were $356 million, backlog was $665 million and book-to-bill was 0.87. During the quarter, Harris was awarded a 5-year, $400 million IDIQ contract from the U.S. Special Forces Operations Command and received 3 orders under that contract totaling $120 million for Falcon III wideband networking radios. Harris was also awarded a 5-year, $26 million IDIQ contract with the JTRS JPEO to maintain and enhance the JTRS Soldier Radio Waveform, the SRW software, which resides in the JTRS library and was originally developed by the program of record. This award highlights our company's unparalleled engineering expertise in developing and fielding robust waveforms. The domestic 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline remains healthy and well-funded at $1.1 billion. International orders in the quarter included $31 million from the Kingdom of Jordan for Falcon II and Falcon III radios for the next phase of their C4ISR system supporting domestic and international security missions, bringing orders to date for the modernization to $57 million. The opportunity could now reach over $150 million. International opportunities continue to be strong, and as of the end of the quarter, the 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline remained at $2.1 billion. In Public Safety, awards included a contract with a potential value of $109 million, with a $32 million initial order from the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Authority to deploy a communications network that will increase operational efficiencies, improve safety and provide interoperability with public safety agencies. San Francisco MTA will be one of the largest transit LMR systems in the country and is a key win for Harris in the growing transportation segment, a target market for Harris. The 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline for public safety stands at a healthy $2.9 billion. Turning now to Slide 6, in Integrated Network Solutions. Fourth quarter revenue decreased 10% to $379 million. Strong growth in Healthcare Solutions and CapRock was more than offset by declining revenue in IT Services. Non-GAAP operating income was $34 million, essentially flat with $33 million in the prior year as continuing strong improvement in CapRock was offset by operating income decline in IT Services. Operating margin improved from 7.9% in the prior year to 9%. In Healthcare Solutions, revenue increased 69% driven by government wins primarily under 2 IDIQ contracts known as T4 and EVEAH, which were awarded late last fiscal year by the VA to upgrade and streamline operations. For the year, Healthcare Solutions revenue increased substantially to just under $200 million. The commercial side of the healthcare business is still very much a work in progress contributing to a $5 million non-GAAP loss in the quarter for Healthcare Solutions. Significant integration actions were taken during the quarter to bring expense levels in line with anticipated revenue and we continue to expect Healthcare Solutions to be profitable in fiscal 2013. In IT Services, revenue declined from 2 programs, the Patriot program roll off and the completion of systems and network integration for the Army Materiel Command headquarters, driving most of the $82 million decline in year-over-year revenue. CapRock had another excellent quarter in orders, revenue and op income, ending the fiscal year with good momentum. As Bill mentioned, revenue increased 8% and orders were significantly higher than revenue. Integration has progressed well, driving improved operating performance, with CapRock achieving double-digit operating margin. During the quarter, CapRock was awarded significant new wins in the growing maritime market, including a 5-year contract with Royal Caribbean and a 5-year contract with a customer in the Asia Pacific region covering up to 2,000 commercial vessels. Moving to Slide 7. Revenue in government communications was $497 million, as expected, about flat with the prior year. Year-over-year revenue increases from the GOES-R weather program, NASA's Space Network Ground Sustainment program and classified programs were offset by lower revenue from defense customers. Operating income was $66 million compared with $63 million in the prior year. Operating margins increased from 12.7% to 13.3%. Harris was awarded a significant new win in the commercial space area, a 5-year contract to supply 81 ADS-B receiver payloads to be hosted on the Iridium NEXT constellation. We believe that the market for commercially hosted payloads over the next 5 years could potentially be $250 million. And this recent win will be the largest implementation to date. Let me now talk about the financial highlights and guidance. Turning to Slide 8, fiscal 2012 was another solid financial year for Harris. Operating cash flow in the quarter was $370 million compared to $276 million in the prior year. Free cash flow in the quarter was also strong at $311 million, more than double the $147 million in the prior year. For the fiscal year, operating cash flow was excellent at $853 million and free cash flow at $619 million, a record for Harris, was much higher than $508 million in the prior year. All 3 segments generated positive operating cash flow and free cash flow for the quarter and the year. Capital expenditures were $59 million for the quarter and $234 million for the year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.9%, and for the year, it was 33.1%. Moving to Slide 9. Fiscal 2013 guidance is unchanged, with total Harris revenues still expected to be flat to 2% higher than fiscal 2012 and EPS in the range of $5.10 to $5.30. As we mentioned in June at our Investor Day, we expect the first quarter to be weaker, as compared to the prior year first quarter, due to lower sales and income in Tactical Communications and IT Services. We still expect the rest of the year to be in line with or higher than the prior year. Guidance does not reflect any potential impact from sequestration. In the segments, guidance for RF Communications and government communications is unchanged. In Integrated Network Solutions, we expect fiscal 2013 revenue to be 4% to 5% higher compared with the prior year versus the 3% to 4% previously expected and operating margins still in the range of 8% to 11%. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to remain at 33% in fiscal 2013 and free cash flow in a range of $595 million to $665 million, the components of which are set forth on the slide. With that, let me turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown: Thank you, Gary. Our outlook for fiscal 2013 reflects what we believe will be another solid year in a challenging environment. We believe that the technology and innovation we bring to the marketplace are well aligned with our customers' spending priorities. Communications and ISR capabilities that we provide will allow the government to do more with less, and we provide those capabilities in more affordable solutions than our competitors. We are being smart about reducing costs and improving productivity so that we can continue to invest in R&D and the long-term success of our businesses, while at the same time driving value for shareholders by generating solid earnings and cash flow. And now we'd like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just I wanted to ask a question about the budget, the backdrop, sequestration, whether or not the guidance contemplates a CR and just, in general, Bill, how you're feeling about the relative risks around sequestration in the various business units, areas where you think there could be an impact there based on different contract structures, things that are incrementally funded. Any color you can provide on how you're planning and thinking about that outcome, should we actually see it, would be helpful.
William M. Brown: Sure. Well, first of all, as Gary mentioned, we do not contemplate sequestration in the guidance that we have given, but I think and that we all believe that a CR is a virtual certainty, much like it was last year. And that's going to provide in our fiscal second quarter some choppiness, I'd say, based on where our customers will end up deciding to shift some funding and what happens as we enter the start of GFY '13 under a continuing resolution. We're looking at a variety of scenarios in our business, much like everybody else's across-the-board 10% sort of bottoms-up programmatic type reductions. But based on little to no feedback from our customers on what they see happening and guidance from them as to what we should be contemplating, it's really a little bit premature for us to give us -- to give any sort of sense or guidance as to the impact of that going into fiscal year '13 or our fiscal year '13. That being said, we're not a big-platform player, Carter, as you know very, very well. We see the things that we do very much aligned with the DoD priorities of special operations, C4ISR solutions. And so we feel, versus – and relative to other players in the aerial defense industry, that we're going to be less impacted, though certainly not un-impacted, by a sequestration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is on INS and sort of on all the things going on there. Could you guys comment on -- it looked to me like your charges in there, your non-GAAP adjustments, were a lot higher than what you had suggested it would be last quarter, for the year. So can you talk about what's going in there and what the outlook is there for those adjustments for FY '13? Also, any update on the broadcast divestiture?
William M. Brown: Okay, good. Thank you, Joe. Well, first off, you're exactly right. Last time we spoke, in the last call, we gave some guidance around $0.25 a share as the integration expenses for integrating both Carefx as well as the suite of companies that we now call CapRock, so it's CapRock, Schlumberger, Core180. And in the reported results, it was $0.40 so it was $0.15 more. That's going from about $42 million to $58 million or $60 million higher in the fourth quarter than we would've indicated at the end of the third quarter, and that is investment in integration of both the CapRock franchise and Carefx, a little bit more on Carefx than on CapRock. We saw some additional opportunities. We've seen our profitability in the healthcare franchise not be what it is, or what we think it could be or should be, and we took some tougher actions in the quarter to drive profitability and achieve our targets longer term. I recall in -- back in early June when we talked about -- at our Investor Day, we talked very -- about very significant improvements in FY '13: 400 basis points of margin improvement in CapRock, driving healthcare from a deep loss to profitability in '13. And we're thinking we -- we think we've taken the actions we need to take to position ourselves for success in '13 and beyond. As you know, any further charges won't be absorbed below the line. It will be directly in our reported GAAP income and -- but we think a lot of the activities, a lot of the costs are now behind us. Going into BCD, we've just initiated the process. We're out in the marketplace with offering materials. The response so far has been very, very good. We expect bids in the next few weeks and we'll expect to conclude a transaction by the end of the year as -- end of the calendar year, as we’ve said last time, and we're on track for that.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Are you ready to give any further color on what the proceeds might be, or is it still too early?
William M. Brown: It still very, very early, Joe. And I think, more than likely, we'll wait until we actually get a deal done in order to give some color to investors around proceeds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you walk us through the small increase in the growth rate expectation for next year at INS? And in doing so, can you just touch on the degree of confidence you have that you've captured all the risks in the IT Services component, where you cited some downward pressure in the quarter and we're seeing similar trends really across the contracting community?
William M. Brown: Yes. I mean, first, we went from what was 3% to 4% growth in INS next year to about 4% to 5%, so it's about 1 point improvement. And the reality, Noah, came more from a reduction in our actual fiscal '12 revenue, as opposed to sort of increase in revenue in fiscal '13. We held our revenue in '13 because we were confident that we can achieve those numbers going into next year. So that's what really drove it up by that 1 percentage point, which, in context, is about $15 million, so it's not that material. In fiscal year '12, as you know, we saw CapRock and Healthcare Solutions well more than offset the reduction -- the decline in IT Services. We see -- going into '13, we expect very solid growth, in both CapRock as well as in Healthcare Solutions, at or more than market growth rates and we laid that out in our Investor Meeting early in June. And we do expect that, that is going to more than offset a flat to down IT Services market. Clearly, the environment on IT Services today is pretty tough. And we do see the roll off of the Patriot laws that happened early in 2011 -- or late in fiscal 2011, and that's going to continue to roll off with the first and second quarter of fiscal '13, so -- but if you remember, we took our margin guidance down on IT Services in early June by about 200 basis points. So it's not a very profitable business so big moves in IT Services, up or down, won't affect our overall profitability in -- at Harris that much.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then at RF, Bill, you talked about in the Tactical Communications side the transition from an OPTEMPO-funded environment to a modernization-cycle-funded environment. How are you comfortable that the small revenue decline you're guiding to next year captures the risks associated with that transition where presumably the customer is moving from, "Give it to me now as fast as humanly possible under any circumstance," to maybe being able to be more patient with the pace at which they procure and particularly so given the pressure on the overall funding environment.
William M. Brown: Maybe I'll say a couple of words and then ask Gary to jump in on this. Just in terms of our confidence on U.S. DoD tactical going into next year, we see today about 70% to 75% of the revenue that we're projecting in FY '13 is either in backlog or has been appropriated in GFY '12 or prior budgets, a little less than what we had thought before, it was about 80%, because we did a little bit better in Q4 in that particular business. So that's a little bit softer going into next year. Typically, we see 80% to 90% of our backlog at the end of the year convert in the following year at about 55% to 60% of new orders convert within a year. It's a little bit different going into next year. Pretty much, it's going to be consistent with FY '12. We see a little less backlog conversion -- a little more expectation of conversion from new orders over the course of '13. So a little more order and ship relatively quickly going into GFY -- into our fiscal year '13 than I think we've seen historically. I don’t know, Gary, if you want to offer comment?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. I'll just go to the kind of high-level things, Noah, that are helping us, giving us more comfort. Obviously, we're very early in the transition from -- moving from narrowband to wideband networking capabilities. We're looking at a commitment from the army to open and competitive procurement, which we think bids well for us, as well as -- SOCOM is going to have increasing importance and we're very competitively strong there. So that's all the points Bill mentioned. And if you look at the macro trends of what's going on with this movement to modernization, I think it gives us comfort that we've got it pegged about right.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then I'm just going to sneak in one more quick one. The healthcare move to profitability next year, what's the quarterly cadence of that through 2013?
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to provide any sort of quarterly guidance on healthcare. But if you run the numbers from FY '12, we had a pretty deep operating loss in that segment, and we will drive it to profitability over the course of next year.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But losing -- presumably still losing money in the first half before making money in the second, generally as a trend line, versus kind of flat lining through the year?
William M. Brown: Again, I'm not sure we're going to provide -- in fact, I know we're not going to provide quarterly guidance. But that would not be an unfair assumption. But Noah, it'll be profitable in FY '13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the tactical radios. Can you tell us, Bill, how much domestic was down for the year and then how much international was up and then maybe your expectations for those in fiscal '13?
William M. Brown: Okay. Just really going into fiscal '13, we see the Tactical Communications business being down mid- to high-single digits, pretty much in line with what we had said before, early in June and, I think, at the last call as well. What that means is the U.S. DoD will be down in the mid to high teens, with international being up mid-single digits. Gary, you want to maybe just say a word on '12 and the actuals in '12?
Gary L. McArthur: The actuals in '12 with regards to where we come out was, I think, on the revenue line, we ended up being around 51% coming from U.S. DoD, 49% of revenue coming from international. Orders were higher international than domestic. And then in '13 we do expect that orders will be -- orders and revenue will both be higher than -- in international than in domestic. I think that's about as much color as we want to give on '12 on the international and the tactical U.S. DoD side.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Are you guys factoring in any kind of wins on some of these competitions like MNVR and some of the other ones that are out there?
William M. Brown: Well, so far, we've won the GMR MNVR requirement for Capability Set 13 and that was won at the early part of fiscal '12. And -- but the MNVR RFP still isn't out. It's coming out in August. We'll have a solution, we'll bid for it and we think we're going to be very, very competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: As I recall, some of the turnaround that you expect in healthcare next year hinges on pretty important software update. I was wondering if you can update us on how that's going.
William M. Brown: Well, there's really a couple of things that are going to drive the improvement in healthcare going into next year. Part of it is just the savings that we're going to reap from some of the restructuring actions we've taken at the back end of fiscal '12, but there's -- beyond that, strategically, there's 2 things. One is there is going to be product upgrades, as well as important developments in the channel. On the product side, what we said last time is very much consistent today. Is that the market is still evolving, the needs of our customers are still evolving with that, and that's requiring us to do a bit more customization in our software product when we deliver to the customers, which is why we're losing money in that particular segment. Going forward, we're developing a software platform that is going to be a whole lot easier to customize or -- for a given customer situation, so we won't see that level of customization in the future, and that's progressing very, very well. And we're doing well rebuilding the indirect channel that we have in that particular business. So we're confident that we've got the right plan, the right people working on the initiatives to drive healthcare to profitability next year.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Good. And then just one more, if I could. We discussed sequestration earlier with respect to the DoD. I think most of us are pretty familiar with the dynamics potentially at work there. Can you talk about how your non-DoD business may be exposed to sequestration and how can we think about some of the potential risks there.
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, it's Dan. It would be about the same. Again, all our customers are having the same degree of angst about what it is, what's the 10% cut. Clearly, we believe -- in some of our areas, if the guidance from OMB gives them some flexibility, we think some of the FAA work we do in the GOES-R work will be fairly well protected because it’s so mission critical. But in general, our customers similar to the DoD are still doing a lot of scenario planning, waiting to see what the guidance will come out and how it will play out from the government, so it's not much different.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: In terms of worst case, though, we should think of your -- the rest of your government business also potentially looking at a 10% to 12% cut or so?
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, I think -- and again, that's where the decision will come out from OMB, how they'll implement it. If they do a 10% to 12% across-the-board cut, it could be that we're -- bad if they go program by program. We don't personally think they'll do that, but again, my Ouija board is no better than anybody else's at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis with Lazard Capital Markets.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a question about the recompete of NMCI, the next -- the NGEN program. I think it is your largest recompete. You do say that the sub [ph], from what I understand. And can we just get an update on the potential size and timing of this award?
William M. Brown: Well, on NMCI, we are the incumbent, so the slow environment in IT Services as a whole works in our favor because it just extends out the contract that we happen to have and it sort of preserves our earnings going into fiscal year '13. The RFP for the recompete was received in May. As you know, it's called NGEN. But the submittal time frame was delayed very recently by about 3 weeks to early August, so as we see it, it's pretty likely that there is going to be an award on NGEN much before March of 2013. So it's -- really, we don't see this NMCI recompete to have much, in fact, any impact on our fiscal '13 numbers. We think we're in a very strong competitive position in the things that we're bidding and we feel very confident that we'll come out on top in NGEN. In terms of the size, Dan, do you want to comment on potential size of the deal? I think it's going to be a little bit bigger than we've seen so far in NMCI.
Daniel R. Pearson: It's fluctuating around, let me just clarify a little bit. As Bill said, we are the current provider, the transport section for the NMCI program, HP EDS being the "prime." So there's 2 pieces, right, transport and enterprise. We have formed a team and we're priming the transport piece, it will be hundreds of millions of dollars over a multiple-year period. And we're on the CSC team for enterprise. So again from the perspective of what it would mean from us from a revenue perspective, it's about the same as it will be for NMCI to NGEN, maybe a little bit bigger, but it -- again, that's moving up and down.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And actually, the longer it pushes out price, the better for you. One more quick question: Year-over-year growth in classified programs in GCS, can you rest [ph] on what that percentage was?
William M. Brown: I don't think we give detail down below GCS, but I would say that the early part of the year was quite strong and we ended pretty strong on the segment which we call national intelligence, which is primarily classified program. So overall, a pretty strong year, and we expect to continue the strong year in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: A question relative to the 2 IDIQs for development work under the JTRS program. Is it -- are you the only one doing that development work? And are you in essence doing the work that was previously doled out by the program of record office?
Pamela Padgett: Are you talking about GMR, Mark, the GMR program?
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Yes, well, the 2 that were referenced here, the $26 million and the Soldier Waveform software development.
Pamela Padgett: Oh, I see.
William M. Brown: Yes. SR -- for SRW, we are the integration contractor and the sole contractor for that right now...
Pamela Padgett: That was originally developed by the JTRS program and they've now turned that over to us.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Finally, could you update us on the status of the buyback activity?
Gary L. McArthur: Sure. This is Gary. In the quarter, we repurchased around 600,000 shares for roughly $25 million at an average per share price of $41.43. That brings the total share buyback to the year of 12.2 million shares, spending roughly $467 million at an average share price of $38.14. So in total for the year, we reduced our outstanding share count as of what was outstanding as of the beginning of the year by about 9.9%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josephine Millward with Benchmark Company.
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us a number for your total funded backlog? And since you saw nice orders growth, can you give us more color on where you saw strength and how you see that translating into fiscal year '13?
William M. Brown: I'm just looking at Pam. The -- we provide that in our 10-Ks, so I guess it's not an issue for -- with regards to providing the total funded backlog, Pam?
Pamela Padgett: Well, the one that we normally talk about is our RF backlog, which...
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: But it's in the K, I can look it up. That's fine. I'm just looking for more of a breakdown by segment. Perhaps, you can talk about the major international RF opportunities that you're expecting to drive growth in the coming year?
William M. Brown: Well, okay. I mean, maybe I'll start with that while Gary and Pam are looking at -- looking for the funded backlog numbers. Just on the international Tactical Communications, we're coming off of a very, very strong fiscal 2012, with both revenues and orders growth being very strong for us. In fact, the revenues in Tactical Communications international achieved a record level in fiscal year '12 and both grew -- both revenues and orders grew solidly double digit year-over-year. So we're coming off of a very strong international tactical year that we had. We're very well positioned competitively. We're investing in lots of new products and capabilities to continue to grow the addressable market that we happen to have. We've got a very healthy pipeline, as Gary went through in his prepared remarks. The opportunities, though, will likely come in the tens of millions, not hundreds of millions like we saw with Australia this past fiscal year, that was unusually large. As we always say, the timing of these orders are very hard to predict. It's very, very lumpy. But we feel good about the pipeline. We see the political climate in Pakistan a lot better today than I would have said 6 months ago, but who knows what it's going to be in the next 6 to 12 months. So Pakistan is -- seems to be improving. We see opportunities in Iraq firming up. Gary referenced Jordan as some very good opportunities in the pipeline has come up pretty substantially since the last time we spoke and we've booked quite a bit of orders, about $60 million worth of orders that have been booked very, very recently. We also see good opportunities longer term in Brazil. It's progressing. We're still in the early stages, but we see good long-term growth opportunities in Brazil. And I'd say also Saudi and the UAE are both good opportunities for us over the medium term. So we feel good overall about the pipeline we have in international and those prospects which I just went through. So I don't know if you've got any perspective on the backlog or...
Gary L. McArthur: I do. Just again, these numbers are probably not totally final at the moment, but funded backlog is roughly $3.1 billion. And if I go to the components, it's roughly $1.3 billion at RF and roughly $931 billion at Integrated Network Solutions. And then at Government Communications Systems, it's $875 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two follow-up questions on the CapRock business. First, with regard to integration. Can you give us an idea of how far along you're in that process? I think that was one of the more complex activities, putting GCS and CapRock together. And second of all, can you talk to us about the demand environment there and, I guess, specifically on the government side with increased government investment in the WGS program, how that might impact your demand for services.
William M. Brown: On the first one, I would say we're very deep in the integration process. If this was football season, I'd say we were deep in the fourth quarter, but we're not spiking the ball yet. We've got some things we're still working on, but we're pretty far advanced on integration. There's also going to be, longer term, clearly some things we're going to do to drive continuous improvement in CapRock that will help us extend beyond the 400 basis points of improvement we are expecting to see in fiscal year '13. So I think we're doing -- we're progressing well. There's more opportunity that still remains ahead of us. And I'll let Dan maybe comment on the government environment on CapRock.
Daniel R. Pearson: Chris, I think, with the WGS Ka service, obviously we'll keep an eye on that, as we will the commercial services. But again, for most of the applications that we have currently, the C, X, Ku still is clearly the mission-critical kind of things we still see driving our business.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And what do you see as the primary growth driver by end market as you look ahead into FY '13 or beyond, is it government, is it commercial or oil services?
William M. Brown: You're talking within CapRock.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Within CapRock.
William M. Brown: Yes, really, I think it's across all 3 of them. And we spent a fair amount of time talking about the strategy in each piece at the end Investor Day. The -- we know that the energy market is growing solidly double-digit and we feel good that we're at least holding our own, I would say, probably gaining share. Maritime is also growing quite a bit and we are gaining share in the maritime segment. We talked about and Gary mentioned again today about Royal Caribbean. You can imagine that when one very large cruise line operator goes to the type of a broadband capacity on a boat that Royal Caribbean is, it's going to spur other players in the industry to do the same thing. So we continue to be encouraged by opportunities in maritime. And Dan just spoke a bit about government. So Chris, really, all across 3, we see very good, strong opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I joined the -- late in the call. It's -- so I apologize if you've covered this. But if you were to think about the M/A-COM business, the public safety business, is that still doing something in the order of 10% EBIT margins?
William M. Brown: We had a very strong fourth quarter. The margins were up hundreds of basis points and solidly above 10%, so solidly double digit, for the year, came in just below 10%. For next year, we think it'll be again just below 10% as we make some investments in LTE both in R&D as well as in sales and marketing expenses to position us for very good, strong top line and bottom life -- bottom line growth going forward. That being said, we still see that business to be sort of a low- to mid-teens business longer term on EBIT loss [ph].
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And do you have any preliminary color on the DAB review of the JTRS HMS program that happened last week?
William M. Brown: Well, it's a very interesting series events, got them over the last couple of weeks, which as you would imagine we're following very, very closely, as a lot of other people are. We certainly respect the decision that Undersecretary Kendall made to do what's right for the war fighter, for the taxpayer, by not approving a radio that the Director of OT&E said wasn't ready for fielding. It shows, at least to us, a lot of integrity in the process. The decisions are being made when products are ready for fielding. And at the end of the day, that's what these NIEs really are all about, and it does show integrity in the process that's been laid out by the Undersecretary. We're encouraged by the comments that Secretary Kendall was making around competition. We think that's very encouraging like GMR, like the [indiscernible] handheld, like the SRW appliqué, like Rifleman Radio. We see HMS is also going to go strongly towards open competitive environment over time. And that message that is being -- that is coming out of the Pentagon is also one that's been well supported by members of the Congress because it's the right thing to do for the war fighter, for -- and for the taxpayer as a whole. Our radios have been performing very, very well. They've been fielded on the battlefield, they're NSA-certified. And at the end of the day, as we said in early June and as Dan had clearly laid out, we're going to ultimately win in this space on innovation, on affordability and, importantly, speed, speed of execution. So we follow the DAB and what's been coming out of the Pentagon as very, very closely. And we respect the decision that the Undersecretary has made.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up on my first question, please. If you were to assume M/A-COM is a, whatever, 14% margin or something thereabouts, you still have the tactical RF business doing well north of 40% operating margins and I just -- and that's been the case for, I think, 3 quarters now. Can you comment on how you -- we should think about that level given the mix dynamics you explained for next year with DoD tactical down well in excess of what foreign is up, and will you be able to maintain those margins?
William M. Brown: Well, as -- we guided next year to margins of 30% to 31% in the RF segment and we talked at some fair detail as to how that's -- what's causing that margin to come down from where it has been this year and in the past. Part of it is mix and volume and pricing in tactical and part of it is some investments that we've made in R&D as well as in sales and marketing expenses. So Gautam, I think you're right on with tactical coming down mid- to high-single digits next year and PSPC growing, and we all know that PSPC comes in at a lower overall margin. That does sort of compress the margin expectations next year in that particular segment. But again, I come back, over the longer term, we feel good about being able to preserve our margins in both tactical and grow our margins in public safety over the long time -- over the long period. So we feel good about our prospects there, and again I think Daniel laid out his strategy for achieving that pretty clearly in early June.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And what do you anticipate the public safety margins should be at when you're mature on your process? Is it a 15% EBIT margin business, is it a 20% business?
William M. Brown: Well, right now, what we're focused on is making sure that we make the proper, smart investments in fiscal year '13. It will compress our margins a little bit, it won’t be down year-over-year, but be sort of consistent with where we ended at fiscal year '12, as we mix the right investments to position that business for longer-term success. Longer term, we've got lots of opportunities to drive efficiency, productivity, operational excellence throughout public safety. Dan and his team have a beat on this, they're working very, very hard on this. And that this is the margins we'll expand over time. It could be into the low teens to mid teens, but again we're focused right now on delivering fiscal year '13.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You guys put out a press release a couple of weeks ago that you're working with the SRW waveform and evolving it. I was wondering if you could comment on that specifically, as well as what that means, if anything, for ANW2.
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, Joe, this is Dan. First of all, the SRW, what we are is the integrating service contractor, so similar to what GD does for WNW. The JTRS JPEO has picked somebody who keeps up with the waveform, keeps it enhanced and keeps it current in the library. That's our job on that particular one. SRW and ANW2 are part of a family of waveforms. SRW is at the lower -- lowest level of the echelon and ANW is higher than that, so they don't, in essence, compete with each other, so...
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I shouldn't read this as you're being brought into the fold on the JTRS, waveforms, and have agreed passively to -- maybe a little bit to push your proprietary waveforms less.
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, no. I think what it means is we've always been in the -- working with the library on JTRS from day one, holding things out of the library whether it be WNW, SRW, MUOS, whatever they are, and put them on our radios. I think, as we go longer term, we're moving to a situation where we're going to continue to press the government. And with the proprietary, as you called it, ANW2, we're working actively with them to put that into the library. So there's no long-term plan on anybody's part not to have all these in the library and open sourced to everybody, all waveforms.
Operator: Your last question is a follow-up from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter J. Skibitski - Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Research Division: I'm not sure who wants to speak to this, but I was interested in your comments if you thought it was significant that DoD has sort of -- seems to have disestablished the JTRS PEO or at least kind of changed the name. I don't know if that's kind of a pro forma thing or if you think there is something that could potentially benefit you to that move.
William M. Brown: I think -- Pete, this is Dan. I think what -- clearly, the clear message was that, and if you read the release, what the Undersecretary did was he said, "Okay, I'm going to give the service that has the most intra-radios control over it, " and that, basically, no shock to any of us, we don't think it changes much in what's going on. And clearly, we're going to continue to work with the army, as the new executive officer, whether it's PEO C3T or whoever it is when they get it all done. We don't think it changes much. Innovation and our agility and affordability will still win out no matter who the JPEO is.
Pamela Padgett: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel R. Pearson - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Peter Skibitski Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janetta, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over for your host today, Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Hello, everyone. Good morning. Welcome to our Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. On the call today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.  And before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC.  In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Thank you, Pam, and welcome to our Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. I'll quickly review some of the highlights of our third quarter results, turn it over to Gary to walk through the details of the financials and then come back to you with a few comments before opening the call to questions.  Turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation. Harris posted solid third quarter results with orders, revenue and non-GAAP earnings all higher compared to prior year. Revenue increased 4% to $1.48 billion, and book-to-bill was greater than 1. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.39 increased 18% over the prior year and was driven by operating income growth at RF and Government Communications, nonrecurring royalty income and a lower share count from first quarter repurchases.  On the last call, I said we were going to be conservative on cash deployment with a focus on rewarding shareholders. We resolved a significant financial drag from the Cyber hosting facility and completed a thorough review of our business portfolio, and we've made good progress on all 3 fronts. The company continues to generate strong free cash flow, and at the end of February, we increased our dividend by 18% and raised our target payout ratio from 20% to 25%. We also announced in the third quarter that we are exiting the underutilized Cyber hosting facility, and the process to divest the assets is progressing quickly. Our business portfolio review is well under way and today, we're announcing the decision to divest Broadcast Communications, which we believe is no longer aligned with the company's long-term strategy. The combination of a lack of effective integration by the company over the last decade coupled with a market outlook that is not as promising today as once believed led us to conclude that the best -- that the business is best owned by another party. Although Broadcast is no longer core to our company, we believe the business has the potential for strong growth and margin expansion, is led by a solid leadership team and has long-term value for someone who brings a focused approach to the broadcast and media market. It's our intention to use the proceeds to return cash to shareholders and invest in growing our core businesses.  Also, as we said on our last call, the slower government spending environment requires increased attention to operational excellence and lowering costs, including a sharper focus on supply chain, factory and field costs, overhead rates and employment levels. The guidance that Gary will give in a moment reflects the cost-reduction actions we are taking in the fourth quarter that will benefit us in FY '13.  I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance outlook, and then I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions. Gary?
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning. Moving to segment results on Slide 5. Revenue for RF Communications was $538 million compared to $550 million in the prior year. Tactical Communications revenue was $398 million and declined 8%, driven by a significant decline in DoD. Although down slightly due to transitioning to Phase 2 of the Australia order, international revenue was at a healthy level and supports the strong double-digit growth expected for fiscal 2012. In Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth was excellent, increasing 18% to $140 million with strong growth in both products and programs. Operating performance for this segment was very good, with operating income increasing in spite of lower revenue. A favorable product mix, cost containment and lower manufacturing costs all resulted in higher operating margin of 33.8%, up from 32.5% in the prior year. Orders for the segment totaled $629 million, and book-to-bill was 1.17.  Tactical Communication orders were $534 million. Book-to-bill was 1.34, and backlog was $717 million. We continue to see demand for our products from all branches of the U.S. DoD. From the U.S. Marine Corps, we received a $64 million order for Falcon III radios, and we were awarded a $49 million IDIQ contract to provide Unity Multiband Land Mobile Radios to our Marine Corps first responders. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded a 5-year, $400 million IDIQ contract from the U.S. Special Forces, with an initial order of $39 million for Falcon III hand-held radios with wideband networking. We also expect an award later this fiscal year for the 4-year potential $500 million JTRS seizures next-gen IDIQ contract for Falcon III radios, including handhelds with wideband networking.  Late yesterday, the Joint Program Executive Office awarded Harris a $26 million IDIQ contract to provide the Soldier Radio Waveform software in-service support for the next enterprise domain. This is a key strategic win for Harris. The domestic 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline remains healthy and well-funded at $1.1 billion versus $1.2 billion at the end of the second quarter. International orders in the quarter were excellent, with the largest from Australia, $250 million for Phase 2 of a potential $500 million modernization program, and bringing total orders to date under this program to $362 million. Other international orders included $51 million from Iraq and $26 million from Jordan. International opportunities continue to be strong, and as of the end of the quarter, the 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline was $2.1 billion. The Public Safety, the 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline was $3 billion.  Let me now turn to Slide 6 and discuss Innovative Network Solutions, which excludes Cyber Innovative Solutions, now reported as discontinued operations. Third quarter revenue increased 8% to $500 million as a result of the acquisition of Schlumberger's Global Connectivity Services business. On an organic basis, revenue declined 1%. Strong organic growth in CapRock and Healthcare Solutions was offset by declining revenue in IT Services and in Broadcast Communications. Non-GAAP operating income decreased 17% year-over-year to $29 million, and operating margin was 5.8%. Strong operating improvement in CapRock was offset by weaker operating results, again, in healthcare and broadcast. Organic revenue growth in Healthcare Solutions was 47% and was driven by continuing strength in the government market. Government funding for improvements to electronic health records and interoperability remains healthy, with new contract wins in the quarter totaling $100 million from the VA and the DoD. Progress in commercial healthcare continues to be slow, causing a $5 million operating loss for healthcare. As a result, it's unlikely that Healthcare Solutions will be profitable for the year.  In Broadcast Communications, weaker demand in North America and longer international sales lead time led to a 14% decline in revenue to $111 million and resulted in a non-GAAP operating loss of $4 million compared to operating income in the prior year of $2 million. In IT Services, revenue declined in the quarter, resulting from the loss of the Patriot program and a tough government IT spending environment.  CapRock had an excellent quarter all around. New contract wins in the government and energy markets resulted in organic orders up 20% and organic revenue up a very strong 14%. Non-GAAP operating income was up more than 2x. The majority of the integration effort is nearing completion, and cost reductions are showing up in the bottom line. Also in CapRock, following the close of the quarter, Harris achieved a significant new win in the maritime market, a 5-year contract award with Royal Caribbean to provide global communication services onboard 34 of its ships.  On April 27, our Board of Directors approved a plan for the divestiture of Broadcast, and preparations to initiate a sales process are now under way. In connection with evaluating strategic alternatives for Broadcast Communications, we booked a $407 million noncash after-tax charge to write down goodwill and other long-lived assets. Our non-GAAP results in the third quarter exclude the charge, and beginning in the fourth quarter, Broadcast Communications' current and prior period results will be reported as discontinued operations. This morning, we filed an 8-K providing you with pro forma historical information excluding Broadcast from our fiscal 2011 and 2012 results. Moving to Slide 7, revenue in Government Communications increased a very strong 9%, reaching $471 million. Double-digit revenue increases in civil and national more than offset slower spending by DoD customers. Growth drivers were diverse, including classified programs, where we are experiencing strong demand and good funding. Major classified awards during the quarter included 4 awards totaling $183 million. Other revenue drivers in the quarter included continued ramping of the GOES-R Weather program, shipboard terminals for the Navy to provide broadband services and commercial satellite reflectors. Operating income was $64 million, and operating margin was 13.6%. Our diversified program base, large opportunities in the pipeline, which are in focused areas such as the FAA, and the strength of our classified base positions us well for the tougher government spending environment ahead. Turning to Slide 8. We ended the quarter with $299 million of cash on hand. Free cash flow was strong at $152 million as compared to $79 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures decreased $35 million to $53 million, and cash flow from operations was $205 million, up $37 million. All 3 segments generated positive operating cash flow. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32%.  Let me now move to guidance for 2012. As shown on Slide 9, consolidated revenue excluding Cyber Integrated Solutions and Broadcast is now expected to be about $5.45 billion, and non-GAAP earnings per share has been tightened to a range of $5.15 to $5.25 per diluted share. At RF and Government Communications, our guidance is unchanged. At Integrated Network Solutions, revenue is still expected to increase 9% to 11%. Non-GAAP operating margin is now expected to be between 7.5% and 8.5%. Nonoperating income for the year is expected to be $10 million to $12 million, with $8 million occurring in the third quarter as a result of nonrecurring royalty income. Also included in our 2012 guidance is approximately $5 million of restructuring charges planned for the fourth quarter that are anticipated to deliver $20 million to $30 million of savings in 2013 and which is included in our 2013 guidance. We expect cash flow from operations to be about $825 million and free cash flow to be about $575 million to $585 million, up over $60 million as compared to the prior year as a result of lower capital expenditures. Our outlook for the full year non-GAAP tax rate remains at 33%.  Turning your attention to fiscal 2013, we're initiating guidance with total Harris revenue of flat to 2% higher than fiscal 2012 and EPS in the range of $5.10 to $5.30. This does not reflect any impact from potential sequestration.  Turning to the segments. For RF Communications, fiscal 2013 revenue is expected to decline 3% to 4% from fiscal 2012, with operating margins of 30% to 31%. Operating income is expected to decrease as a result of lower revenue and increased investment in new products and solutions, partially offset by cost reductions and manufacturing efficiencies. Lower revenue is primarily a result of the continuing wind-down of military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and the uncertainty surrounding timing of awards from the Army's JTRS modernization program at U.S. DoD, partially offset by growth in international and public safety. For Integrated Network Solutions, we expect revenue for fiscal 2013 to be 3% to 4% higher than fiscal 2012 and operating margins between 8% and 11%. For the Government Communications segment, we expect revenue of 2% to 3% higher than fiscal 2012 and operating margin around 14%.  Corporate expenses are expected to decrease about $10 million to around $70 million for fiscal 2013 as a result of cost reductions, and nonoperating income is expected to return to historical levels of $2 million to $3 million of expense. Our full year tax rate is expected to remain at 33% in fiscal 2013 and assumes the R&D tax credit will be restored in the second quarter. We expect free cash flow to be in the range of $595 million to $665 million as a result of higher operating cash flow and lower capital expenditures. In addition to our typical annual share repurchases of around $200 million, we expect to use a portion of the proceeds from the sale of Broadcast to repurchase up to an additional $200 million of outstanding shares.  In short, EPS is staying about flat with fiscal 2012. We believe this is a good result in this environment. The operating income decline in RF Communications and the decline in nonoperating income is expected to be offset by growth at Government Communications and Integrated Network Solutions, cost reduction actions and share repurchases.  With that, let me turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay, thank you, Gary. We're focused on positioning our company for continued success in an increasingly challenging and uncertain environment. Over the past 6 months, I spent a considerable amount of time in Washington meeting with administration officials and elected representatives, who are all wrestling with the trade-offs and tough choices to tackle the deficit problem we face as a nation. How that debate plays out in an election year has significant implications for our company, the defense industry and our nation as a whole. And I don't expect much more clarity on the situation until we're well into our next fiscal year.  In that environment, we'll continue to focus on the things we control, aggressively addressing our cost structure and relentlessly driving productivity, improving cash generation and conservatively deploying capital with a focus on rewarding shareholders through dividends and share buyback, maintaining a healthy balance sheet and investing appropriately in technology innovation to improve our competitive position. We have very strong core franchise businesses led by an outstanding team that's committed to satisfying our customers and creating shareholder value.  And on June 4, I look forward to talking to you more about our plans for next year and beyond. And with that, I'd now like to ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. I wondered if you might elaborate on some of the areas of strength and weakness in the quarter? It look like PSPC was awfully strong, and I know, Gary, you highlighted a sort of big opportunity pipeline there. I wondered if you might speak to the strength you're seeing there and, at the same time, speak to IT Services, which looked like it was pretty weak in the quarter.
Gary L. McArthur: Okay, Carter, talking first to Public Safety and Professional Communications, we do see a very strong pipeline. There's opportunities like the San Francisco mass transit authority ahead of us, opportunities in Trinidad, some big opportunities that will help. We obviously have good wins in the past from what we win in the province of Alberta and the state of Oregon, so that business is very well positioned. If you go to the IT Services business, as I mentioned, we did lose the Patriot program, which is impacting this year pretty substantially. I think it's down $67 million year-over-year, as expected. And then we have seen just a pretty tough IT spending environment. It seems like the U.S. Government is just not spending dollars where they don't need to, and a lot of awards are moving to the right, and so that's been pretty tough for us. I think the good news, though, is we're not seeing continued weakening. I think it's starting to look like it's bottoming out, and we're feeling good about where we're ending up, I guess, for our guidance for the year now that these changes have occurred and where we expect it to go next year.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And one for Bill, briefly. On Broadcast, I'm sort of interested if you can tell sort of why now and what you and the board were thinking with respect to when is the right timing? I mean, I understand you're trying to focus on the core and your core businesses, but the same time how you evaluate the appropriateness of the timing, given that the business is sort of hovering around breakeven right now? Is this something -- how did you weigh the pull of fixing that business some more and potentially having some more interested buyers versus focusing on your core today? Any color there would be appreciated.
William M. Brown: Yes, Carter, thank you. It was a pretty long conversation with the board over the last 6 months, but it's not a new topic with our board. It's been discussed quite frequently over the last several years, given where Broadcast happens to be and some of the charges that have been taken in the past. And it's been an active discussion with our board on is it a fit? How do we make it better? What is the timing if we decide to exit? All those topic tend to come up quite a bit, and we had a long conversation about that. In our view, given the tough environment that we're facing, we think it's important for us to just focus our resources, including our management time and attention, on the businesses that we know to be core to our company so we can be successful into FY '13 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Chris in for Joe this morning. I was hoping you could give a little more color on the outlook for RF Communications. It seems like Tactical Radios will be down. I noticed both the domestic and international pipeline came down a little bit this quarter. Could you just perhaps say how much of that business might be down next year and what the offset is in Public Safety?
William M. Brown: Yes, the revenue for next year for RF will be down 3% to 4%, as we showed on the guidance page. The Tactical Communications business we expect to be down mid- to high single-digits. We expect PSPC to be up high single-digits.
Christopher Sands - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then -- and I know you mentioned in your guidance doesn't contemplate anything for sequestration. Anything for a continuing resolution in the fourth quarter?
William M. Brown: As Gary went through in some detail, we don't contemplate in any of the guidance or discussions today sequestration because, like everybody else, we don't know if, how much, is it going to be across the board, is it going to be targeted? So we really can't comment on any hypothetical scenarios or what the impact may be to the company. But we've done some contingency planning that we can quickly adjust our cost structure if it happens. And one of the things that is on our mind, it's a near-term concern, is the potential impact on our first half, given the likelihood of a continuing resolution and some uncertainty around sequestration that it may cause some of our customers to push things out of it. We're in a situation where our fiscal year straddles sequestration. So our first half will come into play later this year with a potential continuing resolution. But relative to that, keep in mind, our content on large high-profile platforms is relatively modest. Our products, in our view, are closely aligned with where the DoD has stated their priorities to be, smaller, more nimble, more capable fighting force, a network battlefield, special ops, all of which we have some strength in. And also helping us as well is what we see to be some strength in the international business, which, as you know, was a little bit more than half our Tactical Communications business. So we are anticipating that there will be a CR that will put some pressure in the first half, but I think the bigger issue is the looming sequestration.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just couple of clarifications on some of the components in the outlook. Is it correct that the new 2012 guidance does not have any changes in segment revenue or segment operating margin other than moving Cyber and Broadcast? There's no change to any of the remaining legacy business. Is that correct?
Gary L. McArthur: That is correct with regards to RF and Government Communications, no change at all to the forecast. I think -- to the guidance. I think I gave the specifics on the Integrated Network Solutions. And if you just looked at kind of guidance where it was and guidance where we're coming out now and, big picture, moving Cyber into discontinued operations, there was a plus up. And then by moving Broadcast into discontinued operations and then the lower income and revenue and Integrated Network Solutions, those were both down as well as the restructuring charges that we're taking in the fourth quarter. So net-net, that's kind of where we're at.
William M. Brown: Yes, specifically on the ROS on INS is also impacted by margin erosion in healthcare. We said before it was going to be profitable. Now it won't be, and that's a key part of it.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. So those are all of the main components?
William M. Brown: Correct.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then with 2013, Gary also alluded to taking the proceeds from the sale of Broadcast and buying back stock. Does the 2013 EPS guidance specifically estimate what you'll get for Broadcast and then translate that into repurchasing shares and a lower share count? Or would use of proceeds from Broadcast be upside to this initial fiscal '13 guidance?
William M. Brown: What we have done is assumed that a transaction takes place at the end of this calendar year, so mid our fiscal year, and $200 million, whatever the proceeds happen to be, will be used to deploy into share buyback in the third quarter of next year. And that's what we've assumed. As Gary mentioned, we've just initiated a process to launch a sale, but we're just getting started.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one more for you, Bill, now that you've had a few more months to sort of get your arms around the business, I wonder what your view is on when the bleeding stops at RF? How many more quarters or years until that business can go back to top line growth and stop having margin compression? And perhaps, if you could, within that comment, on what you think the right long-term margin we should all be thinking about is in that business?
William M. Brown: Well, what we're going to do today is provide you an outlook for '12 and where we're at in '13. Anything beyond that, I think, is going to come to a conversation later on in June. But I think I may take exception and correct you on the bleeding. It's been certainly one of the most successful franchises we own. It's doing extremely well. It's a global market leader, a leader in the U.S. with exceptionally strong margin. It's a fantastic team, outstanding technology. And in fact, one of the things that we're doing in the guidance in FY '13 with margins coming down is investing in R&D to grow the business over time. So I wouldn't say it's a bleeding business. I would say it's actually an extremely successful one.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, I don't disagree. But I think the stock's multiple, in a lot of ways, reflects how difficult it is to forecast what the long-term growth rates and margins are going to be in that business. So any color you could give there, if it's today or if it's when you guys get us all together in June, I think, would be super-helpful to investors.
William M. Brown: We understand, and we'll provide more in early June. But as we see -- going into next year, we do see, not unexpectedly, some softness in U.S. DoD tactical radios, and we have anticipated that. But fortunately, we're seeing some strength in the international arena.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Gary, I was wondering if you could tell us how much nonoperating income you have baked into fiscal '12 from either a dollar or cents per share and if there's any of that baked into fiscal '13?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, in '12, it's $10 million to $12 million is the range that we're giving. And for FY '13, it's actually $2 million to $3 million of expense, which is returning to kind of our historical levels. This year, we benefited from some royalty income kind of one-off patent sales. We don't plan for those. We do have a team that works on that, and they come in kind of intermittently. So this year, definitely $10 million to $12 million. Next year, an expense of $2 million to $3 million is what's in our guidance.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. I just wanted to clarify. The expense reductions you're taking in the next quarter, those are expected to save $20 million to $30 million in fiscal '13? Is that correct?
William M. Brown: That is correct, and that is based into the guidance.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. And then finally just with respect to IT Services. Gary, in your prepared remarks, it sounded like you feel like that business is bottoming after apparently some weakness, I guess, throughout this year. I'm just wondering what you're assuming for fiscal '13. Are we looking at that as sort of a flattish business now? Or do you see that going down more or, in fact, returning to growth at some point?
Gary L. McArthur: Right now, we're looking at it more as flattish to up, not flat to down, but not seeing strong growth. So that's kind of what's baked into our guidance based on the environment we're seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter Skibitski: Bill, I don't know if we should wait until June for this, but I thought I'd see if I could ask you one more time. Do you think you're done at this point with the portfolio reshaping? I think you've certainly sort of made your mark on the company so far in terms of strategy and reshaping things. Would you say you're done at this point? Or is there more to go?
William M. Brown: We don't see any other portfolio reshaping at this point in time.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, got it. And I just want to ask you, within RF, you gave us a sense on fiscal '13 in terms of Public Safety versus Military. Is it safe to assume that international Military revenue within RF for fiscal '13 will be up, or no?
William M. Brown: Yes, we expect within Tactical Communications that international will be up mid-single-digits.
Peter Skibitski: Got it. And then last question, can you give us a sense of how much you expect RF R&D to be up in fiscal '13?
William M. Brown: I think we're going to come back to that in early June, because we can give you a little bit more sense not just in what's happening with the investment, but more importantly, what we're spending it on and why we think it's important. But I would say if you look on page that shows the margins, we're going this year from about 33% to about 30% to 31% next year, and half of that decline is relative to gross margin. Part of it is just mix between PSPC and the tactical business. Part of it is price. Part of it is volume. The other piece of -- the other half of the margin erosion comes from investments we're making, principally in R&D.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis with Lazard Capital Markets.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: So I have to applaud you on this broadband -- or, I'm sorry, this Broadcast divestiture. It just never made sense to me, but I'll move on. Gary, the after-tax loss from Cyber was about $100 million. I think the expectation when you announced it was $70 million to $80 million. What's the delta there, and was there -- why was it higher?
Gary L. McArthur: There was some additional software that we decided to throw into the mix, and then we also had some lower prices on the building than what we expected. Those are the, really, the 2 main components, and the number we did give you does include the losses from the business as well. So if you took the $100 million, I think you get down to what we said, the $70 million to $80 million. We're still in the kind of high-80s of where we're coming out on the building and some additional software and stuff we threw in, and then the rest of it is the losses just from the business.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then you brought up Patriot. And that was a tough loss. Have you done the math? If you backed out Patriot program, what would the IT business look like on a year-over-year basis pulling that out? Have you done that math?
Gary L. McArthur: I haven't done the math specifically. But as I said on the call, the business overall was down about $67 million from Patriot. I don't have right in front of me last year and where we're at, but it has declined some. In the quarter, it was almost all Patriot. And rather than just guessing it, let me do the math and get back to you.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then one final question. You're embedding the R&D tax credit into your expectation, which somewhat varies with some of your peers. What would the tax be if the R&D did not hit?
Gary L. McArthur: About 1% higher, about 0.8%, to be precise on the math. So it's in that 1% higher range if we do not get the R&D investment tax credit next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: My question is related to acquisitions. Historically, they've been used to build segments, gain scale and focus for the company. Kind of seemingly, the 3 remaining groups have that scale and are focused. Does this mean that in the coming years or coming couple of years that there may be a greater emphasis on buybacks and dividends rather than acquisitions? Or do you still see more opportunity to build scale?
William M. Brown: I don't think I would necessarily conclude that. I think for the near term, we don't see a lot of M&A activity happening at Harris. Frankly, we've got our plate a little bit full right now with what we're doing with Cyber and with Broadcast and just with the overall environment and me understanding and resetting the strategy. But M&A will clearly play a role in our long-term strategy at the company, and I expect we'll get back to that. And there will be some balance between share buyback and M&A.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay, a follow-up, Gary. Historically, you've kind of looked at capital deployment over a 3-year timeframe. Do you have thoughts relative to what you see from a deployment standpoint for the fiscal '13 to '15 period, which will be the next 3 years?
Gary L. McArthur: I think I'll probably reserve some of that for, again, our Investor Day in June, but we did give some guidance when we raised our dividend that we're now targeting a 25% payout ratio, so that kind of brackets where we've been on dividends. And we've been actively over the last several years in the market buying back a couple of hundred million dollars of our stock I talked about this year. That's kind of our normal practice again for '13. That's our expectation, and then we'll use some of the proceeds from broadcast to add to that. So I think that 25% payout ratio and around a couple of hundred million a year is at least our current thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Co.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first, I want to make sure I understand the guidance. It looks like you gained about $0.13 through the first 9 months of the year by shifting the Broadcast and Cyber losses off to discontinued ops. So by keeping your nominal EPS target unchanged, it looks like you've actually lowered kind of the base-case guidance by about $0.15 on a full year basis. Am I looking at that the right way?
William M. Brown: It's very close, yes.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the cash from divesting the Broadcast business and exiting Cyber, you said around $200 million for Broadcast may be towards the third quarter next year. Is that what you expect to make in total? Or is that kind of a conservative estimate? And then where should we see kind of the money coming in from getting out of Cyber and selling those assets?
William M. Brown: What we said was we would use $200 million from whatever the proceeds were for divesting Broadcast to buy back shares. Our assumption is that the transaction closes at the end of this calendar year, so we use that proceeds of $200 million in Q3 FY '13. We fully expect that the proceeds will be substantially higher than that $200 million. [indiscernible]
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Are you ready to give us some kind of range for that?
William M. Brown: No. Like I said, we've truly have just initiated the internal process of the launch of sale, so we're not even close. Now you mentioned about Cyber. We do expect that to conclude towards the end of this fiscal year or into early FY '13, and that will be incorporated into our cash flow guidance.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And any kind of sense of what those assets are worth? Or is that also TBD?
William M. Brown: I think TBD.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just one other quick one. On the guidance for 2013, your profit margin for INS is quite broad, 8% to 11%. Can you give us a sense of what are the factors that potentially take you to the higher end or low end of that guidance?
William M. Brown: Maybe I'll start with that and, Gary, and pass it to you. Clearly, we do have expectations for continuing growth and margin expansion in CapRock, which is benefiting from very, very solid integration work over the last year. And we do expect to drive the healthcare business from a loss to profitability in FY '13. And I'd say those are the 2 biggest factors that would drive it. I don't know if you want to...
Gary L. McArthur: No, I think you hit the 2 main ones, Bill. And as I said, IT Services pretty flattish on the revenue side, and the margins won't change dramatically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Like could you talk about what specifically you're going to get that payback on the restructuring?
William M. Brown: The charge we're taking in Q4 is about $5 million, and it's for -- obviously, it's just a charge for the employment reduction. But when I add in employment, employees plus contractors, we're anticipating a reduction across the company of about 2% of our total population of contractors and employees, and it's -- I'm not going to talk about the specifics about where that's going to be, but that's what drives the very substantial payback in FY '13.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Anything -- you characterized the RF tactical pipeline as still being pretty elevated. I guess, when we look back, the bookings quarter-to-quarter have been pretty choppy, this quarter being an exception to the upside. But could you characterize kind of what you see in the near term with respect to order potential? Are there any large ones that are close at hand? How should we be thinking about kind of book-to-bill in the June and September quarters so that we're potentially protected at the sequester?
William M. Brown: I mean, maybe I'll start and maybe toss it to Gary. I think on a year-to-date basis, our book-to-bill is just less -- it's a little less than 1, it's about 0.96. And we've had a very nice Q3, very strong international orders. Of course, we don't and we won't today provide any sort of guidance around orders or when they're going to happen or project a year-end backlog. But so far, year-to-date and on an LTM basis as well, the book-to-bill has been relatively good. I don't know if, Gary, you want to...
Gary L. McArthur: No, I think you've covered it again, Bill. I mean, we have had -- we won a great IDIQ contract with the Special Forces. We see another one coming up with the JPO office on seizures, and we did some initial orders. I would still expect that, as in the past, our orders are pretty lumpy from one quarter to the next and won't necessarily change. So some quarters, we're up, as this one. Last quarter, we were down some overall. As Bill said, year-to-date, 0.96 book-to-bill. And we're just not going to get into the pattern of trying to predict where that's going to be.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Are there any lumpy, large ones out there on the international front that you can point to?
Gary L. McArthur: There's good opportunities, again, in the countries that we've talked about, and they're hard to predict timing. But you've got the country in Central Asia. You've got Iraq. You've got a country in Northern Africa. You've now got Australia that we're into Phase 2, and other phases will come. We mentioned Brazil as having opportunity. And so it's hard to predict whether they'll do that in steps, or sometimes you get a big award. And so I'll just leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A question with regard to the broadcast divestiture. If you're unable to receive what you consider to be a fair bid for that business, would you consider spinning it off to investors in the same way that the microwave business was divested some years ago?
William M. Brown: We're going to -- I'm going to defer that to later in the year when we actually start the process and start seeing what the activity happens to be. I don't think I would comment on any structure. Our intention today is to divest the business in a sale with cash returning to the company.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And if you were to look today at your business portfolio, is -- which area would rise to the top as the one where you would most likely invest?
William M. Brown: Again, I'm going to push that to a later conversation. I don't think I want to speculate today on where across the portfolio we're going to invest cash proceeds or cash in terms of an M&A perspective. Clearly, I did reference the increasing investment we'll see in R&D next year in our RF business, both in Tactical Communications as well as PSPC. We'll also see a little more R&D spending, internal Iraq [ph] spending at our Government Communications business as we invest in developing products and innovation for future growth. But that's really the things we're going to focus internally. We're clearly getting back to what are the businesses at our core and making sure they're fully funded and are successful.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and if I can, the -- on the Tactical Radio business, correct me if I'm wrong, but the MWDR [ph] contract is currently the sort of the biggest opportunity sitting out there with the U.S. Government. Can you give us a rundown of where you stand in terms of certifications for that program, both in terms of Rifleman Radio, waveforms and encryption relative to the competitive field and when you expect a likely contract award for that particular contract?
Daniel R. Pearson: Chris, it's Dan. The procurement's been delayed about 3 months right now, that's kind of where we're at out of the contracting shop. But quite frankly, for competitive reasons, we're not going to talk about what certifications and other things that we're going to do in that radio, channel, 2 channels, how it's going to be configured. Clearly, it's something we're very much focused on with our RF team. But from a competitive perspective, we're not going to talk about it. We did get [indiscernible] certification for SRW. And as you've seen from the JPO, we're very happy with the software contract, but we're moving along our path with all waveform, just like we have, but we're not going to get in the business specifically, especially on these very competitive [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josephine Millward with Benchmark.
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about funding sources for the U.S. Tactical Radio market going forward, in particular on the $400 million SOCOM and the $500 million seizures IDIQ contracts? In the past, they were primarily funded by the supplemental. So how do you get visibility going forward in this environment?
Gary L. McArthur: We're feeling pretty good, Josephine, about the visibility on the funding. Basically, about 80% of the revenue that we're forecasting for FY '13 U.S. DoD is already either funded from backlog or in the GY government budget of '12, so leaving only 20% of the funding to come from FY '13 appropriations. So overall, it doesn't come from any particular one line item. Some of them are easy to identify, but we've sat down with our RF team and gone through every line item of where that revenue is expected to come from. And as I said, 80% of it, of what we're expecting next year is already funded.
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. Can you provide a more detailed breakdown of your assumptions for your guidance for Integrated Network Solutions? What's the growth rate assumptions for CapRock and healthcare next year?
William M. Brown: I don't think we're going to give today any more granularity on INS or GCS. I did provide, I think, quite a bit of insight into our thinking on the RF business for obvious reasons. But I think I'm going to push out into early June any further conversation on guidance on INS.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with Drexel Hamilton.
Peter Skibitski: Yes, just a follow-up. On the healthcare IT margins, guys, I'm just wondering why the loss in the quarter? And maybe, Bill, if you have kind of a target margin rate for that business?
William M. Brown: Well, I think the issue in the quarter is what we've seen over the last 6 to 9 months is in the commercial -- first of all, the government healthcare side of our business is performing very, very well, and we're thrilled with that. We're executing well. We're winning new contracts, and we're feeling very, very good about that. And if you can recall in the last earnings release, I talked about our ability to sort port some of those capabilities from the government side into commercial. Last year, we bought a company called Carefx. Clearly in the commercial side, the market is still evolving. Needs of customers aren't entirely well-defined, which sometimes requires a higher-cost customization of the software, and that's what we're seeing now in some of the losses that are occurring. But we see ourselves evolving the product. We think costs will come down. We think conversion rate of opportunities to orders should improve, and we expect that business to be profitable in next year. So I think that's the direction we'd give today.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and we hope you join us for our June 4 Analyst Meeting in New York City. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations William M. Brown - Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel R. Pearson - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc. Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Harris Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janeda, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. It's so nice to be saying good morning instead of good afternoon. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call with me today is Bill Brown, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer; Dan Pearson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Before we get started, a few words on forward-looking statements. In the course of the teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Bill, I'll turn the call over to you.
William M. Brown: Okay. Thank you, Pam, and I want to welcome all of you to our Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. As you know, I came to Harris from United Technologies, where I've held a number of line and functional roles, including leading large global businesses from both the U.S. and Asia and executing on a large number of acquisitions and divestitures. I also spent 7 years at McKinsey & Company working on a variety of strategy and operational improvement projects for a number of industrial companies.  While my background is more in the commercial than the government space, I believe my global experience, track record for M&A and post-merger integration and operational excellence capabilities are all very relevant to Harris and important in the current environment. Given the challenges we now face with constrained government spending, we need to take a fresh look at our strategy and ensure we're as successful in the next decade as we were in the last.  So while the purpose of today's call is to detail our Q2 results and outlook for the year, I'd like to provide you a few initial thoughts and perspectives on what I've seen so far and what I expect to focus on in the near term, recognizing it's still early and I have much to see and learn. But first, I'd like to quickly review some of the highlights of our second quarter results, turn it over to Gary to walk through the details of the financials, and then come back to share with you a few perspectives.  Turning to Slides 3 and 4 in the presentation, Harris posted solid second quarter results with revenue of $1.45 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.22, both slightly ahead of the prior year. Orders were $1.2 billion, down 15% following a strong start in Q1, and we announced today that we received a very large $235 million Tactical Communications order from Australia in mid-January after the quarter closed, the second phase of a $500 million multiyear modernization program.  GAAP and non-GAAP net income were lower primarily due to the lack of the expedited MRAP shipments in Q2 of last year. All segments reported sequential operating margin improvement, and cash flow from operations increased significantly compared to the previous quarter and prior year, supporting expectations for strong cash flow again this year.  I'll turn it over to Gary to comment on segment results and guidance outlook, and then I'll come back with a few comments before we open the call to questions. Gary?
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Moving to segment results on Slide 5, revenue for RF Communications was $526 million compared to $545 million in the prior year. Tactical Communications revenue was $391 million, declining 8%. Prior-year revenue benefited from the last quarter of expedited MRAP shipments to the DoD. Excluding the $80 million of MRAP revenue in the prior year, Tactical Communications revenue increased double digit, with international revenue more than offsetting the decline in DoD. International revenue growth was driven by major deliveries to countries in Africa and Asia.  In Public Safety and Professional Communications, revenue growth was excellent, increasing 14% to $135 million. Operating income was lower, as expected, compared with the prior year. Sequentially, operating margin increased from 31% in the first quarter to 33% in the second quarter, improving as a result of a more favorable product mix, continuing cost containment and lower manufacturing costs. Orders for the segment totaled $268 million.  Tactical Communication orders were $183 million, and backlog was $581 million. Book-to-bill for Tactical Communications was only 0.47, however, as Bill mentioned, the order from Australia gets us off to a strong start in Q3. At the most recent Army NIE event, Harris' integrated wideband networking capabilities successfully connected dismounted soldiers to senior commanders across an Army brigade combat team using our 117G and the new 152A wideband handheld radios. The system continued to demonstrate Harris' leadership in wideband communications services providing voice, data and video in support of the Army's modernization efforts and validated the maturity of our product offerings.  We continue to see demand for our products from all branches of the U.S. DoD. In addition to the 117G opportunities for the Army, we expect later this year to be awarded a multiyear Falcon III IDIQ contract for the U.S. Special Forces with a potential value of up to $400 million and a 4-year 152 and 152A IDIQ contract for JTRS CISCHR next gen with a potential value of up to $500 million. The domestic 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline remains healthy and well-funded and, as of the end of the quarter, was $1.2 billion.  International opportunities continue to be strong, led by several multiyear modernization programs. Let me give you a couple of examples. In the quarter, it did include a $70 million order from an undisclosed country in Africa for the second phase of this potential $400 million multiyear program, bringing total orders for this program to $257 million. Another example is an $11 million order from the Brazilian Ministry of Defense for Falcon II and Falcon III radios as part of a multiyear modernization program, having a potential opportunity in excess of $300 million.  Orders to-date in this rapidly emerging market now total $29 million. And in Australia, the large order we received was for Phase II of a potential $500 million Department of Defense JP2072 multiyear modernization program. This is the second order under this program, bringing total orders to-date to $347 million.  These multiyear modernization programs, when combined with similar programs in Iraq, a country in Central Asia, and Mexico and the additional sales that come from over 100 other countries around the world, continue to position us well in international markets. At the end of the quarter, the 12- to 18-month opportunity pipeline for international was $2.3 billion. Adding the $3 billion pipeline for Public Safety to the $3.5 billion for Tactical Communications, the total 12- to 18-month pipeline for the RF Communications segment is a healthy $6.5 billion.  Now let me move to Integrated Network Solutions, so please go to Slide 6. Second quarter revenue in Integrated Network Solutions increased 6% to $526 million primarily as a result of the acquisition of Schlumberger's Global Connectivity Services business and strong growth in healthcare. On an organic basis, revenue declined 4%, driven primarily by a significant decline in IT Services revenue resulting from the lost Patriot program, lower IT spend coming through government IDIQ contracts and contested program awards. While non-GAAP operating income was flat year-over-year, sequential improvement was driven by lower losses in Cyber and Healthcare and improving performance in Broadcast.  At Broadcast, the team and our manufacturing partner did an excellent job mitigating the impact of the Thailand flood to approximately $5 million of revenue and $2.5 million of profit, which are now expected to book in Q3. And at Broadcast, our revenue and operating income were both up year-over-year.  In Healthcare, revenue growth was strong and driven by continuing strength in the government market. While our entry into the commercial healthcare market has ramped slower than expected, opportunities are starting to firm, and we're expecting continued improvement in the back half. We still expect Healthcare Solutions to be profitable for the year.  In CapRock Communications, organic revenue declined 5% due to the installation of a large subsea tsunami warning system in our legacy maritime business in the prior year. Pro forma revenue for our recently acquired companies increased 5% year-over-year, led by excellent growth in the government market for managed satellite communications solutions. The leading indicators for this business, such as oil and gas capital spending, rig count and demand for bandwidth, are all up, and we expect double-digit revenue growth in the back half of fiscal 2012.  Losses in our Cyber initiative have continued. Our plans to provide trusted cloud hosting for government agencies and our distribution partnership targeted at the enterprise market are materializing slower than expected. We're evaluating alternative corrective actions, with a plan of getting back to you within the next few months regarding any steps we may take.  Let me now move to Government Communications Systems, going to Slide 7. Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment was $422 million in the second quarter, flat with the prior year. Good growth in classified programs and commercial satellite reflectors was offset by declines in DoD programs and the completion of FDCA. Operating income was $63 million, up 6% as a result of outstanding cost performance on fixed-price programs along with a favorable product mix, continuing to drive our above-industry average operating margin. High bid volume generated during the quarter is expected to turn into back half awards now that the government budget is set. Wins in the second quarter included being selected as part of the Boeing team to continue providing communications capability for the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense contract, GMD.  Our existing diversified program base, large opportunities ahead in focused areas such as the FAA and the government-stated priorities in ISR have the business well positioned for the expected tougher government spending environment ahead.  Now let me talk to a few of our financial highlights, going to Slide 8. We ended the quarter with $387 million of cash on hand. Cash flow from operations was $199 million compared to $94 million in the prior year. All 3 segments generated positive operating cash flow. Operating cash flow was especially strong at RF Communications, where, as expected, as compared to the prior quarter, day sales outstanding improved nearly 4 days and inventory turns by 0.5 turns as a result of a full quarter of manufacturing and shipments at the new facility. Free cash flow was also strong at $159 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.1%.  Moving to fiscal 2012 guidance, as shown on Slide 9, consolidated revenue is now expected to be about $6 billion, and non-GAAP earnings per share remains in a range of $5.10 to $5.30 per diluted share. In RF Communications, revenue is now expected to be 6% to 8% lower than the prior year, including a 12% decline in Tactical Communications. Public Safety is still expected to grow double digit. Segment operating margin is now expected to be about 33%.  In Integrated Network Solutions, revenue is now expected to increase 9% to 11%, with organic growth of flat to 2%. Non-GAAP operating margin is still expected to be between 5.5% and 6.5%.  In Government Communications Systems, revenue is now expected to be 1% to 3% higher than fiscal 2011, with operating margins of about 14%. Nonoperating income in the second quarter was approximately $3 million as a result of royalty income, and we expect additional royalty income in the third and fourth quarters, resulting in $10 million to $15 million of nonoperating income for the year.  In short, we're maintaining our EPS guidance as lower expected operating income at RF Communications and Integrated Network Solutions is expected to be offset by margin improvement in Government Communications Systems, higher nonoperating income and lower expenses from cost-control initiatives. The guidance provided does not include any actions we may take with our Cyber initiative.  We continue to expect cash flow from operations to improve each quarter in the back half, and we're maintaining our guidance of $825 million to $875 million. Our outlook for the full year non-GAAP tax rate remains at 33%, with the tax rate for any given quarter varying up or down for discrete tax events. With that, let me turn it back to Bill.
William M. Brown: Okay. Thank you, Gary. Clearly, we're in a more challenging environment with constrained government funding, but we have some very strong competitive positions. A smaller, more nimble fighting force will require more advanced information and communications capabilities, as well as stronger international coalition partners, both of which clearly play to our strengths. Our Tactical Communications business has been wildly successful over the past decade, and I like our position today.  We have a unique commercial business model that fosters speed and innovation. The wideband modernization of tactical networks in the U.S. is underway, and our products are performing well both on the battlefield and in test evaluations, and we're winning the large multiyear opportunities in the international arena. Our lead in the marketplace is exceptional, and what's made us successful in the past will continue to do so in the future, and that is excellent execution on the things that we control: the technology, the cost, the quality of our products and the responsiveness of our organization to our customers. And I'm thrilled with the team we're fielding to get that done.  In Public Safety, I kind of like our odds of being David against Goliath. A lot of good work has been done to improve our products and systems, but we need to broaden our offering; drive technology adoption like LTE; develop a stronger, more robust distribution channel; and reduce our cost structure. We have noise cancellation, software-defined radio and deep RF systems expertise, which we can leverage from a tactical radio business. And the war fighters who loved our tactical radios on the battlefield are now the first responders using our products stateside. The market is large in North America and developing rapidly in places like Brazil, and I'm bullish about gaining share and winning in Public Safety.  In Government Communications, we have very good balance across the defense, national intelligence and civil sectors, above-industry average margins and a number of multiyear franchise-type programs. This is a business with truly innovative technologies led by a team that knows how to execute well on large, complex programs like operating the FAA's air traffic control telecom network, where every single day, 65,000 flights arrive safely using our highly secure and reliable network that operates at very high performance standards across more than 4,000 locations. And I've learned that our work with the FAA is a great calling card with potential commercial customers, and I'm excited about continuing to explore opportunities to apply this and other technologies in the commercial space.  In Integrated Network Solutions, our strategy, which was developed to counterbalance the anticipated slowdown in government spending, remains a work in process. In IT Services, we have a good cost structure and solid margins, but like everybody else, we're facing budgetary headwinds. We have an excellent team in place that is quickly adjusting cost to match declining volume in order to protect our earnings and are executing very, very well.  In Broadcast, we bought several companies over the years which were never fully integrated. While we continue to see good traction on the top line, our cost structure, driven by complexity, lack of productivity and growth investments, isn't where we need it to be and it’s preventing us from achieving acceptable returns. Our team is now laser-focused on developing a strategy for this business that maximizes shareholder value.  In Cyber, we know there's a large growing market for cloud computing, and we have the technology and expertise to be an important player in it, but it's becoming clear that customers, both government and commercial, currently have a preference for on-premise versus off-premise solutions. As this market evolves, it's also becoming clearer that customers don't place additional value on trust and are unwilling to move the most mission-critical applications to the cloud before less-sensitive applications are thoroughly tested and vetted in a cloud environment.  As a result, the capital-intensive facility that we've built in anticipation of rapid growth in off-prem hosting remains highly underutilized and a significant financial drag, and resolving this issue while crafting a new winning Cyber strategy is one of my top near-term priorities. In Healthcare, we expect to end the year with over $200 million in revenue from a standing start 4 years ago. We're continuing to see a lot of traction in our government business, where significant investments are being made to ring out inefficiency and improve patient outcomes through information technology, like at the Veterans’ Administration and in state health information exchanges. On the commercial side, we're seeing an expanding pipeline of opportunities for the second half, but we need to clearly articulate a differentiated strategy to win longer term in this space.  The commercial and the government markets are very, very different, and the important question for this business is whether our skills and successes in the government arena can translate into the commercial environment.  In CapRock, which you'll recall is the combination of 3 recent acquisitions totaling almost $1 billion of investment, we're seeing good market traction in each of our key verticals: government, energy and maritime. CapRock is the largest satellite bandwidth provider in the world other than the U.S. government, and will benefit from the explosive growth of bandwidth demand for applications in some of the harshest and most remote locations in the world, offshore oil platforms, undersea cabling, ocean-going vessels, among others. This business has clear potential for sales growth and margin expansion, and while we're still in the early innings of post-merger integration, I like our prospects in this space. Overall, I see opportunities to improve on post-merger integration, and I expect in the environment we face to be relentless in reducing cost and improving productivity throughout the company.  And while our cash flow is good, I see opportunities to make it even better and to encourage more scrutiny in our capital spending. Acquisitions will clearly play a role in executing on our long-term strategy, but we don't have any acquisition of consequence on the near-term horizon.  In an environment where our top line has become more difficult to predict, we'll be focused on what we already own and what we control. And finally, we'll continue to be conservative on cash deployment, with a focus on rewarding shareholders through dividends and share buyback and maintaining a healthy balance sheet. So in a nutshell, we'll stay focused strategically. We'll pay a lot more attention to cost and cash. We'll keep working on gaining share through technology innovation and satisfying customers, and we'll make decisions like owners because that's what we are.  I'm excited to be part of this great company. We have a terrific team with high ethical standards, a strong technology foundation and a solid financial position. And with that, I'd like to now ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to just get your thoughts on 2 issues. One, you mentioned Broadcast maybe open to maximizing shareholder value there. Are there any other parts of the portfolio that don't align well with kind of the strategy 3 to 5 years out? Secondly, on the cash deployment, you mentioned buybacks and dividends taking priority over M&A. What do you think the optimal leverage is in this business? I know right now you’re at net debt to cap of 48 or thereabouts. Did you want to pay down some debt before you could do that, or do you think you're comfortable with an elevated amount of leverage going forward?
William M. Brown: Gautam, thank you for the questions, and let me address the first one out of the gates. We're taking a fresh look in the environment that we're in across all of our businesses with a special focus on cash, on cost, some of the structural cost. Some of the structural cost reductions will come through some investment, which we'll know over the coming months. We'll give you some insights as we go through the quarter if there's anything that’s notable that needs to be released, or at our third quarter call later in the year. But to comment on what's in or out of the portfolio, we're taking a fresh look at all the pieces, and that includes all the business that we happen to be in today. On the side of on cash deployment, we don't have any acquisitions that are on the near-term horizon, but clearly, acquisitions will play an important role in our longer-term growth strategy. Whether it happens to be 3 to 5 years out, still remains to be seen. We're trying to figure out just what we're going to do to deliver the balance of the year and the guidance that Gary and I have given you today. In the near term, we do have some debt that we will pay down. It's mostly short-term commercial paper. And we'll be very prudent how we deploy the rest of the cash towards share buyback and dividends, and we'll have more to say about that in the coming months. I don’t know if, Gary, if you have anything you want to add to that.
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, I'll just add a couple of comments, Gautam. We're very comfortable with a debt to total capital in the mid-40s to as much as 50% range. Right now, we have every expectation that with paying down commercial paper, as Bill mentioned, we'll be back in the mid-40s by year end. And we haven't ruled out additional share buyback or increasing our dividend. We've been targeting a dividend of about a 20% payout ratio. That's yielding about a 2%, 2.8% yield currently. We're totally comfortable in that 20% to 25% payout ratio range, and so we'll be looking at that going forward as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just some questions about the guidance, that’s probably one best handled by Bill and one by Gary. Within the segment level detail, Gary, you're obviously, in the back half, implying sequential margin improvement in RF and INS and some contraction relative to the numbers you called out in Government Communications, which, I think, are business performance-related, as you called out in the release. But I wondered if you might provide a little color in what's driving the expansion both in INS and in RF. And then for Bill, as you look at the guidance, I know this is -- maybe it's too early to say with any sort of certainty, but as you look to the last 2 quarters, and you've only been here for this one, we've gone sort of 2 consecutive quarters where we've lowered the outlook for 3 segments, the top line. And I'm wondering how much of this quarter's change, given the environment, is reactionary versus sort of precautionary, given your sort of fresh look at the business over the last couple months.
William M. Brown: You want to take the first one?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, I'll go ahead and take the first one. Bill, jump in. With regards to better margins at both RF Communications and Integrated Network Solutions, part of that at RF Communications, as we talked about, is continuing to control costs, lowering manufacturing expense for the products, and we have put in place a real initiative across the company to maintain costs in the back half, which are going to benefit RF as well as Integrated Network Solutions. With regards to Government Communications Systems, they're just doing a great job of performing. The award fees are very high, and we're seeing really good results throughout that business. And then with the nonoperating income, as we talked about, picking up in the back half, that will help as well. So overall, we're very comfortable with the guidance and feel good about what we've done.
William M. Brown: On your second question, Carter, it relates to the first one as well, and that's our degree of comfort in the guidance for the year and sort of the look that we've had in the last 90 days. Revenue has tightened down a little bit, and that's because of the pace that the orders have come in. We're now at about $6 billion for the year. And Gary described where that's coming from and the sources of that. We were at $510 million to $530 million on EPS guidance for the year. We're still in that same range. Obviously, the slowdown in RF and INS does have an impact on our guidance. That was about $0.16 or so since the last time we released earnings. We have a bit of a pickup in GCS, in the Government business, about $0.05. That business is performing well. Growth has been pretty solid. We had extraordinarily good margin in the quarter, and we think it's going to be very good margins for the year. And as Gary just pointed out, we are picking up about $0.06 to $0.07 in nonoperating income in the year that was not necessarily factored in prior guidance. We also are looking at what we're doing in taking out some expenses across the company, particularly at the corporate office and headquarter expenses and eliminations. That was about $0.03. So net-net, we've seen some reduction in the RF and the INS business, but it's offset by some other components, and we think we'll deliver in the $510 million to $530 million range for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Bill, the company, I guess, at its Investor Day almost a year ago provided some long-term targets, compound annual growth rates for each segment on the top line, margins for each segment, as well as total earnings for the company. And I wondered if you would speak to your view of those long-term targets.
William M. Brown: I'm aware of the targets that were described a year ago. And frankly, Noah, in the last 90 days and certainly over the next 6 months, we're going to be focused pretty aggressively on delivering against the guidance we've given you today. We'll have more to say at the third quarter release about FY '13. We'll have an investor conference in early June. We'll talk a little bit with a little more color on FY '13, but right now, my focus is delivering FY '12 and the guidance we've given you today.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, is there anything in particular within those targets that you view as unachievable? I mean, I guess we're all particularly focused on RF, where the long-term forecast there was an upper single-digit CAGR versus now we're looking at a negative growth rate in '12. Maybe specifically, do you still see that as achievable in RF?
William M. Brown: I'd rather not comment on where we might be 2, 3 years out in any particular business. The only comment I would make is the one thing that we have seen we're describing to you today is the progress that we thought we'd make in the Cyber business is not materializing as we had first thought. But again, any commentary beyond where we are in FY '12, I think, is going to be beyond this call today.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just one other one, are there any major re-competes anywhere in the business over the next year that are worth highlighting?
William M. Brown: Why don't I turn it to Dan Pearson?
Daniel R. Pearson: No, none that we have on this horizon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis with Lazard.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: My question is with regards to Tactical sales. If we could talk a little bit about the comparison of Q2 '12 versus Q2 '11, breaking out the U.S. versus international portfolio by both revenue and order, so we can get a sense of where that subsegment sits right now, and where specifically the U.S. market is, that would be helpful.
William M. Brown: Let me first comment on where we think we'll be for the year, and then I'll let Gary offer some comments on where we ended up in Q2. For the year, we do expect, as we've indicated before, that the international business on orders on revenue will be slightly ahead of U.S. DoD on the course of the full year. We have seen international activity pick up over the last few years, and it's certainly going to be an important driver this year as U.S. DoD softens a little bit. Gary, any comments on Q2 specifically?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, not much more than what I said. Obviously, we did see that if you took out the $80 million of MRAP revenue that was in last year that we didn't benefit from this year, the business did grow, and it was basically the decline in U.S. was offset more than that with the growth in the international business. So we saw a really good growth international. We saw a little bit of a decline in the U.S. market, which was offset by international. And again, if you take out the MRAP, it was good growth overall for the Tactical Communications segment.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So the way I hear this is that it sounds like the U.S. market is still doing relatively well as we back up the MRAP sales from the year-over-year comparable.
Gary L. McArthur: I think that's fair. As we mentioned, we have lots of IDIQ contracts coming up, that we have lots of opportunities. Overall, the business is always lumpy on orders. We didn't have an outstanding second quarter. We had a very strong first quarter, and we have expectations for good third and fourth quarters in the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Was wondering if you could give us an update on your discussions about getting your ANW2 waveform into the JTRS repository, if there's any update there.
William M. Brown: We have initiated conversations with the U.S. government around granting government purpose rights for ANW2, and those conversations, those discussions are still ongoing.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And any other color you can give on what happened at the full NIE? It sounds like you were pretty happy with your performance. Any potential implications from your performance there in terms of potential new IDIQ vehicles, perhaps, down the road?
William M. Brown: What we've heard anecdotally and then through various sources that we performed very, very well in the NIEs, and we have been invited back to the April NIE and any specific stand that you want to offer on any takeaways...
Daniel R. Pearson: No. Rich, I think we're very happy with it. The summary report, last one's not out yet, so it will be all anecdotal, but we have done very, very well. And as you saw with the retiring vice-chief, he did specifically mention how that is that helped us get that 117G order. We're going to have over around 400 117Gs and 100 handhelds and a lot of high-capacity line-of-sights like the one in April. So we're really going to be expanding the network and the integration we're doing there. So we're pretty excited about how it's going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a couple. Just on the Cyber, Bill, if you guys quantify how large the loss is there, so we can kind of think about, as you eliminate that loss or reduce it significantly, what the profit opportunity might be there. And then in terms of the facility, it was a large investment. Is there opportunities for repositioning that either within Harris or outside of Harris, and just as you think about recovering that, what are the opportunities? The other question is just on the government comm margins. They were great. I think this was the highest quarter ever at 14.9%. It seems like there's some positive EFT adjustments in there that are helping. Gary, can you quantify those? And is there any commercial off-the-shelf mix starting to come into this, or is this just all fixed-price, normal government pricing?
William M. Brown: Thank you, Joe. A number of components there. Let me start with Cyber for the year. In Q1, we lost about $10 million. We were on a run rate for the year between $30 million and $40 million of losses, is the expected losses on the Cyber business. I think as you know, we've mentioned before, we’ve invested in the Harrisonburg facility just under $200 million. Of course, we're looking at all available options internally to find what we can do to best maximize the value of that asset that we have. But we've made no determination as to what we're going to do at the disposition of it at this point. And as I mentioned earlier, as we make decisions, we'll certainly communicate with investors as to what we decide to do. But about $200 million was the total investment.
Gary L. McArthur: Okay. And going to Government Systems Communications, let me just talk about the 14.9% was obviously outstanding operating margins for the quarter. Several things impacting that. Award fees, as we said, have been outstanding across the business. We have been -- if you remember, in commercial reflectors in years past, we had some big write-offs in that area. We learned from that. We are the best in the world at building some of the largest reflectors, and margins in that business, it’s a fixed-price business have been excellent, and we've seen a lot of opportunity in space reflectors in the commercial and on the government side. So that business is contributing very well. We also have our wireless products group and our high-band networking radios that are more products in natures. Those carry higher margins, and we've seen good sales for those products that are helping. And we've seen a real uptake in classified, which has always been a higher-margin business for us because of the work that we do. So all of those are benefiting the high margins that we're seeing in the Government Communications Systems business.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Were there any reversals of any of those write-offs in the reflectors business during the quarter?
Gary L. McArthur: I wouldn't call them reversals. We basically had some reserves on programs, and because of better execution, we were able to see those go away and be mitigated, but nothing in the reversal form.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: I guess first question relates about your discussion of pipeline. I believe you phrased the pipeline for both international and DoD as a 12- to 18-month pipeline. I think on prior calls it’d been referred to as a 15-month or 5-month pipeline. Is there a difference way you're looking at it, or is this just a change in terminology but it's basically the same roll-up methodology being used? And then sort of a second related question, the IDIQs that you're receiving, obviously, they're sole-sourced for your specific products, but is there any other competitive product out there that could have addressed the needs of those 2 customers?
Gary L. McArthur: Well, let me answer that. The first one with regards to your question, it's really the 12- to 18-month is no different than how we've looked at it before. 15 months was just the midpoint.
Pamela Padgett: Yes. We probably flip-flop in how we talk about it.
Gary L. McArthur: But it's no difference on that. And then with regards to your second question, just repeat it, so I make sure I got it right.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Well, the IDIQs are obviously for specific radios, which are yours, so the assumption obviously that those are sole-sourced. The question was is there a competitive product in the marketplace that could have addressed the needs of this customer?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes. Well, let me talk to the CISCHRs one because in the past, that has been competitive. We did compete with Thales on that for handhelds, which were -- our offering was the 152 and the 152A. I would expect that go forward, that would be competitive as well. We have been winning the majority of those contract awards because of the performance of our product. The 152A is the only wideband networking handheld radio in the market, so depending on how they write the specs, it could be potentially sole-sourced. But if they write it in a general way, we would be competing against Thales on that. The U.S. Special Forces, I know that we are probably the only product out there. But I wouldn't say that there isn't other competition because the DoD is always trying to promote competition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I had a question concerning last week's sort of preview on the FY '13 budget. One of the issues I think for the tactical radio business is the expectation that they're going to reduce land forces by about 100,000 troops or 13%, which obviously means less demand for radios. On the other hand, the document sort of obliquely talks about increasing investments in communications. So was just looking for your thoughts on whether that's a push in terms of those 2 offsetting, or do you think it’s some near-term weakness with longer-term upside or how you think that might play out.
William M. Brown: I mean, I would say the guidance that we've given you today through the balance of FY '12 is consistent with whatever we've heard and seen at both the FY '12 and some previews on the FY '13 budget as well. And there are some things that we've seen in the FY '13 look that work in our favor. The emphasis on Special Forces happens to be one, and we do know there's some things that might give us a little bit of pressure, and that's the declining troop, 100,000 both in the Army and the Navy. But beyond FY '12 and our guidance for today, we're still trying to sort through, waiting to see specific line item detail coming out of the budgets.
Daniel R. Pearson: And Chris, it's Dan. I think from that perspective, again, if you look at the obliqueness, as you mentioned, the mobility of the force, not just the structure and the number but the mobility aspect of it, it's going to play to our advantages on wideband networking. So my view of that is kind of a push right now until we get more specifics and see how it's going to play out when the President comes out with it.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And Dan, you had mentioned there's no big rebids, but what are beyond the FAA data comm, which I think is June?
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, it's not a re-compete. That's a new one and then…
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, yes, I was going to say besides that, what are the other new opportunities you'll be looking at in the next 12 months?
Daniel R. Pearson: Well, the big ones in GCSD will be data comm, which has been bid, and we're doing the -- also the proposal now for next generation voice switch. So FAA is very big right now. There's some interesting classified work going on, but those are really the biggest one. The FAA is, again, that recap for NexGen and some classified things. But other than that and key funded on GOES-R and things, I don't think there's what I call the big critical pursuit in GCSD. CISCHRs for Dana is -- the IDIQs will big for him, and as you know, we've got some very good international opportunities continuing to play out. Those are really the big ones.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Harris with CL King.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I was interested in the announcement recently that you set up a final assembly facility for Tactical Communications in Brazil. I believe a number of years ago, you had one in the U.K. Are there plans, perhaps, to put additional facilities in other locations? And I assume this would help your international sales process. Could it also help reduce the cost of manufacturing?
William M. Brown: Well, we haven't made any decisions to set up any other manufacturing facilities outside of what's been announced to date. As you know, we've made large investment in Rochester to upgrade our facilities to move from 3 factories into 1, which I've seen. It’s truly a world-class, state-of-the-art facility that we're very, very proud of. And outside of this newest line in Brazil, we don't have any other plans to establish anything beyond that.
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, Larry, this is Dan. We would only -- we do that when the national funds require us to go do that. It is obvious that we would like to be an exporter from Jefferson Road. But at the same time, large countries and large opportunities, national programs, they require that. So we'll look at them case by case. None more on the horizon that we see right now.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Josh Sullivan from Sterne Agee.
Josh W. Sullivan - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I think you'd mentioned that the Tactical backlog would benefit from an international order this quarter. But what about the Public Safety side of the business? How's that market and backlog maturing just both domestically and internationally?
Gary L. McArthur: This is Gary responding. Most of the backlog opportunity is in North America. Internationally, it's specific to countries that have the Apco P25 standard that we have opportunities in. And in North America, we're seeing a very strong backlog. I'm not going to get into specifics, but we said it's about $3 billion. That's pretty consistent with where we were last time I think we talked. And there are some opportunities that are pretty near in that we expect some announcements on. But overall, the backlog is good. As we talked about, our growth of 14% in the quarter was outstanding, and the business is, today, very, very competitive with our largest incumbent, and we feel very good about the opportunities ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I wanted a couple of clarification points. One, when you mentioned the $80 million of MRAP in the prior-year period, does that compare to 0 this quarter, or is there any recurring kind of spares or logistics tail to that?
William M. Brown: It was effectively 0 this quarter, $80 million a year ago.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. The Australian order and just maybe more generally on international RF business, can you comment on kind of directionally the margins, how they compare with the U.S. DoD business?
Gary L. McArthur: I'll take that one. This is Gary. Gautam, the margins have been pretty consistent. Obviously, when you take into consideration, there's a commission as well, but when you put the commission in with the higher margins that we typically get for international, they're not that much different than what we have received in the U.S. marketplace.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then to follow up on Joe's question about the government comm margins, could you maybe quantify what the award fees added? What the margins may have been ex the award fees, ex the usual award fees?
Gary L. McArthur: I'd probably have to get back to you on that, Gautam. I don't have that exact dollar amount in front of me, but we could sure get you the detail and get it to you if you need it over -- in a call.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I guess maybe you can comment now just directionally, where do you think margins over time move in that segment?
Gary L. McArthur: Well, we've given guidance for this year that they'll be around 14%. I think in talking to the team and the nature of our business being the cost-plus, fixed-price kind of 50-ish percent in each of those, we still think 13.5% is a very good margin for the business. Depending on the product mix, if we're selling more of the high-bandwidth network radios, the WPG products, we get other reflector business, maybe it's a little better than that. But I think overall, you should consider this business in that 13.5% kind of range. 13.5%, 14% is very good performance
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on RF, I thought I remembered the expedited MRAP orders of a year ago sort of limiting the capacity that you had to ship international. And I wondered, this uptick we see this quarter on a kind of year-over-year basis for international, if there's any sort of element of a catch-up associated with that, that we should be considering as we build our models for next year? Or is this a base level of business that sort of we can build upon?
Daniel R. Pearson: Yes, Carter, this is Dan. No, I don't think there'll be any issues with that. The factory is up and fully running. And some of these programs are not "expedited" in the sense they'll be on a more delivery schedule. So I don't think we have any issues with that.
Pamela Padgett: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary L. McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Howard L. Lance - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael K. French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC, Research Division Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Harris Corp. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to introduce Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our call. We're very sorry about the delay. It seems like our conference call company had a little bit of a technical difficulty. So on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and the discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables in our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website.  And with that, Howard, I'll turn it over to you.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you, Pam. I want to welcome all of you to our First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Call. Before I turn to the quarter's results, earlier this month, the Harris Board of Directors announced the appointment of William M. Brown as President and CEO to become effective on November 1. Bill joins Harris from United Technologies Corporation, where he most recently served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development. Previously, he served for 5 years as President of UTC's Fire & Security business, which has revenues of $6.5 billion and 45,000 employees. Bill has a proven track record of  driving growth, building and motivating teams and delivering financial results. I'm confident that his P&L management experience, his operating and commercial skills and strategic acumen will allow him to be very successful as he comes forward to lead Harris.  Moving now to first quarter results in Slides 3 and 4 in our presentation. We began fiscal 2012 with a number of important new wins and strong orders so we're off to a good start. Orders increased 23% compared to the prior year. They exceeded revenue, and that drove a book-to-bill for the total company of greater than 1 during the first quarter. Consolidated revenue was $1.46 billion. That increased 4% over the prior year. If we exclude the impact of acquisitions, then revenue declined about 2%. Expedited tactical radio shipments in the prior year of $235 million created a difficult year-over-year comparison to both revenue and income. And you'll remember these were for the expedited MRAP vehicle program. This was expected, the year-over-year change, and included in our prior guidance.  Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.06 in the first quarter. Also during the first quarter, we repurchased $400 million in outstanding shares, reducing the share count by 8.6% and achieving our targeted share reduction that we had previously discussed of 8% to 9% for the fiscal year.  Moving now to the segment results, first on Slide 5. First quarter revenue for RF Communications was $497 million, comprised $373 million from Tactical Communications and $124 million from Public Safety and Professional Communications. Again the year-over-year revenue decline in RF Communications was as a result of the $235 million of expedited tactical radio shipments in the prior year quarter.  The worst of these year-over-year quarterly comparisons is now behind us, and our baseline for future growth is essentially reset. All that remains of the $1 billion in expedited MRAP shipments that occurred over 5 quarters is the last $80 million that shipped in the second quarter of fiscal 2011.  We believe the underlying performance in the quarter was strong, with segment revenue of $497 million. Excluding deliveries with the MRAP program shipments, U.S. DoD revenue and Tactical Communications increased significantly year-over-year, driven by continuing Falcon III adoption, supporting the DoD vision to deploy wideband networking to replace outdated voice-centric and line-of-sight tactical communications. International revenue growth was also strong in the quarter, increasing significantly over the prior year, driven by major deliveries to Australia, Kenya and other countries in North Africa and Central Asia. Revenue from Public Safety and Professional Communications was $124 million in the first quarter, and that was a 3% increase over the prior year. Significant new wins, including the province of Alberta in Canada, Oregon's, Department of Transportation, Floyd County, Georgia and Linn County, Iowa, which were all announced in the back half of fiscal 2011, are contributing to the seals ramp up and allowing us to maintain a healthy backlog in this business. For the segment, operating income in the first quarter was lower as expected, at $154 million compared with $229 million in the prior year.  Operating margin was 31% in the quarter and is expected to improve over fiscal year '12 as a result of more favorable product mix, continuing cost containment activities and lower manufacturing costs. Lean manufacturing improvements implemented as part of our facilities consolidation in Rochester, New York are expected to drive productivity improvements for the year in excess of 5%, and production cycle time reductions are expected at 10% to 20% across each of our product lines.  News on the orders front was very positive. Segment orders were $514 million in the quarter, with Tactical Communications orders of $398 million and Public Safety and Professional Communications orders of $116 billion (sic) [million]. That means that book-to-bill for the segment and for Tactical Communications were both greater than 1. And we're exiting first quarter with $800 million tactical radio backlog, and we believe that's very encouraging. New orders were especially strong in the U.S. market. Perhaps our most meaningful win in the quarter was a $66 million order from the U.S. Army as part of their Brigade Combat Modernization program, allowing them to outfit the first 8 brigade combat teams with their initial wideband networking capability. This is also known throughout the Army as Capability Set 13. This is not the full extent to which wideband will ultimately be implemented for each of the brigade combat teams, but it marks the beginning of the Army's modernization efforts. We consider the Falcon III 117G order a milestone event in our effort to become the preferred wideband tactical communications provider to the U.S. Army. A leadership position we've already achieved with the U.S. Marine Corps, Air Force and Special Operations Command, all of whom are already standardizing in the Falcon III family oftactical radios.  Our success at this summer's Army NIE event, and NIE is short in Network Integration Evaluation, led in a large part to the award that we received. The NIE evaluations are a critical element on how the Army's network acquisition strategy is evolving. These are expected to be semi-annual evaluations. They're designed to assess and qualify the Army's tactical networking capabilities and to promote enhanced competition among programs of record and viable commercial solutions.  Our radios clearly demonstrated the advanced capabilities of wideband networking in a challenging and real world formal evaluation environment, receiving high marks in both their reliability and their ease-of-use. At the same time, the NIE pointed out significant deficiencies and challenges yet to be overcome by our competitors as they struggle to deliver the basic program-of-record radios. The successful porting of the JTRS soldier radio waveform into the Falcon III, feedback from actual users, side-by-side comparisons and the fact that our Falcon III radios provide capabilities beyond what the program-of-record had promised, are all creating strong advocacy for our products. Also leading to this significant win with the Army has been our excellent performance in real battlefield situations in Afghanistan, where we've already outfitted 9 brigade combat teams with Falcon III radios in support of the Army's previous capability sets. Our success in the field, along with our performance at the NIE, are helping create a new model for Army radio acquisition. The latest $66 million order validates our leading position and our ability to win. TheDoD is clearly moving away from programs of record models and embracing Falcon III and the Enterprise Business Model as the new way forward in acquisition.  Now a recurring question has been whether or not the DoD will continue to have an appetite to invest in tactical communications modernization during the tough government budget environment going forward. Without a war and without OCO funding, we believe the answer is, yes, and that their commitment to modernization remains strong. Just 2 weeks ago in an interview with Defense News, recently appointed U.S. Army Chief of Staff Ray Odierno commented on modernization strategy in the face of budget cuts and priorities. He said, and I quote, "Networks is one of the most important things we do. Our ability to network and provide information from the highest level down to our soldiers is one of the things we're really working on. And the reason we are excited about this is we now have companies that have developed their own capabilities and are coming down to Fort Bliss to work these new technologies. We think there's a real potential here to lower the cost and to move us forward very quickly. We don't want to walk away from that. We have to continue to invest in that."  Clearly, our customers are pleased with our progress. During the first quarter, we continued to achieve several significant product milestones, creating new capabilities and features in the Falcon III family, and we'll demonstrate these at the fall of 2011 NIE exercises that are scheduled. We received NSA certification for the SRW waveform in our Falcon III 117G wideband networking radio. Shipment of this product have already begun, making Harris the first to market with an NSA certified radio incorporating the JTRS soldier radio waveform.  We also received NSA certification for and began shipping the Falcon III AN/PRC 152A handheld radio, also with wideband networking capability using the Harris ANW2 waveform. 152A is the only Type-1-certified wideband handheld radio on the market. Other major U.S. orders for Falcon III wideband networking radios included $29 million for the U.S. Air Force; $20 million to equip MRAP vehicles for the U.S. Army and the U.S. Marine Corps; and orders of $16 million and $15 million, respectively, from the DoD. We closed the quarter with a healthy opportunity pipeline in the U.S. market of $1.1 billion. Large opportunities continue to exist for Falcon III radios as the Army, Marine Corps and Air Force continue to upgrade their tactical networks. Also, the U.S. pipeline includes opportunities, which would be procured through IDIQ contracts that we expect to be awarded from the Navy and the Special Operations Command.  International tactical communications orders in the quarter demonstrate that demand for wideband networking capabilities is also increasing and spreading around the globe. Significant wins in the quarter included 2 orders totaling $52 million from a country in Southeast Asia for integrated command control and communications systems is in Falcon III and Falcon II tactical radios; a $38 million IDIQ win with an $8 million initial delivery order to supply military communications and field support services to international partners in the Caribbean and South America; and orders from Poland, Republic of Georgia and Kuwait.  Visibility in the international market has also improved. This is a key point. Last quarter, we talked about the political instability in North Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia and how that has impacted international orders. We're feeling much more optimistic about these areas as the political environment has improved and the opportunities have firmed up. The international opportunity pipeline is $2.4 billion and is highlighted by significant opportunities with the Iraq Ministry of Interior and Ministry of Defense, the Australian Ministry of Defense, the United Arab Emirates and a number of other nations in Africa, Central Asia and Southeast Asia. Orders in Public Safety and Professional Communications were $116 million in the quarter, only slightly below revenue of $124 million, and we think still at very solid orders quarter in what continues to be weak state and local spending environment. Backlog continues to be large, and our pipeline of opportunities remains robust at $3 billion. PSPC orders in the quarter included $16 million from one of the nation's largest electric utilities to provide advanced OpenSky data and voice communication systems; $7 million for a p25 LMR communication system and related radios for Beard County, Texas; and $4 million from Mobile County, Alabama for a P25 system.  Moving on next to Slide 6. Integrated Network Solutions segment revenue in the first quarter increased 26% to $554 million, primarily as a result of the contribution from acquisitions. Organic revenue growth was 5% in the quarter, and revenue increased in each of the business areas included in INS. Segment non-GAAP operating income was $19 million compared with $29 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease resulted from a combined loss of $16 million in the new cyber and commercial healthcare initiatives, partially offset by year-over-year operating income increases at Harris CapRock Communications and Broadcast Communications. Across this segment, we're winning prime positions on a number of U.S. government IDIQ contracts, giving us better access to multiple agencies and the ability to sell a broader solutions offering. In the Harris IT Services, we received a 5-year, $25 million contract from the Air Force Space Command and Missile Systems Center under the Alliant IDIQ contract, to sustain the ground system for the Defense Meteorological Satellites Program. Also at IT Services, following the close of the quarter, we acquired an Encore II IDIQ contract from another company, securing a prime position to serve DISA, the Defense Information Systems Agency. Encore II is a broad procurement contract vehicle, enabling companies to provide network-centric IT solutions for command and control, intelligence and mission support. Also following the close of the quarter, IT services was awarded a prime position on the connections to GSA contract. This is similar to the FTI program for the FAA. A contract vehicle is used to procure broad telecommunications and network solutions.  At CapRock Communications, we were very encouraged by the leading indicators for increased demand in the energy market that we saw during the quarter. We experienced an increase in the request for proposals from customers anticipating more rigs being put into service. And on existing contracts, there was definitely an uptick in short-term, add-on communication services.  During the quarter, Harris was also awarded a 5-year $9 million contract from Farstad Shipping to provide managed satellite communications to their fleet of 53 offshore drilling ships and exploration vessels, and these operate in the North Sea, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific and off the coast of Brazil and Australia. In the government market, we received several awards totaling $52 million under the DSTS-G and FCSA IDIQ contracts. Where we'll provide managed satellite communications for DoD and national intelligence customers. Our integration efforts have resulted at Harris CapRock in consolidating 5 commercial network operation centers down to 2: 1 in Aberdeen, Scotland, 1 in Houston, Texas. We're also reducing costs by consolidating our teleport footprint and also bundling our satellite bandwidth purchases, all aimed at driving lower costs. All 3 of our vertical markets: energy, maritime and government, have significant overlap in their harsh and remote geographic coverage requirements. As a result, we've been able to establish new satellite capacity requirements under long-term contracts and repurpose this capacity as customers change their demand over time.  In Broadcast Communications, we continue to see revenue growth in international regions: the South America, Middle East and Asia. Orders during the quarter, included $3 million from TV Azteca for the first live 3D transmissions throughout Mexico. Harris also received a $3 million order from Svyaz Engineering, our Russian manufacturing partner, where we'll begin local production of digital television transmitters. Russia is only in the initial stages of their transition from analog to digital. This will ultimately include the replacement of 22,000 transmitters across the country. This will take place over the next several years, and we believe as Harris is well positioned to participate significantly in this revenue opportunity.  During the quarter, our Broadcast Communications team participated in IBC 2011 in Amsterdam, the industry's largest tradeshow. There were more than 50,000 attendees, making it the biggest show ever, and this is another encouraging sign for international market growth opportunities in Broadcast.  A final comment on Broadcast. We recently learned that one of our contract manufacturers located in Thailand has been impacted by the recent flooding. It's really too soon for us to understand the extent of the impact and what impact it might have on the second quarter results in broadcast. We're working feverishly to mitigate any impact. All of our finished goods have been moved out of Thailand, and our suppliers in the process of moving production and starting it at an alternate location.  Moving on, Harris Healthcare Solutions achieved a number of new government wins in the quarter. The National Cancer Institute awarded Harris a 5-year, $37 million contract under their CIO-SP2 IDIQ contract vehicle for comprehensive data management. Under this contract, Harris will continue to provide the expertise that has enabled the National Cancer Institute to enhance their research databases and systems used for clinical trials. Harris was also awarded a 5-year, $55 million contract under the recently won $199 million blanket purchase agreement from the Department of Veterans Affairs for a healthcare IT program called EVEAH, Enhance the Veterans Experience and Access to HealthCare. In this program, we will integrate and deploy a Surgical Quality and Workflow Manager tool, and we'll integrate a COTS solution to reduce surgery wait times and cancellations, increase patient throughput and improve the overall surgical experience for veterans and their families. The solution represents the first time EVEAH has used the COTS solution for an enterprise-wide clinical information system. It will operate in all 130 of EVEAH hospitals who perform surgery and support over 400,000 cases per year.  Four major academic medical centers went live this quarter with our Physician Insight Plus program, which is part of the Carefx performance management dashboard suite that's been developed in collaboration with the Cleveland Clinic. Dashboards are critical to the interoperability of healthcare IT systems. It connects dual-pipe [ph] databases, organize the information and apply analytics that help improve clinical and operational performance.  Also during the quarter, Healthcare Solutions was awarded a $10 million contract from Kaiser-Permanente to develop and support a health information exchange, providing interoperability between their legacy systems. As the largest commercial provider of veteran healthcare. Kaiser Permanente, a $43 billion health enterprise with over 35 medical centers and 400 medical offices serving 9 million healthcare plan members. This contract has the potential to reach $20 million and was a major win for this business in the quarter. Bottom line is we're continuing to integrate our recent acquisitions. We're winning prime positions on IDIQ contracts, maturing new initiative with major partners in our INS segment in order to drive growth and improve profitability going forward.  Let me now move on to Slide 7. Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment was $444 million in the first quarter, 5% higher than the prior year. Underlying growth when we exclude the FDCA revenue for the Census Bureau -- that program finished in the prior year, our underlying growth was up 9%. We think this is outstanding performance given the tough U.S. Government spending environment. Especially positive in the quarter was a strong revenue growth in our classified programs business. Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, wins in classified programs area began increasing, and we continue to experience this pickup in the first quarter, where we won 5 large contracts totaling $125 million. Revenue growth in the quarter was also driven by the ramp up of a couple of large existing programs, including the GOES-R program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the MET program for the U.S. Army, which provides satellite ground terminals that make up their worldwide backbone for high-priority, military communications.  In the quarter, Harris was awarded the next 5-year, $51 million delivery order for MET to provide additional fixed and transportable X and Ka-band terminals, equipment racks, spares and operator training. This brings our total orders under the MET program to date to more than $200 million of the potential $600 million contract award value.  Revenue growth in the quarter also came from higher shipments of Highband Networking Radios, commercial satellite reflectors, wireless products and geospatial products. Partially offsetting this growth, as I mentioned, was a decline in revenue from the completion of the Cisco [ph] program for the 2010 U.S. Census and the completion to build-out [ph] of the FTI microwave network, the FAA.  Staying with FAA, Harris received a new program award from them in the quarter, a 10-year contract with a potential value of $85 million with the Alaska Satellite Telecommunications Infrastructure program. Under this new program, Harris will replace and upgrade the existing satellite communications network that links the Alaska Air Route Traffic Control Center in Anchorage with 64 other FAA facilities throughout the region. This demonstrates our continued strong relationship with the FAA, and we believe will benefit Harris as the large next-gen programs begin to be awarded over the next several years.  Segment operating income and government communications in the first quarter was $63 million, and operating margin was very strong at 14.2%. Strong execution across the segment, along with a favorable mix from our product-focused areas, continue to drive our above-industry average margins.  With that, let me now ask Harris' CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on our financial results in the quarter.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Howard. As highlighted on Slide 4 and already mentioned by Howard, we repurchased $400 million in shares, reducing shares outstanding by $10.6 million or 8.6%. As of quarter end, we have $600 million remaining authorization under our share repurchase program.  Turning to Slides 8 and 9. We ended the quarter with cash on hand of $305 million. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $79 million in the quarter as compared to $295 million in the prior year. All 3 segments generated positive operating cash flow. Operating cash flow was weaker mainly as a result of lower operating income and collections primarily at RF Communications, wherein in the prior year, expedited shipments and collections on tactical radios for MRAP vehicles benefited income and cash flow, and in the first quarter of this year, the transition to the new factory, delayed shipments and ultimately collections. Our expectations for the corporation are that cash flow from operations will increase steadily over the next 3 quarters as operating income increases, and days sales outstanding declined from 56 days as of the end of the first quarter to the more typical low 50s. Though we are maintaining our guidance for operating cash flow at $825 million to $875 million. As a result of our slower-than-expected start to the year, we will continue to monitor this closely.  Depreciation and amortization was $63 million as compared to $47 million in the prior year. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2012 are unchanged at $280 million to $290 million. Capital expenditures were $82 million as compared to $41 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2011. Our current guidance for fiscal year 2012 CapEx is unchanged to between $265 million and $285 million. Our effective non-GAAP tax rate in the first quarter was 31%. Our outlook for the full year tax rate remains at 33%, again noting, however, that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events. And finally during the quarter, we renewed our 364-day revolving credit facility at a level of $250 million, which combined with our primary revolver, provides us with $1 billion of short-term debt capacity.  With that, I'll turn it back to Howard.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks, Gary. On Slide 10, we're maintaining our previous financial guidance for fiscal 2012 both in total and for each segment. Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2012 is expected to be 4% to 6% higher than the prior year, with revenue coming in between $6.15 billion and $6.3 billion.  Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition-related cost is expected to be in the range from $5.10 to $5.30 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8%. Adjusted EBITDA for the year is expected to be in the range of $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion, a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8%. For the RF Communications segment fiscal 2012 revenue is expected to be 3% to 6% lower than fiscal 2011. This includes a 10% decline in Tactical Communications revenue, along with double-digit growth in Public Safety and Professional Communications business area.  Segment operating margin is still expected to be 33% to 34%. For the Integrated Network Solutions segment, we expect revenue in the range 16% to 18% higher than fiscal 2011, with organic growth in the range of 7% to 9%. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is expected to be between 5.5% and 6.5%.  And finally, for the Government Communication Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2012 to be 2% to 4% higher than fiscal 2011, and segment operating margins of about 13.5%.  Let me close my final earnings call as Harris President and CEO by saying it's been a real privilege for me to serve this great company and our shareholders. I continue to believe in the future growth prospects for Harris. The company is well positioned to outperform in our core U.S. government and defense businesses, while benefiting from a growing number of growth platforms, including international tactical communications, public safety, broadcast, satellite communication services, healthcare information systems and cyber-integrated solutions. I believe Bill Brown will do a great job taking over from me in the leadership role, and I want to wish him and the entire Harris team my very best.  At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My first question is, I'm wondering what you think the post-GMR Army wideband radio procurement structure will look like? Do we continue to see these steady smaller contract awards? Or at some point, do we get some larger onetime award that covers a lot of what the Army wants to do over a longer period of time? Any insights you have into how this is likely to play out.
Howard L. Lance: Well, I wish I could be specific, but we really don't know. I'm expecting both. In the short run, I think we will continue to see smaller orders released. But I do think at some point to fully fill out capability set 13 across all the brigade combat teams. 42, I think, is the total number we talked about previously. And at a level of penetration of wideband networking, which would be more than this initial tranche, that they'll probably create some sort of a large IDIQ contract vehicle to accomplish that. But certainly, I don't have any specifics on the timing of that any more than we did last quarter. We're very pleased obviously with this first award. Our performance in the NIE, our performance in the field, the advancements we continue to make in the technology that are further distancing our performance in the radios from the programs of record, ultimately, have made this an easy decision, I think, for the Army and one obviously we're pleased with.
Noah Poponak - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. One other question related to that. We've seen the Army discuss your ANW2 waveform technology as sort of critical to the process. But it looks like they've been saying that they're going to try to bring that in to their own repository, as they put it, and make it available to others who are also competing. Can you talk about whether or not that's true? And if it is, if you would -- if you're selling the technology and would -- and gain a royalty on other contractor wins or just what might happen there?
Howard L. Lance: It's my understanding that your statement about what they want is correct. We have definitely expressed a willingness to provide the ANW2 waveform to the library, but we have not negotiated the terms for providing that waveform at the current time. We're certainly not going to give it away. We're going to make it available as part of returning appropriate value for the investments that we've made. I don't know what form that will take, whether it would be a royalty or onetime payment or some of each. At this point, those negotiations are ongoing, and there's nothing to report of a final nature.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: The buyback, you stated that you completed what I assume is basically baked into your -- into the estimates and guidance for the year. You have $600 million left. Does that mean that any incremental purchases from here would be additive to expected profitability? And secondly, should we be looking at approximately 115 million shares as your share base for Q2?
Howard L. Lance: On your second question, I'll have to ask Pam to tell me if 115 million is a reasonable number for the share count. I don't recall. Offhand, she'll look that up. As it relates to our strategy, we committed to repurchase 8% to 9% of the shares. We said when we announced the share buyback program that we thought that would be about $500 million. Given the lower level of share price, we were able to get that accomplished with $400 million, which means we have additional money that we could spend to buy back shares, and it would be incremental to our EPS guidance. The question becomes whether or not we do that. That decision has not been made. As Gary said, our cash flow in the first quarter was lower than expected. We're going to monitor this and make that decision at some future date going forward. We're also going to continue to manage our debt-to-total-capital ratio from a ratings standpoint. You'll recall, the ratings agencies reaffirmed our debt ratings when we announced the share buyback and our plans. And at this point, we don't have any plans to do anything that would change that. So that's kind of the color around what we have done. We're certainly continuing to look at it. Pam?
Pamela Padgett: We stand at 113 million. We always have a little bit of dilution but I'm sure we'll probably offset that with the purchases. And then the rest of it will go to earnings.
Howard L. Lance: Does that answer your question, Mark?
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Yes, it did.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Let me just reiterate, Howard, our congratulations. It's certainly -- this company has seen a lot of earnings growth over the years under your watch, and we just want to wish you the best in your future endeavors. Hopefully, you could see an equal of rounds of golf played as EPS. That probably would be a success.
Pamela Padgett: A lot of golf.
Howard L. Lance: Well, I'll work on that. Obviously, as a shareholder, I'm also very interested in the company's success going forward. And I'm very sincere when I say, I think the Board made an excellent choice in Bill Brown, and that there will be a very smooth transition here.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wonderful. Just a couple of quick ones. First, sort of a bigger picture, just question on INS. Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces here, whether it's in commercial healthcare or whether it's in cyber, where you're losing money and hopefully hope to turn that around here relatively soon. And there's obviously some restructuring on the cost front. It really seems like 2012 is a real rebuilding year. Is this -- is it your view that you'll get through most of those activities and we can see the money-losing businesses moving to profitability in '13 and the restructuring largely being behind you in '13? Or is this going to be a process that drags on further than that based on what you're seeing today?
Howard L. Lance: I would say, yes, that's our current view. Whether that remains the case going forward, I don't know. But right now, we expect to see improvement as the year goes on. And we are not expecting to take that negative 60 to a positive number next quarter, but we are expecting progress in the commercial healthcare business we bought, as well as the cyber business that we have started from scratch. So I think that's a reasonable expectation, that the drag from those gets eliminated in '12, and that they are breakeven or above in '13. The other thing just to remind you of is there's a significant amount of amortization intangibles and depreciation of the assets invested in cyber that are really dragging down and creating a much bigger gap between operating income growth and EBITDA growth year-over-year. On a cash basis, these businesses are doing much better than on a fully amortized and depreciated basis. Having said that, we understand that that's the way we're reporting numbers. That's what you should focus on. I think you got it about right, by '13, these 2 contribute. We continue to see improvement from the Harris CapRock acquisition and their growth and in broadcast and continue to feel very positive about the INS segment as a major driver of revenue growth and margin expansion in '13 and '14 to help us get up to the higher levels of EPS that we're striving for.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the RF business, I was wondering if you could break out domestic versus international bookings for the quarter and for the year and what your book-to-bill expectations are for the year. And then just a quick one for Gary. Where are the receivables? Or where did they build in Q1, which part of the business, which products, et cetera?
Howard L. Lance: Well, as it relates to the orders, for the year, we still expect that international orders will be slightly greater than U.S. orders, and that international revenue will be slightly higher than U.S. revenue. I'm not going to comment on any specific book-to-bill forecast. We're off to a very good start. We're over 1:1. And obviously, our goal is to keep that going. Gary, do you want to comment on receivables question?
Gary L. McArthur: Yes, Joe, the receivables increased primarily at RF. Their days sales outstanding increased by about 7 days. That was really as a result of the impact of the factory coming online in July, with most of the build and shipments taking place in August and September and then not having time to collect that in the quarter. So we don't see this as a long-term issue. We see this as a timing issue, and we should get back to more normal days sales outstanding at RF and in the company going forward.
Howard L. Lance: We'll collect those dollars, Joe, in the second quarter instead of the first quarter. That's essentially the point.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. I mean, they were late billings as opposed to international customers that aren't paying?
Howard L. Lance: Yes.
Pamela Padgett: Yes.
Gary L. McArthur: Correct.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, absolutely. Normally, you'd have the full 3 months to be building, and we really didn't build anything, ship anything in July because that's the month that we moved everything and started the factory up. We were up and running by the time we had our call. I think it was August 1, August 2. But we really didn't ship anything in July. So we shipped it all in August and a lot of it in September, and those bills weren't due yet. So this is not a question of quality of receivables at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lewis with Lazard Capital Markets.
Michael S. Lewis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: If I could just circle back to the cyber operation, qualitatively, what type of -- are we seeing more clients starting to participate in the operation? And are you getting more traction from the government customer?
Howard L. Lance: I think the answer is yes. Across both government and commercial customers, we're getting a lot of traction. But as we've discussed before, the traction is around pilots and the kind of demonstration programs rather than the scale at which we had hoped we'd be able to get people to convert to cloud computing and hosting services. But we are seeing that the pilot activity continue to pick up, and it's across both government and commercial clients.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pete Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, I was just wondering if we can get more clarity on the 8 BCT manpack order, the $66 million order. Is it your understanding that, that basically fills out completely the 8 BCTs for now, and then we'll have to sort of wait for that future competition before we see further BCT-related orders or penetration there?
Howard L. Lance: I view it as initial order against the 8 BCTs. It certainly does not fill them out at a level of penetration of wideband networking for either manpack, vehicular or handheld that they ultimately will want.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you expect to see more orders before the kind of the follow-on formal competition?
Howard L. Lance: I don't know that we can be specific on the timing, but I expect more orders, absolutely.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the recent notice on the $20 million order for the 117Gs for MRAPs. It seemed like you guys kind of called attention to that as well in terms of -- I'm not sure if most of the MRAPs had Falcon IIs, and now we're beginning maybe a Falcon III migration into the MRAPs. But do you guys see it that way as sort of a tech refresh opportunity for you?
Howard L. Lance: Yes, the answer is, most of the MRAP vehicles that were deployed out of that $1 billion in orders were using Falcon II technology, because the contract vehicles were not in place to allow them to use Falcon IIIs. It sounds counterintuitive. Why wouldn't you put the new radios in? Because you're going to have to replace them. But we will have a significant opportunity to upgrade all those vehicles as they need wideband capability.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Circling back on the JTRS opportunity. I think one of the other requirements for whatever is going to replace the GMR is that it'd be a 2-channel radio. And at this time, Falcon III platform is a 1-channel radio, though I know you've talked about an appliqué that would take it to 2-channel. Can you talk to us about what your thoughts on whether they actually want or will need a 2-channel radio, and how long it would take you to position your product for that opportunity?
Howard L. Lance: Best of my knowledge, they still want a 2-channel radio. We are clearly working on turning the Falcon III 117G into a 2-channel version to accomplish that. I don't think you should view it as an appliqué, but rather a full radio system that would have 2 channels. So that's the best of my understanding. But I think what's important to keep in mind is that this is a fluid situation in terms of requirements. The good news, Chris, is that we have been able to shape the requirements and actually enhance them because we have features in our radio beyond the program of record. So I don't think that requirement is necessarily cast in stone at this point. But my latest understanding is, it still is a 2-channel request.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then sort of a follow-on to that. You have integrated wideband networking waveform into the 152, I believe?
Howard L. Lance: We have integrated our ANW2, and we, as we said last time, we're working on also integrating SRW in. And we expect to have that in, in time for this fall, in the fall NIE evaluation.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So SRW, I thought you had that certified on at least 1 platform?
Howard L. Lance: Yes, SRW has been certified by the NSA on the 117G.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so the question is, to get the WNW certified, is that something that you would anticipate a long lead time? Or can that be done on relatively short order?
Pamela Padgett: [indiscernible].
Howard L. Lance: Yes, I think the real key to Pam's point is the -- WNW is not ready for primetime, and that was clear in the summer NIE evaluations. So -- how long does it take once it is in the library and ready? I don't know. I wouldn't be too precise. A lot of it has to do with NSA testing and requirements. I'm going to throw out, it's a year probably process, but there's not much we can do until it's really finished. And that to the earlier question, that's why they're very interested in the ANW2 waveform, which performed, I think, up to 30-node network at -- in Fort Bliss and in the testing, which they were very, very pleased at. That's many more nodes than the SRW can do and much wider, larger bandwidth, wider pipes.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the ANW2 is battlefield proven, but does it need to get NSA-certified in order to get into the repository?
Howard L. Lance: Well, it's already NSA-certified in now both of our products, the 117G manpack vehicular, as well as the 152A. So it has to get in to the repository when we choose to give government purpose rights to it. So it's really up to us and the government to negotiate something. We're not opposed to doing it, but we've invested a lot of money from our shareholders to get here. And we certainly expect to return on that investment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Harris with CL King.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Question about the Public Safety business. The other day, you announced alliance with AT&T on the LTE front. And, of course, Motorola Solutions is working with Verizon. And are you still working with Nokia Siemens in terms of their base stations? And what do you think is the timing for the deployment of LTE within the public safety arena?
Howard L. Lance: Yes, we're still working with Nokia Siemens. I think this process is going to be what I'll describe as long term and not necessarily linear. I think it's going to be lumpy. A lot of it has to do with funding. Everybody wants to have the ability to pass data over an LTE network that is robust and private and secure. It's a lot more efficient than -- and lower cost than what they do today where they're basically using cards in laptops over these public networks, commercial networks. The issue is all about funding. The FCC and Congress are trying to move forward on this national broadband plan. $5 billion continues to be talked about. But it's just not something that is apparent is going to be available in the budget for a couple of years. So I think up until this time, you're going to see trial systems out and essentially proving out the technology. I'm very pleased with our progress. I think LTE, as a technology, is going to be ultimately pervasive in both the public safety, as well as in the DoD market. And ultimately, our advantage, I think, in being in both of these, both tactical radios, as well as public safety radios is we're going to be able to develop integrated networks between tactical and LTE and public safety and LTE, so that from our customers perspective, the network traffic and how it's all being managed, is just going to all happen behind the curtain. They're not going to care, but it's going to seamlessly be able to move traffic over those networks, but still give them the secure, private, control of the networks that they need. So I'm still very bullish on the technology, but it's going to be a long, long road before it's adopted in any scale, in our view.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael French with Morgan Joseph.
Michael K. French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC, Research Division: On the subject here of the transition, Bill Brown has a lot of M&A experience. So it seems it's safe to assume that there won't be any change to the company's acquisitive nature. I'll go ahead and ask the question since you didn't mention M&A in the opening remarks. How important a consideration was that in selecting him for this role? And should we expect any changes with your outlook towards acquisitions in the near or longer term?
Howard L. Lance: I think, Michael, that M&A was only one of a number of preferences in the requirements for the new CEO. It certainly was not at the top of the list, but it's a wonderful skill and experience that Bill has in not just doing acquisitions but in integrating them. And I think that his focus in fiscal '12, as we've said previously, will be on integrating the acquisitions that we have, getting them fully up to speed both from a cost standpoint, as well as driving revenue synergies. In the longer term, we certainly would expect acquisitions will continue to be, as they have been in the past, a part of our growth strategy, filling in holes for vertical markets, product or technologies or geographies. So I think all those are going to be positive, and certainly Bill's experience in those areas will be a great help. But I don't think you should read into this too much. He was in the M&A corporate development job only for a few months at UTC. His primary background is in running businesses and growing businesses organically. But he's got a lot of experience in allowing acquisitions to fit and to fit effectively. So it will be a great added value that he'll bring to the company by having that experience. But I don't think you should read into that it's going to somehow change Harris' strategy or that the Board is going to go out and charge Bill of doing a big deal, like the UTC-Goodrich acquisition. That's just -- that's coincidental. And in fact, it hadn't even been announced when they were talking with Bill. So that was not why they went out and found him.
Michael K. French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC, Research Division: Very good. And a follow-up is on the NIE, the test for the Falcon III that's coming up in the fall. Can you discuss some of the capabilities you're looking for, how the radio is performing? And if I understand, this is just a technical evaluation. They're not looking at economic considerations such as the cost of the radios. Is that correct?
Howard L. Lance: Yes, that's my understanding, that the NIE doesn't really look at cost. Although I think General Odierno's quote that I read clearly says that he's interested in cost and speed and capability. And I think that's where we win this game. We really are offering all 3 of those, and no one else can do it. In terms of additional features, I think it's more of the same. I think it's very much about the network and the network effectivity. We'll be able to use radios now from Harris at that NIE in the fall that will have both the SRW and the ANW2 waveform. No one else is going to have both of those in the radio. And -- so we just have such a significant lead, but I think it's just -- it's more of the same. The last one was the first NIE. Part of it is just getting, I think, a tempo of doing this a couple of times a year. But I can't really speak to any specific requirements they have added over the last one at this point, Michael. So I'm just not aware of anything significantly different. But I know what we're going to be bringing are the lessons learned and continued enhancements we've made since the last one and the integration of the SRW2 -- SRW waveform into both the 117G and the 152.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josephine Millward with The Benchmark Company.
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: A bunch of your RF orders were actually announced in October. Is there a reason why you're including them in your September quarter?
Howard L. Lance: We're certainly not including October orders in the September orders booked. We're talking about them because we think they're significant. They occurred after the quarter end. So when the orders booked is what determines what quarter it goes into, sometimes -- in fact, in every case, there's usually a gap of at least a few weeks between when we get an order and when the customer approves a press release allowing us to announce it. So those don't always line up when we issue it. It's normally weeks. As Pam said, sometimes it's longer. But we can announce an order in October, but the order may have been booked, received and appropriately booked in September. It would have been included in the first quarter numbers. But we don't include anything in the quarter that doesn't meet our requirements as a bookable order, and that's got a pretty high threshold and E&Y [indiscernible] reviews that.
Michael K. French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's what I thought. So the $66 million Falcon III order for brigade combat team was received in September, but you didn't press release it until October.
Pamela Padgett: Right.
Howard L. Lance: That's correct.
Josephine Lin Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I was wondering if you can -- now that the government is operating under a CR again, can you comment on whether you're seeing any impact on your order activities so far?
Howard L. Lance: I don't think we've seen anything immediately. We've tried to look at this every which way. We don't believe that the CR would have a meaningful impact on our fiscal '12 operations. We have tried to bake into our outlook what we think may be some impact. Now it's always possible, it could be worse. But I don't feel like, today, there is much downside for Harris Corporation if we stayed on a continued resolution for the rest of fiscal year '12. '13, '14, '15, there's lots of question marks out there regarding budgets and so on. So I'm not going to comment on that because I don't know what's going to happen anymore than you do. Bottom line is, I think our '12 guidance is solid, and the continuing CR shouldn't have much downside impact this fiscal year. I think that, again, our level of diversification in programs, in customers and now across a number of government and commercial vertical markets should allow us to continue to outperform the market. Will we outperform at a level we're all happy with? I think that time remains to be seen whether we do that. But I really like our position, and it's much stronger than it would have been if this had happened several years ago, where we were much more dependent only on a couple of growth initiatives.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Pete Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a couple of quick follow-ups. I think you guys have a large Veterans Affairs multi-award IDIQ called T4. Is that on protest? Or is that in the clear now?
Howard L. Lance: I'm not aware that we have anything with the VA under protest.
Peter J. Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the classified wins in GCS, can you just maybe characterize them? Are those space-related?
Howard L. Lance: No, I can't really talk about the details. Our work in classified generally has kind of 3 categories. It's space systems, it's mission systems and it's information systems. And I think we're seeing a strong progress in all 3 of those areas. So I don't think it's any one particular area. This part of our business has been a little cyclical, and we're very pleased to see it coming back. We have great long-term relationships with customers, and our teams' performance on these very, very difficult technologies has just been superior over time. Thank you very much. And, again, I want to thank all of you for your interest in Harris, and I hope that you will stay tuned. I think this company has a very, very bright future.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. And, again, I'm sorry for the late start.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Howard Lance - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Josh Sullivan - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc. Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Josephine Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Harris Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Anne, and I will be your coordinator for today's call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal 2011 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett. On the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  A few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on the discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference and the related presentation, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables in our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website.  And with that, Howard, I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam, and let me welcome all of you to our fourth quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. To provide added clarity to the call, this time we've posted some slides on our website, and we'll be referring to those throughout the conference call.  Beginning first with Slides 3 and 4. We ended fiscal 2011 with another solid quarter. Revenue was $1.67 billion, increasing 15%. Organic revenue growth was 4%, and that was driven by 11% growth in our Government Communications Systems segment and 7% growth in our new Integrated Network Solutions segment. Flat year-over-year revenue in RF Communications was, we think, an excellent outcome for this business as we make our way beyond the large tactical radio shipments in the prior year to equip MRAP vehicles. The first quarter of fiscal 2012 will be our last tough compare as we reset our baseline for future growth.  There were certainly highlights in the quarter as our Public Safety and Professional Communications business posted strong revenue growth of 9% and a record quarter end backlog of the $737 million. Our move into this very close adjacent market during fiscal 2009 is contributing nicely to both our revenue growth and higher operating income. The Broadcast Communications business posted 37% growth in orders, 31% growth in revenue and a solid profit. Harris IT Services posted 8% top line growth and higher profitability. And Harris CapRock Communications delivered a solid profit number in the quarter.  On the downside, our new initiatives in Healthcare and Cyber will take time to contribute to earnings. Both businesses had operating losses in the quarter. And about $100 million in International Tactical Communications orders slipped to the right as a result of political uncertainty in Central Asia, the Middle East and Northern Africa.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.24 in the quarter and flat with the prior year. Of course, again, the prior year benefited significantly from the large MRAP shipments. Fourth quarter 2011 adjusted EBITDA was $320 million, and that was a 7% increase. We think this is a very encouraging sign for future earnings growth. Throughout fiscal 2012, we should see this upward trend in EBITDA continue as we finish integrating the new acquisitions and they begin to significantly contribute to our growth and higher earnings.  For the full fiscal year 2011, revenue was $5.92 billion, an increase of 14% and about a 5% higher on an organic basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.89, an increase of 10%, and adjusted EBITDA was $1.23 billion, an increase of 11%. We are incredibly proud of these results delivered by our team, especially in the year where we faced an extended U.S. government continuing budget resolution, lower MRAP shipments, lower state and local government spending and a drilling moratorium for part of the year in the Gulf of Mexico. At the same time these challenges were occurring, we increased our investments in new vertical market growth initiatives, which we believe will be a major driver of long-term growth and higher earnings for the company.  Moving now to the segment results. First, on Slide 5. Fourth quarter revenue for the RF Communications segment was $628 million, as indicated, flat with the prior year. Large shipments of tactical radios in the prior year to equip MRAP vehicles continue to create difficult year-over-year comparisons for us in both revenue and income. As expected, operating income in the fourth quarter was lower at $191 million compared with non-GAAP operating income in the prior year quarter of $227 million. Operating margins in the fourth quarter were 30.4%.  Our new manufacturing facility in Rochester, New York is up and running, ahead of schedule and we're back at full production. The new facility consolidates multiple facilities into 1 location, reducing production cycle times and creating a number of operational efficiencies. We now have a single facility of sufficient size, layout and capabilities to fully implement the lean production processes that we need to further reduce our product cost. The new facility will provide cost savings and creates a state-of-the-art, high-volume manufacturing capability for products across the RF segment, including our Unity mobile radio, which is newly introduced to the market and our 700 megahertz LTE subscriber terminals.  Tactical Communications revenue was $472 million in the fourth quarter, a decline of 3% compared with the prior year. Again, we believe this was an excellent result given that MRAP radio deliveries declined by $200 million year-over-year. If we look at the non-MRAP revenue to the Department of Defense, it actually increased significantly in the quarter, driven by continuing Falcon III product adoption to support the DoD vision for wideband networking throughout the battlefield in Armed Forces.  International revenue growth was driven in the quarter by major deliveries to the Australian Ministry of Defense and a number of countries in the Middle East and Asia. Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue was $156 million in the fourth quarter, as indicated, increasing 9% compared to the prior year. A series of important contract wins led to the best quarter since acquiring this business in fiscal 2009.  Turning to orders. RF segment orders were $447 million in the quarter, with Tactical Communications orders accounting for $257 million of this total. Our Tactical Communications backlog stood at $766 million at the end of the year. Ongoing political instability in Northern Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia has continued to delay some of our international orders. While the delays are certainly unfortunate in the near term, they will get sorted out eventually. And we're confident that our business will benefit in the long term from this business.  In the U.S. market, important orders during the quarter included $25 million from Marine Corps for Falcon III radios and remote control systems, $18 million for Falcon II HF vehicular radio systems for Army vehicles. Several orders for our Falcon III 117G multiband manpack radios, and these included $12 million from DoD in support of requirements for wideband networking, $16 million from the Army to provide ground forces with expanded interoperable voice and high-bandwidth data communications and $9 million from the Air Force in support of new emerging applications in situational awareness, intelligence and analysis and real-time battlefield collaboration. And we were also awarded an IDIQ contract with a $60 million ceiling from the Navy for our new Technical Key Loader encryption devices, along with an initial order against that contract of $6 million.  Consistent with our roadmap, we are introducing additional features and functionality to our Falcon III JTRS product offering. This will widen our technology and product lead in the U.S. market and equally importantly, this lead ultimately fuels our continued leadership in the international markets. First, we expect to receive NSA certification in the next few weeks for the SRW waveform in our Falcon III 117G wideband networking manpack radio and shipments will begin to customers immediately after. As promised, we will be first-to-market with an NSA-certified radio incorporating SRW, the Soldier Radio Waveform, for JTRS. At the same time, we expect to receive NSA certification for and begin shipping our Falcon III AN/PRC-152A handheld radio, which will have new wideband networking capability using the Harris ANW2 waveform. And then shortly down the road in October, we'll begin demonstrations where we will include the SRW waveform also in the 152A. So we're going to end up with a very, very capable JTRS handheld radio. That's going to include the SRW, waveform, the ANW2 waveform and Type-1 NSA certification, and of course, remember that 152A is also backward compatible with legacy radio waveforms in the field such as SINCGARS.  Now for a second, compare that with the new Rifleman Radio. Rifleman really has a very narrow mission, to provide position location information up echelon using the SRW waveform. For example, it doesn't have wideband capability or NSA Type-1 capability, nor does it have the ability to communicate with legacy radios using waveforms such as SINCGARS, where there's over 400,000 units deployed in the field. We think this creates a significant differentiation, and once again, Harris takes the lead with radio technology.  In June and July, Harris was invited to participate for the first time in the U.S. Army Network Integration Evaluation, or NIE, exercise held at Fort Bliss, Texas and White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. The NIE is a series of semi-annual evaluations designed to evaluate the Army's tactical network capabilities and to promote competition among the multiple programs of record and viable commercial solutions, and this is all part of the Army's evolving network acquisition strategy. The NIE involves a series of user test and evaluations with the goal to speed the deployment of an integrated battlefield network, while making sure the technologies are ready for prime time use in the field by the warfighter. I'm pleased to say that Harris delivered its combat-proven wideband networking capability through the Falcon III 117G as part of the evaluation. The Army evaluated our 117G radios as a vehicular-based mobile wideband tactical communications network, enabling this network using to Harris ANW2 wideband waveform. Our radio successfully formed a 30-node network across a range of military vehicles included company command post-platforms and provided reliable access to a number of applications such as the tactical ground reporting system, combat chat and the transfer of multimedia mission command files. It was a major success in our view. We received great user feedback and valuable insights into both our radio and waveform functionality, and we'll be quickly incorporating these insights into our future product releases. We will expand our participation in the next NIE scheduled for October, and this will include incorporation of the Falcon III 117G with SRW and the Falcon III 152A handheld with both the SRW and the ANW2 waveforms. Bottom line, we came away from these series of tests more convinced than ever that our radios are, in fact, the most advanced in the world. No competing radios come close to delivering the performance and cost that we can offer our customers.  Turning to international orders in the quarter. We had a $16 million order from a country in Africa to provide HF radios, a $10 million order from a country in Southeast Asia for Falcon III and Falcon II tactical radios, a $5 million order from Brazil for Falcon III VHF tactical radios. These will provide the Brazilian Armed Forces with next-generation voice and high-speed data communications. Also, a $5 million order from Canada for Falcon III 117G multiband manpack radios, as well as our RF-7800B tactical satellite communication system. These systems will provide Canada's Armed Forces with next-generation tactical comms in support of a number of network-enabled applications, including video and collaborative chat. And finally, we received a $4 million follow-on order from France for the 117G. The 117G is quickly becoming the radio of choice by all of our NATO allies for their high-end mission requirements.  We closed the fourth quarter with healthy opportunity pipelines in the Tactical Communications business, $1 billion in the U.S. and $2.3 billion in international. Large opportunities in the U.S. pipeline exists for follow-on business for the Falcon III radios in the Army, Marine Corps and Air Force. Also, the U.S. pipeline includes opportunities, which will be procured through new IDIQ contracts that we expect imminently from the Navy and the Special Operations Command. The international pipeline is highlighted by significant opportunities with the Iraq Ministry of Interior and Ministry of Defense, the Australia Ministry of Defense, United Arab Emirates, as well as other nations in Africa, Asia and Southeast Asia. As we stated before, some orders have been delayed in the international market during the last 2 quarters, but none have been lost to competition.  We've already indicated that Public Safety and Professional Communications had a great quarter. Orders in the fourth quarter were $190 million higher than the prior year quarter and certainly, also had a book-to-bill of greater than 1. Orders included a $50 million order from the Oregon Department of Transportation to deliver a new P25 system, which will support the mission-critical communication needs of ODOT, as well as the Oregon State Police. This program includes 4,200 Unity multiband mobile radios and it will be the first large-scale deployment of our new vehicular version of the Unity radio. This is a very important extension of the Unity family of multiband radios and of course, Unity allows interoperability across a much wider band of frequencies than any other radio in the market. The program in Oregon also includes an integrated statewide network, which will allow Oregon to comply with the federal narrowbanding mandate that is governing spectrum use for land mobile radio systems. And the initial $50 million order is part of a 10-year contract that is expected to have a total value of more than $100 million. We also received 3 other significant orders we want to call out in the quarter, $24 million from Floyd County, Georgia for a P25IP digital radio system, an $18 million order from Linn County, Iowa, again, for a P25IP trunked radio system. And again, this contract includes the Harris Unity multiband portable radios as well. And then finally, a $12 million order from the city of Chicago, Office of Emergency Management Communications for our Maestro dispatch consoles. In summary, we continue to see a steady recovery in new bid and proposal activity in the Public Safety markets, and our pipeline of opportunities for this business remains very large at $3 billion.  Let me move on now to Slide 6 and talk about our Integrated Network Solutions segment. Revenue in the fourth quarter increased by 45%, $585 million, and of course, benefited from the acquisitions of CapRock Communications and the Schlumberger Global Connectivity Services business. But we also had strong performance on an organic basis with revenue growing by 7% above the prior year. Our Broadcast Communications business showed excellent revenue growth with 31%. Harris IT Services revenue increased by 8%. Revenue from Harris CapRock Communications was about flat with the prior year on a pro forma basis. Segment non-GAAP operating income was much higher at $32 million or 5.5% of sales, income benefited from the vastly improved performance in Broadcast Communications compared to the prior year. Broadcast was profitable in the quarter and for the fiscal year in total, following the market downturn experienced over the past couple of years. Harris CapRock Communications and Harris IT Services income were also well above the prior quarter.  Our Healthcare and Cyber businesses posted a combined $16 million loss in the quarter as a result of the Carefx acquisition and the opening of our Cyber Integration Center in Virginia and its related depreciation and overhead expense. Several new contract wins in the quarter worth mentioning, a 3-year master service agreement with a potential value of $58 million to operate the Offshore Communications Backbone in the Eastern Mediterranean. First year of the agreement is worth up to $22 million. We signed a 2-year, $13 million contract to provide offshore satellite communications with Odfjell Drilling in Norway. This includes a provision of turnkey VSAT services, voice and Internet services. It's a significant expansion of our existing business with Odfjell, and we think demonstrates the value of both our local presence and very strong client relationships. We also were awarded 2 3-year contracts valued at $3 million from Devon Energy in Brazil for our telecommunications and professional services. Devon Energy is a leading independent natural gas and oil exploration company. We also received a 5-year IDIQ contract, which has a very large ceiling of $12 billion from the Department of Veterans Affairs. This is associated with what they call their T4 program, Transformation Twenty-One Total Technology, allowing the VA to upgrade their IT systems. It'll streamline and modernize their operations, including patient care delivery at over 150 VA hospitals. We also received a 2-year blanket purchase agreement with a ceiling of $199 million from the VA for a separate initiative called Enhance the Veteran Experience and Access to Healthcare. Here, the goal of the VA is to expand healthcare access for veterans who reside in rural areas. And in the Broadcast division, we received orders totaling $16 million in the quarter from Turkmenistan Television, the state broadcaster in the country. This project comprises a full range of broadcast solutions from Harris, and the seamless interoperability of our solutions, we believe, was the determining factor in the contract award.  We're continuing our global integration efforts at Harris CapRock Communications. During the quarter, we announced Tom Eaton as President of this business. Tom has a remarkable track record in positioning businesses for their next phase of growth. We also officially opened, during the quarter, the new Harris Cyber Integration Center in Virginia. This center will provide cloud computing services for customers within a trusted environment. The Cyber Integration Center has already won national awards for its energy efficiency and innovation. And we continue our collaboration with leading IT companies, including Hewlett-Packard, Sendmail, RedHat, BMC and VCE, who continue to seek partnership with Harris, and we believe this continues to validate with our technology and our security differentiation. In the near term, however, we are experiencing a much longer selling cycle in the Cyber business than we had previously expected. Customers are beginning with small pilot projects and proofs-of-concept before moving their larger applications into the cloud. This will allow the effect of postponing revenue and income out of our fiscal 2012 into fiscal 2013, resulting in a fiscal 2012 operating loss for Cyber currently estimated at about $30 million. Obviously, we're taking steps to improve that outcome, and we'll keep you posted on future calls.  In the Healthcare Solutions business, we completed the acquisition of Carefx Corporation at the beginning of fourth quarter. Carefx brings interoperable workflow and clinical analytics solutions to the Harris Healthcare portfolio. Carefx solutions are aimed at enabling improved operating efficiencies and access to vital clinical data within hospitals. Let me give you an example. Hartford Hospital in Connecticut recently implemented a business intelligent dashboard from Carefx to better understand their patient flow trends and to cut the patient length of stay. Hartford increased its early discharge rate nearly threefold after implementing our dashboard. These kinds of success stories will continue to help Harris Healthcare Solutions penetrate the commercial healthcare market and strengthen its overall position as a leading provider of interoperability solutions to both commercial and government customers.  In Broadcast Communications, international broadcast sales and growth in new media are both driving higher revenue. In addition to the orders already mentioned for Turkmenistan, we're experiencing orders growth in Asia and Latin America, and we recently installed our first digital signage system in the U.K. at Harrod's. In the U.S., we're in collaboration with Digital Display Networks, Inc. and ABC to create one of the largest digital out-of-home advertising networks in the world, 7-Eleven TV. Digital Display Networks is providing content production, ABC as the sales agent for advertising and Harris is providing its InfoCaster hardware and Punctuate software, along with our managed services and content delivery capabilities. We're already installed in over 3,000 7-Eleven stores. Promotional advertising content has been successfully running on the network for several months. ABC has secured a number of new ad sales and is managing a solid pipeline for the future. Bottom line, we remain very excited about this project in the emerging digital out-of-home market in general. In summary, we continue to be enthusiastic about the future of the new Integrated Network Solutions segment. As the integration of our new acquisitions and the maturing of our new businesses occurs, INS will, in fact, be a major driver of Harris EPS growth going forward.  Moving to Slide 7. Government Communications Systems segment revenue was $500 million in the fourth quarter, an excellent 11% growth from the prior year. Revenue increases were driven by the GOES-R program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by our new product line, Highband Networking Radios, for the U.S. Army and by satellite reflector programs for several commercial customers. Segment operating income in the fourth quarter was $63 million with margins at a strong 12.7% of sales. Fourth quarter wins in Government Communications included a $19 million follow-on contract to supply more than 100 Harris Highband Networking Radio systems for the Army Warfighter Information Network Tactical, or WIN-T, program. This order is an addition to $6 million contract award from the Army during the quarter for rapid deployment of HNR radios into Afghanistan. This Harris product really redefines battlefield communications with high-capacity wireless networking between both mobile and fixed platforms. Using a breakthrough radio waveform and directed beam antenna technology, the Harris HNR establishes self-forming, self-healing mesh network capable of delivering voice, video and data over very large geographic areas.  In the quarter, we also received a 42-month, potential $57 million follow-on contract -- $57 million follow-on contract with the FAA. This is to upgrade and manage the system that provides real-time weather data and flight planning for Alaska general aviation. We also received 2 1-year classified contracts totaling $83 million, and a 4-year, $32 million classified contract in addition. So our national intelligence business tempo is definitely increasing. After the close of the quarter, Harris was selected for a 10-year, $85 million contract award from the FAA as a prime contractor to the Alaska Satellite Telecommunications Infrastructure program. Harris will replace and upgrade the existing SATCOM network and -- that links the Alaska Air Route Traffic Control Center in Alaska -- in Anchorage, Alaska with 64 other FAA facilities throughout the region.  So with that, let me now turn it over to our CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on the financial results for the quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 8. Fiscal year 2011 was another very solid financial year for Harris. We ended the year with $367 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We generated $833 million of operating cash flow, $508 million of free cash flow, repurchased $250 million of our outstanding stock and paid $127 million in dividends. None of our outstanding long-term debt comes due prior to October 2015. And as of year end, we had $870 million available under our $1,050,000,000 combined revolving credit facilities.  As to the fourth quarter, cash flow generated from operating activities was $276 million as compared to $167 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, and capital expenditures were $129 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $62 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year. The $67 million higher capital expenditures resulted primarily from the fit-out of our new RF manufacturing facility that is now fully up and operational, the Cyber Security Solutions facility whose grand opening was in late May and capital expenditures at INS as a result of the CapRock and Schlumberger acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization was $63 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $45 million for the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32.5%.  During the quarter, we increased our share buyback to $100 million. We purchased 2 million shares at an average purchase price of $48.83 per share. Total shares repurchased during fiscal 2011 were 5.3 million or 4.2% of our outstanding shares. As announced in our press release, we replaced our existing share repurchase program with $1 billion new program under which we expect to repurchase up to $500 million worth of our shares, largely by the end of this calendar year or roughly 8% to 9% of the shares outstanding. Further, we announced a 12% dividend increase that takes our quarterly dividend from $0.25 to $0.28, our 10th year in a row of double-digit increases.  Moving to Slide 9. We revised guidance for fiscal 2012 as follows: cash flow from operations in a range of $825 million to $875 million; depreciation and amortization of $280 million to $290 million; and capital expenditures, including capitalized software of $265 million to $285 million. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate is now expected to be 33% compared with our prior guidance of 33.5%. The tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events occurring therein. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength, which allows us to invest for the future while delivering significant value to our shareholders in the forms of share repurchases and higher dividends. Our outlook for operating cash flow remain strong and fiscal 2012 should be another year of solid financial returns.  Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me conclude my prepared remarks and talk about the 2012 outlook, utilizing Slides 10 and 11. We're updating our financial guidance for fiscal 2012 with consolidated revenue now expected to be between 4% and 6% higher than fiscal 2011, revenue between $6.15 billion and $6.3 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is now expected to be in a range from $5.10 to $5.30 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8%. The changes between our prior outlook and current outlook reflect lower revenue and income in International Tactical Communications, as well as increased losses in our Cyber business, offset by higher expected income in Government Communications, a slightly lower tax rate and the positive impact from our new share repurchase plan. We'll certainly have a clearer picture of the timing of international orders and revenue as we move through the next 2 quarters, which will help to tighten our EPS range going forward.  Now our current view to the distribution of EPS in fiscal 2012 is about 40% of the earnings in the first half and about 60% of the earnings in the second half, with first quarter EPS in a range of $1 to $1.05 per share. Back to full year guidance, adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range from $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion, that's a year-over-year increase of 4% to 8% in line with revenue.  For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2012 revenue is expected to be 3% to 6% lower than fiscal 2011, reflecting the timing of international orders turning into revenue. So the new guidance now anticipates decline in Tactical Communications revenue of about 10% year-over-year versus our previous flat year-over-year revenue guidance. We continue to expect double-digit growth in Public Safety and Professional Communications. And our segment operating margins are now expected to be in the 33% to 34% range. For our Integrated Network Solutions segment, we expect revenue to be in a range of 16% to 18% higher than fiscal 2011, and that represents organic growth in a range of 7% and 9% higher. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is expected to be between 5.5% to 6.5%, which includes the anticipated operating losses of about $30 million in our Cyber business. And finally, for the Government Communications Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2012 to be 2% to 4% higher than fiscal 2011, and segment operating margins are expected to be about 13.5% of revenue.  With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital: So just a couple of quick questions. First off, on the share repurchase plan, I mean, obviously, this is quite a big step up from where you've been before. You're going to repurchase in the next 2 quarters more than you've done in the last 2 years combined -- 2 fiscal years combined. So I just wondered if you might talk about the board's view here, and what this may signal in terms of cash deployment, your strategy there? How you're thinking about this? Is this something we should consider as a new norm? Has your view changed? How should we consider this?
Howard Lance: Well, first of all, we've consistently said that strategic acquisitions then dividends and then share repurchase have always been a part of our capital distribution and capital structure thinking. As we look at acquisitions, we've made a number of acquisitions in fiscal '11 and the focus in fiscal '12 is very much on integrating those acquisitions and delivering on the promise of them, as well as the ones that had gone previously like the Public Safety business, which as you see is really starting to pick up steam. We certainly feel that a double-digit increase in our dividend rate is consistent with what we've done in the past as we target a payout ratio, north of 20%, and this will be consistent with that. And so when we look at then the cash flow that we're going to generate from operating cash less our needs for the requirements for CapEx, we felt that the current valuation of the shares that this was a very appropriate deployment of cash and makes a strong statement about the board and management's view of the future earnings potential for the company. Whether this becomes the "norm" or not, beyond that, I think, remains to be seen. But the fact that we do have a $1 billion authorization suggest that there is another $500 million tranche that's going to be repurchased beyond fiscal year '12.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital: Great. And as a follow up, I wondered if we might revisit briefly the targets that you've laid out before in terms of the progression over the next couple of years, both at INS and RF Communications. It would seem there's probably some changes to those, maybe not, how should we think about your prior views of INS given a slower process in Cyber, and perhaps some other areas within there, as well as international, is that just timing and we'll get back to the old target, or is this something that needs to be reconsidered?
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly still believe that the kind of 10% to 13% EPS growth targets over the 3-year time frame that we laid out are absolutely still achievable. On the growth side, I think we said 8% to 9% organic growth given that we're dropping off a little bit in '12, perhaps that 3-year CAGR would be just a little bit lower. But the EPS targets I think are absolutely on track and the combination of the operational improvements we expect, as well as contribution from slightly smaller share outstanding.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Howard, on that roughly, I guess, 10% sales take down in RF Tactical, I wonder if you could tell us how much of that relates to the U.S. decision to freeze some Pakistani funding, maybe an indication of when that might be alleviated, the restriction there.
Howard Lance: Pete, I think that's a pretty small factor in that. There's really no one country or one order, but it's really been kind of a broad-based pushout across Northern Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia. We certainly think that while Pakistan is kind of on-hold currently, we certainly expect that their relations there will warm, and we'll see those -- that market open back up to us. But in and of itself, that one country is not the reason behind it. It's really been everything that you've seen going on across the region over what's been a very tumultuous 6-month period, and it's primarily politically-driven. It's really not at all driven by expectations of somehow a lower security risk or a lower need for these communications. So we're certainly frustrated now 2 quarters in a row to see about $100 million each quarter of orders pushed out. But the good news is we haven't lost any orders, and I actually think our product position is even strengthening as time goes on. So we're going to see the orders come in at some point and get turned to revenue. If that happens earlier in the year, then certainly the high end of our guidance is possible. If it doesn't happen until later in the year, then it might be the lower end. And that's why you see the range a little wider than it traditional is.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. A very quick one for Gary, and I'll get out of the way. Gary, did you have any participating securities adjustments on the income statement in the quarter? I didn't see it in the release.
Gary McArthur: No, none that I can think of, Pete.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, because you typically have those each quarter, correct?
Gary McArthur: Participating, not really. I'd go back and have to look, but I don't believe so. I could be correct, and I'll doublecheck, but I don't believe so.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: So your new RF Tactical guidance is like $1.6 billion, which implies today you have a 48% backlog to forward sales ratio, which is among the lower end of what it's been historically. I just wondered if you could comment about kind of how many -- maybe if you could give us a sense for the amount of bids outstanding? Or at what point we should be a little bit more concerned about another possible reduction? Or do you see a lot of stuff in the very near-term pipeline that's likely to convert so that we don't get another downward revision? And then lastly, if you could just update us on the NRO patriot recompete and where you guys stand there?
Howard Lance: Right. So on RF backlog, if you go back 6 years, you'll see the numbers as low as 30% and as high as 70%. So there's a wide range of where we've entered the year with backlog compared to what our sales turn out to actually be. The average is 51.5%, so I don't think 48% is materially different than the average. Obviously, we're counting on some new orders coming in. And the timing of those orders, as I indicated, especially in international because they can be very large and lumpy, will have an impact on when those turn to revenue. With regard to the patriot recompete, there's been a down select made, I think, the 2 companies. We are not one of those companies. And so we have reflected the lower revenue from that recompete not going our way in the guidance we've provided for INS, part of INS that Harris IT Services provides. So that's in the guidance, and it will affect us for about half a year starting in kind of January.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael French with Morgan Joseph.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Howard, first, I'd like to ask you about the succession planning. It was a little bit of surprise to see that you're planning to retire. I think you've done a good job, you've established a great culture, and you're definitely a pleasure to be around, so very sorry to hear that. But just perhaps, you could walk us through how the search is going and what you -- what kind of timing you would expect on an announcement?
Howard Lance: Well, there's certainly nothing specific I can say about timing on an announcement. What I can say is that the board is diligently engaged in interviewing both external and internal candidates. I know that they feel a sense of urgency to name a successor, not because they're anxious to get me out of here, but because we certainly don't want to be in a void for an extended period where leadership is uncertain. But in terms of the timing, that remains to be seen. But there's a real sense of urgency obviously balanced by the desire to pick the right person to lead the company in our next chapter. So lots of work is underway, and you'll just have to stay tuned. I can't say anything specific with regard to timing.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Okay. And then I'd like to follow up on something you mentioned on the last call, that at a SPA warrant in San Diego, they have an RFI for essentially an off-the-shelf jitters radio. Has there been any movement on that process?
Howard Lance: Not that I'm aware of at this point.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Okay, and then...
Pamela Padgett: Are you speaking about the GMR alternative?
Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Yes.
Howard Lance: Yes, I don't believe anything has happened subsequent to that, at least not that I'm aware of.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Okay. And then you mentioned today that on the Cyber side, you were going to be taking some steps to accelerate business there. Can you elaborate on that? Are you talking about being more aggressive on pricing, or are there other things that you can do?
Howard Lance: Yes, I'm not sure it's as much accelerate on the revenue side. Certainly, we're doing what we can, but we're just seeing that while I think the cloud -- computing cloud hosting market is going to be very, very large and lucrative at some point in the future, the transition's going much more slowly, and we've seen that and talked to a lot of companies. So I'm not sure we're going to be able to accelerate that, although we'll do what we can. But certainly, in response to that, we're taking a hard look at the cost side of the equation and our expenses and plans for additional capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization and that sort of thing, to see what can be done to potentially trim, what right now our best estimate is about a $30 million operating loss, whereas previously, we had hoped that to be kind of break even for this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Howard, on the margin guidance for RF, it's up 100 basis points versus where you had guided 3 months ago or last quarter. And the part of the revenue guidance that came down was obviously some of the higher margin part of the business. Also, if you just look at the fourth quarter, you did 30.4% margin in the RF segment overall and the mix to me looks pretty similar to what you're expecting for the coming year. So I'm just wondering what are the offsets to get the margins up, those 300 basis points that you're expecting from the fourth quarter? Is R&D coming down? Are there any other items in there, some other kind of mix, et cetera?
Howard Lance: Yes, great question, Joe, and you're exactly right. We've taken a lot of steps to mitigate the amount of the margin decline from '11 to '12. In the segment it's only about 100 basis points. So how have we done that? Well, number one, Public Safety, Professional Communications business return on sales or margins are moving significantly higher. If you go back 2 years, Gary and I talked about guidance in that business, and we are now starting to see the top line and the bottom line move. And so it's becoming, as a result, less dilutive to the segment. Secondly, our new manufacturing facility and a number of other operational and cost reduction actions are allowing us to actually maintain very, very high margins in the RF segment. Fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly. We used the opportunity to accelerate some of our R&D by using some contract engineering, not only inside, but outside the company. And so the previous quarter, I think, for the segment was 32.5%. So Q4 was a little bit of an anomaly, as sometimes happens in quarters. But the bottom line is, we feel very confident in the 33% to 34% guidance we're providing, and it does not involve a major reduction in R&D, but rather focuses heavily on actions at the gross margin line in both Tactical, as well as significant progress being made in Public Safety.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, you've indicated that Public Safety is around 10% in the past, and I'm wondering if you could give a little more color as to where we're getting there. Is that getting up into the mid-teens?
Howard Lance: Well, as we've integrated the businesses, it's a little difficult to call that out. But I can tell you that we are very comfortable that we are now on track toward the kind of return on sales numbers that Gary and I talked about. Ultimately, I think on the call, we said our goal was about 15% EBIT and closer to maybe 19% EBITDA margins, and this absolutely is moving us that direction.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Larry Harris with CL King.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk about the texture of orders or bookings right now in some of the U.S. government businesses, Tactical Communications outside of the 117G and Government Communications and Integrated Network Solutions. Some companies that have been reporting, I guess, paperwork problems this past quarter, what are you seeing right now in some of your businesses?
Howard Lance: We haven't seen anything particularly, Larry, a significant item that I would call out. I think there continues to be a lot of concern and at times confusion around exactly what money is going to be available for what programs. And certainly, we've seen a lot of talk now in the last 24 hours by various analysts as a result of the debt ceiling deal that was crafted in Congress. We really haven't seen anything material as a result of the last quarter. It's been a little slow, as you know, and our guidance shows modest growth compared to what we've been able to deliver in the past. So obviously, we're hopeful that this is overblown and the opportunity to have higher growth in government systems and in IT services. We've been doing very well in IT services and with 11% in government systems, that's kind of a blowout quarter. So we really haven't seen a lot of big things. I think that has a lot to do with our diversity of programs for a company our size, with 250 to 300 programs across not just DoD, but intelligence, civilian agencies, lots of $10 million and smaller annual revenue programs. I think that's cushioning us pretty well. We won't be totally blind, I'm sure, to program adjustments and so on. But at this point, we're not seeing anything of the magnitude that you're asking about.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Understood. And you mentioned that there were a couple of IDIQ-type contracts, I believe, in the Tactical Communications area. If you win those, could those convert to sales this fiscal year?
Howard Lance: I don't know specifically whether we have any of those contracts in our -- it's certainly in our pipeline. I don't know how many of them we might have in the actual revenue forecast. What I can say in terms of little color around those, one is the special operations forces, we think that's expected to be kind of in hundreds of million of dollars of opportunity. That's probably an FY '13 program and that's kind of tied to one of the future capability sets in the Army, and I think that's correct. And then the other one for the Navy is maybe tens of millions of dollars. That one is more FY '12 oriented. So gives you a little bit of color around them. But the nice thing about IDIQs, it sets a ceiling and gives a lot of flexibility. So if up-tempo or needs emerge and new technology they want to take advantage of, especially special forces, they had then have a contract ceiling and a vehicle to procure radios. So as we continue to put out radios with more and more capabilities, we love to see these IDIQ contracts because I think that the balance shifts really toward a commercial company like Harris and to be able to make the maximum benefit out of those kinds of vehicles.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Yes, hundreds of millions, that would be significant.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josephine Millward with Benchmark Company.
Josephine Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Howard, in your updated fiscal year '12 guidance, are you assuming another CR, or can we see further downside if the '12 budget hasn't get done until some time next year?
Howard Lance: Yes, so you're talking about whether we are expecting an additional or a new continuing resolution in the government fiscal year '12 budget? Well, I don't think we have or expect anything to be signed in September when it's supposed to. So I suspect that we are looking for it to be executed maybe January or February, that's kind of in the pattern. But I don't think that we're expecting a full year continuing resolution. So we're probably balanced somewhere in the middle on that.
Josephine Millward - The Benchmark Company, LLC: That's fair. Can you give us an update on the 117G manpack contract vehicles, I believe, you have in place with the Army moving at SOCOM? How much is left on the ceiling of these contracts? And when do you expect the RFP on jitters alternative for manpack and GMR to come out? Would they -- would you anticipate them some time after the follow-on networking exercise in October?
Howard Lance: First of all, I don't have, at my fingertips, how much is remaining on those contract vehicles side. I just don't know those numbers, so we'd have to get back to you on that. I'm not aware at this point that contract vehicles are an issue so -- but I just don't have those numbers. With regard to the timing on GMR, I would really be speculating. We certainly know that they need a replacement. We think that the market -- just to remind you the market size for, say, a 2-channel GMR vehicle replacement, we still think we're talking about upwards of 25,000 radios, $3 billion in revenue opportunity over a period of years. So really can't say how many years, can't say when they're going to start that. We really don't have anything to speak of in our fiscal '12 guidance. So we're expecting -- and I think beyond that. When the timing of an RFP would occur, I really can't say. But you may be right, it's likely to be after that October NIE and we're really not counting on anything in '12. But certainly, for '13, '14, '15, I think we would expect to start seeing some opportunity there. I think we're going to be in a very strong position to take advantage and serve that 25,000 unit ultimate opportunity.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan with Gleacher.
Josh Sullivan - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: In the past, you've talked about how Public Safety applications can be leveraged internationally. Can you talk about any traction there?
Howard Lance: Yes, I think we have a limited amount of ability to leverage, and it's really in those markets that are using the P25 standard. The other standard, which I'm forgetting the name of it, is TETRA. Thank you, Pam. The TETRA standard, we don't have access to that technology currently. And most of the international market of $4 billion or so annually is TETRA. But those markets which are not they tend to be more rural in nature, larger geographies, tend to use the P25 standard, and we are pretty well positioned with those. We saw nice increases in fiscal '11 with our international Public Safety orders. It was a nice growth area off of fiscal '10, and we certainly have expectations of another very good growth year in fiscal '12 internationally. But it's still going to be a relatively small piece of our overall revenue in PSPC.
Josh Sullivan - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just secondly, domestically, just given the pressure on some municipalities under -- I mean, what does the competitive landscape look like here? Are you guys winning contracts on cost or capability?
Howard Lance: Well, it certainly continues to be and will continue to be a competitive market, but I think you need to think of the market in 2 pieces. The part that's really been most impacted by kind of yearly annual budgets is what I would call the kind of repair and replacement, what we call the flow business. And we have certainly seen pressure on that business because they're not adding additional police officers, firemen, emergency technicians. If they have 5 radios in reserve and 2 break down, they're not buying new radios because they don't have the short-term budget money. So we've already seen, I think, significant impacts from that. On the flip side though, money is available for these large modernization programs. And we have won 4 or 5 large ones over the last several quarters we've announced. These have all been competitive. And I think a combination of 3 factors is allowing us to win. Certainly, we have to be competitive on price, but we don't need to have the lowest overall price by a significant amount. We are viewed as having very competitive and often superior technology and support. And thirdly, the Harris brand that's now wrapped around the Public Safety business has created a lot of demand and a lot of traction for competitive bids in this market. So I think you put those factors together and a strong and even upgraded management team at PSPC, and we certainly like the momentum that seems to be building in that market. Having said that, certainly, it's competitive, and the day-to-day replacement and upgrade business, budgets are tight.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ted Wheeler with Buckingham Research.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wondered if you could give a little more color on the Cyber situation. You talked about some cost issues, but maybe you could address the revenue side? I mean, does the slow start a pushout? Or are some of the people or potential contracts that you would hope to engage in moving elsewhere? I wonder if you could just kind of go through what might be a new outlook for getting the revenues to where you want them to be?
Howard Lance: Yes, I think overall, Ted, I would kind of characterize this as kind of a 1-year slip in our expectations. Back in March, we talked about the investments that we've made in capital for the facility, the upgrade, for all of our initial tranche at customer-facing equipment, kind of in the $175 million to $200 million range. And that would ultimately be able to drive revenue of about $80 million at nice profitability with maybe $50 million of revenue or so being at the break-even point, given the expenses that we have and we have people operating the business and the depreciation and amortization on the investments. So that's kind of where we were sitting. We thought that in FY '12 we would have enough momentum to get to that level and kind of be plus or minus at break even. My assessment now is that's going to be probably pushed out a year. I don't believe that we have lost a significant amount of business. I think we were just in the category of start-up. We started up the business and opened the center a little later than we have planned, and just didn't allow enough time in our planning for what was going to be channel development, starting to work with our partners on developing prospects. And then the time to close, once we had a prospect, is turning out to be much longer. Because people are just going to be a little more cautious, especially about taking their business to the cloud in an outside cloud as opposed to -- they may take it to a cloud faster in their own operations than outsource it to someone else. And again, we were focused -- we are focused on really mission-critical, very high-end applications. And so in hindsight, we were just too optimistic in how quickly this was going to turn. We're still very convinced this is going to be a very large market, one that suits Harris well and one that we ought to be able to generate $100 million of very profitable revenue from. But we are not starting out where we had hoped. We lost, as we already had indicated, an excess of $20 million in fiscal '11. And now we're estimating this $30 million for fiscal '12. So I think it's -- unfortunately, like sometimes new market entries, you don't know what you don't know. You make assumptions. You find out sometimes you're right. In this case, we weren't. And so we've had to bake that into our updated guidance for next year.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I guess, the number of conversations and evaluations also change from what you thought or -- and therefore, just sort of timing a process? Or are you having difficulty getting -- sort of people getting started to kick the tires?
Howard Lance: I think the conversation has now have begun, and they really have been about 6 months later than we'd really expected in terms of really ramping up. It was hard to have a lot of conversations before we have the facility open. The customers could come in or go in our portal and see really what it is with more specificity around what we're offering. I think coming forward, in future quarterly calls, we'll provide more color around the pipeline and how it's going. But right now, we wanted to communicate where we think we are.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Big swing for fiscal '13, I guess?
Howard Lance: Well, that's the way I view the opportunity certainly. If we -- now have in the numbers we've given you, $30 million loss and can get to break even in '13, that's $0.15, $0.17 a share improvement in '13. But I'm sure there are some investors from Missouri at this point that we're going to have to convince that, that's more real than we thought it was 6 months ago.  Let me add on Josephine's question that the notes indicate that we do expect to see the RFP before the end of the calendar year. I don't know if that'll happen or not, but that's a current expectation. And then it'll take some months to award, so it could easily be to the end of the fiscal year before the RFP is awarded and any contract comes out of that. So that's what our current thinking is, but I think it's probably a fair subject to change.
Operator: We do have one final question, and that's a follow-up from the line of Pete Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes, two quick ones. Howard, just wondered if there's any opportunity to protest the NRO patriot loss?
Howard Lance: We do not plan to protest that loss.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then I just wondered on the Healthcare opportunity set, there was used to be a lot of talk about a lot of money from the stimulus bill available for healthcare opportunities. I'm wondering what the update is on that front.
Howard Lance: I think the opportunity pipeline is very, very large and we bought a commercial business, it's not that large. And so, a couple of deals slipping out in the quarter can have an impact on profitability. It's a software and services business with high gross margins. So I don't want you to take away from our comments that we lost money due to Carefx acquisition in Q4 as that, that's going to be an ongoing loss, as I've indicated Cyber will be. We expect a turnaround and grow in that commercial healthcare business and be profitable in fiscal '12. And as you heard from my prepared remarks, we are making a huge amount of progress with the Department of Veterans Affairs, and our Healthcare business there is going to grow significantly. So I think fiscal '12 is going to be a very good year for the Healthcare Solutions business at Harris, both government and commercial. I think we're going to build momentum and see a lot of growth in '13 and '14. But the reality was that we lost money primarily on the commercial acquisition in Q4, and we need to build that results base to show you as we go forward in '12. But we do not expect to lose money in the Healthcare in fiscal '12.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-05-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Howard Lance - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Josh Sullivan Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Edward W. Wheeler Unknown Analyst -  Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Harris Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to Harris Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Call. I'm Pam Padgett, and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on the discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC.  In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in a tables in our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, Howard, I'm going to turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam. I want to add my welcome to all of you for our third quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call.  Harris posted solid third quarter results with higher consolidated orders in the prior year and strong operating margins in both our RF Communications and Government Communications Systems segments. Revenue was higher than the prior year quarter primarily due to the impact of acquisitions. Income was lower due to the favorable product mix in the prior year. As you'll remember, we had the large volume of expedited shipments of tactical radios to equip the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected Vehicles for Afghanistan.  In addition, our Government Programs and IT Services businesses began to see some impact in the quarter from slowing U.S. Government spending, including the disruption caused by the continuing budget resolution. We've reduced our expected revenue in fiscal 2011 by a total of $100 million in Government Programs and IT services as a result, and we've reduced fiscal 2012 revenue by a comparable $100 million. But you may recall in our previous earnings call we explained that if revenue was in fact impacted by the CR, we did not expect any appreciable impact on margins as a result of our continuing emphasis on operating efficiencies and cost control, and that's exactly what's happened.  I'm pleased to report that we've closed now on 3 previously announced acquisitions that have become part of our new Integrated Network Solutions segment. We believe these businesses will help drive revenue growth, margin expansion and increase earnings for Harris in fiscal 2012 and beyond. On April 4, we completed the acquisition of the Schlumberger Global Connectivity Services business. They are a leading provider of satellite and terrestrial communications services for the international energy markets. We also acquired the infrastructure assets from Core180's government business, thereby extending our U.S. terrestrial network capabilities and lowering our cost of operations. These 2 acquisitions have been combined with previously acquired CapRock Communications and the Harris Maritime Communication Services business to create Harris CapRock Communications, a $600 million-plus managed Communications Services business serving government, energy and maritime markets. This business combination positions us as the leading supplier in a high-growth industry. The added scale makes our second only to the U.S. Government as a purchaser of satellite bandwidth, which, along with our plans to rationalize redundant facilities and operations, creates a very rich opportunity for expanding operating margins across the business as we move forward.  We also completed the acquisition of Carefx, a leading provider of interoperability workflow solutions for government and commercial healthcare providers. Carefx has a broad hospital customer base, providing Harris with increased channel access to the fast-growing commercial healthcare IT market. We'll benefit from increased sales of Carefx solutions, along with cross-selling additional services offered by other Harris businesses.  Consolidated revenue in the third quarter was $1.41 billion, 6% higher than the prior year. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, was $149 million or $1.16 per share compared with $170 million, or $1.29 per share, in the prior year. Non-GAAP income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization was $294 million in the quarter compared to $310 million in the prior year quarter. This represents a year-over-year decline of about 5% in EBITDA as compared to an EPS decline of 10%.  Consolidated orders of $1.55 billion exceeded revenue and was 7% higher compared with $1.45 billion in the prior year. This resulted in a consolidated company book-to-bill of $1.1 billion for the third quarter.  Turning to RF Communications. Third quarter revenue for the RF Communications segment was $550 million, about flat with the prior year. Prior year expedited shipments of tactical radios to equip MRAP vehicles created a distorted year-over-year comparison. Remember that Harris shipped $1 billion in MRAP program radios over the 5 quarters that ended in 1Q of fiscal 2011. While this is certainly a great testament to our leading radio technology and our commercial business model, this success produced some very tough quarters to beat in an already very successful business.  Operating income for the RF Communications segment was $179 million compared with non-GAAP operating income of $208 million in the prior year. Again, the prior year benefited from the MRAP shipments previously noted.  Operating margin in the quarter was very strong at 32.5%. And that's about 50 basis points higher than we had previously expected. And we believe these higher margins are sustainable going forward in fiscal 2012. Our new manufacturing facility is scheduled to be operational in July, further helping us to maintain our low-cost position and supporting healthy margins for the long run.  Tactical Communications revenue was $431 million in the quarter, about flat with the prior year. And we believe this was an excellent result given the difficult comparison. Deliveries to the MRAP program declined by $206 million year-over-year. Non-MRAP shipments to DoD customers increased significantly due to the adoption of our new Falcon III 117G wideband networking radio. And International revenue increased significantly comprising 1/2 of Tactical Communications' revenue during the third quarter.  Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue was $119 million in the third quarter, also flat with the prior year and continuing to reflect the constrained state and local government spending environment. However, we expect recent program wins to begin to drive sequential revenue improvement beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter.  RF Communications segment orders were $722 million in the quarter with a book-to-bill of $1.3 million, and segment backlog increased to $1.70 billion. Orders for Tactical Communications as part of that total were $351 million with a corresponding book-to-bill of 0.8. Backlog continues to be healthy, with Tactical Communications backlog standing at $981 million at the end of the third quarter.  U.S. DoD orders were slightly higher than revenue in the quarter, with international orders as expected slightly below revenue. Ongoing instability in the Middle East is likely to push about $100 million in orders previously planned for the back half of fiscal 2011 into fiscal 2012. It's important to note this is simply a timing issue. We haven't lost any orders. But given its likelihood at the present time, backlog at the end of our fiscal year is now expected to be in the range of $800 million to $900 million for Tactical Communications. This is still very healthy and continues to support our fiscal 2012 guidance.  Key orders in the U.S. market during the quarter included $70 million to deliver encryption devices and support services for the Blue Force Tracking system used by the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps. Total orders for these encryption devices and support now exceed $100 million. Also, $40 million from the Army for Falcon II HF vehicular systems; $23 million from the Air Force for Falcon III multiband handheld radios; and $9 million from the Army for HF radios for use in the Joint Biological Point Detection System. And this is an important new application for our communication systems.  The U.S. Department of Defense continues to accelerate its adoption of Harris Falcon III wideband networking radios, embracing our commercial enterprise business model. We continue to believe that legacy communications, which rely on large, heavy, single-band, single-mission radios used primarily for voice, are far beyond their useful life. The modern battlefield, where war fighters have to simultaneously deal with multiple threats, require high-bandwidth network communications capability driven down to individual soldiers. Their increasingly complex missions require video, e-mail, collaborative chat and multiple waveform application availability. The upgrade from narrowband to wideband radios will occur on a large scale, and Harris will continue to lead this transformation. Ultimately, the DoD installed base of legacy radios represents a $10 billion market opportunity for Harris.  Turning to International. Orders in the quarter came from diverse regions around the world and included multiple types of products and systems. They included $29 million from a country in Asia to provide the next phase of their integrated C4ISR project and a $22 million order from the same country for Falcon III Secure Personal Radios; $19 million from a country in Southeast Asia for Falcon III and Falcon II tactical radios; $11 million from the Australia Department of Defence for Falcon III tactical radios as part of their networked battlefield communication system; $10 million from an international customer to provide a secure tactical network communication system, and this one is comprised of Falcon III, Falcon II, as well as our public safety land mobile radios; a $10 million order from the Afghanistan National Army for Falcon III multiband, handheld tactical radios; and a $5 billion order from a nation in East Africa for Falcon II and Falcon III tactical radios.  Our fiscal 2012 outlook for Tactical Communications remains solid. We closed the third quarter with healthy opportunity pipelines: $1 billion in the U.S. market and $2.6 billion in international markets. While some of the increase from the previous International pipeline of $2 billion reflects the timing issues I referred to, most of the increase is due to additional new identified opportunities.  Our expanded regional hubs are playing a key role. In the U.K., we're serving Europe and Western Asia. In the United Arab Emirates, we're serving the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa; our new hub in Australia will be serving throughout Asia-Pacific; and our hub in Miami, Florida providing service to Latin America. Now all of these hubs are increasingly effective in securing new business for Harris. Each locations hosts sales and business development staff, a customer briefing center to show customers the capabilities of our products, along with system engineering and technical support resources. We're also continuing to expand our addressable markets by investing in new international products and by extending our reach into large, integrated communication systems projects.  Orders in Public Safety and Professional Communications in the third quarter were $371 million compared to $168 million in the prior year and included, most notably, a $291 million order to design and deploy the First Responder Radio Communications System throughout Alberta, Canada. This is a province-wide public safety communications network. And also, orders included $15 million from Dane County, Wisconsin to upgrade their public safety communications system with our digital P25 IP solution.  For the past several quarters, we've seen some opportunities in this market push out due to constrained state and local budgets. But on the positive side, we're finally beginning to see a pickup in new bid and proposal activity, and we view this as a very encouraging sign. Overall, our pipeline of public safety and professional communications opportunities remains large at $3 billion.  Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment in the quarter was $431 million, up 1% from the prior year. Revenue growth on a pro forma basis was about 7% higher in the quarter, and this is when you exclude the Field Data Collection Automation program for the U.S. Census Bureau, which declined by $24 million year-over-year as expected. Of course, the winding down of the 2010 Census program represents a total of $80 million in year-over-year revenue decline for fiscal 2011 in total. Revenue increased in the quarter on the GOES-R program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, as well as on the F-35 Lightning II fighter aircraft program for the DoD.  Slowing U.S. Government spending continued to impact revenue on several of our classified programs. I'll remind you that a portion of our Classified business consists of short-cycle programs. And these were hit particularly hard in the case of a continuing resolution where funding for new programs is not always available.  Segment operating income in the third quarter was $60 million, and operating margin was very strong at 13.9%. During the third quarter, we achieved several significant program wins in the business. And these included a $15 million delivery order from the Air Force for telemetry modules for the Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile program; also, a new 3-year contract to build Ka-band antennas for 3 Inmarsat-5 satellites, which will be the backbone of a worldwide wireless broadband network; and another order for a 3-year contract to build a 22-meter deployable L-band reflectors to support military and civilian communications in Mexico. Together, these programs have a combined value of more than $100 million and illustrate the current strength in the global satellite market; and finally, after the close of the quarter, Harris received an $11 million contract from the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.  We also introduced an important new capability this quarter we call the KnightHawk 3G. This is our ruggedized mobile tactical base station that, when it's combined with our Falcon III 117G wideband networking radio, enables war fighters on the move to maintain cellular services in locations with limited or no connectivity. The KnightHawk 3G allows war fighters to train, fight, communicate more effectively and report to commanders in real time regardless of their location.  Moving to the new Integrated Network Solutions segment. Revenue in the third quarter grew 23% to $463 million. Organic revenue was about flat compared with the prior year. Broadcast Communications showed strong revenue growth of 9%, while revenue declined in Harris' IT Services business as a result of the slowing U.S. Government spending, including the disruption caused by the continuing resolution.  Segment non-GAAP operating income was $32 million, 6.8% of sales. Operating income benefited both from acquisitions as well as much-improved performance in Broadcast Communications. Broadcast Communication business was profitable in the quarter and is still on target to be at breakeven for the fiscal year. That's a significant year-over-year improvement.  These profit improvements were partially offset, however, by an operating loss in the Cyber Integrated Solutions business. We talked about this last quarter as we continued to invest in this large and fast-growing market. Also, we talked about last quarter lower pricing and the contract extension for the Navy Marine Corps intranet program, and that's impacting year-over-year Harris IT Services margins.  Major Integrated Network Solutions orders or program wins in the quarter included 14 task orders totaling $150 million to provide C-, Ku- and X-band space segment capacity, monitoring and control, teleport services and operations and maintenance to DoD agency customers located around the world. Also, a $15 million contract extension from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for systems engineering services for their VistA imaging application. A $4 million contract to provide local operations and support to the U.S. Army Dental Command at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, Fort Campbell, Kentucky, Fort Bragg, North Carolina and internationally at bases in Korea and Germany.  We received a $9 million order from a country in Central Asia for our broadcast solutions, including master control rooms, production studios, playout and news centers.  Also in Broadcast, the contract for the installation of an advanced digital out-of-home and IPTV network for the new Madison Square Garden transformation project. More than 1,100 arena displays will deliver a dynamic viewing experience to fans at MSG going forward. This project will commence this summer and be completed for the 2013, 2014 season.  Continuing orders from traditional U.S. broadcast stations also were received in the quarter, including from Gray Communications, Cox Broadcasting and CBS. And we received a $10 million order from Virtual Computing Environment Corporation (sic) [Company], or VCE, for trusted enterprise cloud solutions. This is an important milestone for our Cyber Integrated Solutions business.  Harris also recently announced a strategic alliance with VCE and their majority owner, EMC, that's expected to accelerate the growth of cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service. As part of this strategic alliance, development teams from Harris, RSA and VCE are integrating patented Harris technologies within the VCE Vblock infrastructure platform. We expect together to deliver unparalleled levels of visibility, control, security, performance and availability in the cloud environment. EMC and VCE are also actively engaged in joint marketing with Harris to create Trusted Enterprise Cloud services demand.  Turning to the Healthcare Solutions business. We announced the formation of a joint venture with Johns Hopkins Medicine to develop next-generation, medical imaging management solutions. This collaboration brings together Harris' industry-leading health information capabilities and security technologies with Johns Hopkins renowned clinical expertise. The new image management solutions will be deployed first by the entire Johns Hopkins health system. And later, we'll market this to other hospitals and healthcare providers around the country.  At our broadcast team, we introduced the new Selenio media convergence platform to the U.S. market at the annual National Association of Broadcasters trade show. With Selenio, Harris introduced the industry's first integrated media convergence platform. Traditional broadcast and IP signal distribution together can require the use of up to 45 different components, 25 rack units of physical space, consume 2,500 watts of power and require 131 connector cables. Now let's compare that to Selenio. Distribution requires one single component, 3 rack units of vertical space, consumes only 600 watts of power and requires only 14 cables. So this is an amazing improvement, and we think will lead to rapid adoption of the new Selenio technology globally across broadcast customers.  We continue to believe the Integrated Network Support segment is well positioned to deliver future revenue growth and margin expansion. As we discussed during our Analyst Day in March, we expect this segment to grow faster than other segments and achieve margins of 11% to 12% by fiscal 2014. Let me now ask Harris CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on our financial results during the quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Our balance sheet continues to be strong. We ended the quarter with $885 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, of which $552 million was used to fund the acquisitions of Schlumberger GCS and Carefx, both of which closed on April 4, the first day of our fourth quarter. $870 million of the $1.05 billion under our 2 revolving credit facilities is available, and no long-term debt maturities come due until October of 2015. Return on invested capital remained strong at 21%, while return on equity was at 27%.  During the quarter, we used $50 million to repurchase 1.02 million shares of our outstanding stock at an average price of $49.02 per share, and we currently have $300 million authorization remaining under our share repurchase program. Cash flow from operations in the third quarter was weaker than expected primarily due to timing of U.S. Government funding and payments, decreasing $146 million to $168 million versus $314 million in the third quarter of the prior year. In light of this, we are decreasing our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2011 to a range of $775 million to $825 million, back to where we were with guidance as of the end of the first quarter and lower as compared to our most recent guidance of $800 million to $850 million.  Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $52 million as compared to $40 million for the third quarter of 2010, while capital expenditures were $88 million for the third quarter as compared to $94 million in the third quarter of the prior year. Including the acquisitions of Schlumberger GCS and Carefx, our guidance for depreciation and amortization and capital expenditures are both increasing by $5 million to ranges of $210 million to $220 million and $325 million to $345 million, respectively.  Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 31.7%, and our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2011 now is 33%. Our initial outlook for 2012 full year tax rate is 33.5%, however, the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events. Other areas of guidance for fiscal 2012 are as follows: cash flow from operations, $850 million to $900 million dollars; depreciation and amortization $280 million to $290 million; capital expenditures, including capitalized software of $275 million to $300 million.  Our current priorities for cash that is expected to be generated remain the same: funding internal investments to drive growth and generate higher earnings, pay appropriate dividends, acquire companies that meet our strategic objectives and enhance financial returns and repurchase shares.  In summary, we expect to finish fiscal 2011 on a very strong financial foundation with expectations for another very solid year in fiscal 2012. Let me now turn it back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me close with discussion about fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 guidance. We've updated our financial guidance for fiscal 2011 as follows. Consolidated revenue is now expected to be approximately $5.9 billion, and that's about 13% above fiscal 2010. That compares to our previously expected revenue target of about $6 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is unchanged from our previous guidance, still expected to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, again excluding acquisition-related costs and expenses, are now expected to be in a range from $1.22 billion to $1.24 billion, representing an EBITDA increase of 11% to 13% above fiscal 2010.  For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 guidance is unchanged. I'll just remind you that revenue is expected to be 9% to 10% higher than the prior year, and operating margin for the full year expected to be between 34% and 35%.  For Government Communications Systems, we now expect revenue for 2011 to be flat to 2% higher in fiscal 2010. Previous range was 3% to 5% higher. Segment operating margin is it still expected to be between 12.5% and 13%.  And for the Integrated Network Solutions segment, we now expect revenue in a range of 33% to 35% higher than fiscal 2010, and that compares to our previous range of 36% to 38%. And again, it's due to the government budget impact at Harris IT Services. Organic growth is now expected to be in a range of 4% to 6% over the prior year. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is now expected to be a bit higher at 5% to 7%. Previous margin guidance was in a range of 5% to 6%.  So that's a recap of 2011. Let me now move on to fiscal 2012. You'll recall we initiated guidance for 2012 in March. And today, I'll update that guidance, provide more color around our 3 operating segments.  Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2012 is expected to be between 7% and 10% higher than fiscal 2011, with revenue between $6.3 billion and $6.5 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is still expected to be in a range of $5.10 to $5.20 per diluted share. So no change in our guidance for non-GAAP EPS. And this range represents a year-over-year increase of 5% to 7%.  Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, excluding acquisition-related costs, is expected to be in a range from $1.34 billion to $1.38 billion. That's a strong year-over-year increase in EBITDA of 9% to 12%.  Turning to color around the segments. For RF Communications, fiscal 2012 revenue is expected to be 2% to 4% higher than fiscal 2011. With Tactical Communications business, about flat with the prior year, reflecting lower DoD revenue, as we indicated at the March Analyst Meeting, and, correspondingly, higher International revenue. Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue is also expected to be higher in 2012. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range from 32% to 33%.  For the Government Communications Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2012 to be 3% to 5% higher than fiscal 2011. Segment operating margins are expected to be about 13%. And for our new Integrated Network Solutions segment, we expect revenue in a range of 18% to 20% higher than fiscal 2011, representing organic growth in a range of 9% to 11% compared to the prior year. Non-GAAP segment operating margin is expected to be between 6% and 8%. That's about 100 basis points above fiscal 2011 expectations. We expect margins to grow faster in this segment beyond fiscal 2012 when the recent acquisitions have been fully integrated and we receive the full benefits of integration. With that, I will stop. I'll ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carter Copeland of Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Howard, just a quick question, a couple of quickies. Well, I wondered if you might provide a little bit more color on the delays you're seeing internationally as a result of the Mideast activities and whether or not that's funding related or just contracting and government busy with other things. What's the story there? And did you see all of those delays this quarter? Or is there a bit of a guess for how much might move out of the upcoming quarters when compared to second half?
Howard Lance: Yes, so the combined impact, we think, is about $100 million in tactical orders. There's no one item. It's a combination of things. Orders that are going through the U.S. FMS process are moving more slowly because of the continuing budget resolution. And then you have situations like in Iraq where we're expecting to get an order from the Ministry of Defense, except they haven't elected the new Minister of Defense who by law has to sign the order. So it's a series of relatively small things, but they add up to about $100 million. We expect to get those orders in the first half of next year. And we're not expecting that any of those will have a material impact on fiscal year '12. We will start the year with a little less backlog but still very adequate backlog and order pipeline to reach the guidance we've provided for the year-over-year, essentially maintaining our revenue with DoD lower as we've been talking now for several quarters, offset by higher International business.
Carter Copeland - Lehman Brothers: Great. That's very helpful. And another quick follow-up maybe for Gary. With respect to the step-up that's implied in the fourth quarter for the INS margins after the past few quarters in a kind of 4% to 5% range, what's going on there that's driving that step-up especially given the rate guidance? Is that just not a repeat of any losses in cyber integration? Or how should we be thinking about what's driving that progression?
Gary McArthur: Well, there are several pieces to it, Carter. I think some of it, some of the integration that we've been working on with CapRock has taken place. And so we expect to have benefits there. Obviously, we are now merging that with Schlumberger, which has its own integration aspects to it. We've got the business now of Carefx coming in, which does carry a little higher margin where it's being integrated in with the Healthcare businesses. And so it's several different parameters that are causing it. I can't pick just want. But Howard, you wanted to comment as well?
Howard Lance: Yes, just to say, Carter, that if you look at the 8-K where we restated the segments, I think you'll find that the margin has now the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year and that the segment moved between 5% to 7%. So we're very much in the range guidance for the year, and the fourth quarter is going to be about in the same part of that range. And the continued improvement in broadcast is helping us on the positive as well as the contribution from Harris CapRock. And serving to offset a little bit of that is we expect the losses in Cyber to accelerate a little bit as we turn on the Cyber Integrated Solutions facility and business on June 1 and start to take some of the depreciation on the equipment there.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Could you give us -- you told us that the year-over-year decline was an MRAP-related sale. Could you quantify what the absolute numbers were like you did last quarter, please?
Howard Lance: In this quarter, I think there were maybe $20 million, $30 million of MRAP. So last year, we add $206 million to that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. And I know you mentioned the Tactical Communication orders list from a foreign side. You've been running book-to-bill under one for the past 3 quarters. I mean, at what point should we be worried about, if we don't get the order, we got to worry about the fiscal '12 forecast jut given lead times and the like?
Howard Lance: Well, I don't think we have to worry about it at this point. Obviously, we've provided our segment guidance today and believe that we can achieve parity, plus or minus, in revenue of Tactical Comms next year versus this year. We're going to be starting '12 with less backlog than we started '11, but we're going to be starting with a lot more backlog than we started fiscal '10 and pretty comparable backlog, plus or minus, to what we started fiscal '09. So it's really, as you know, a combination of the backlog then coupled with the orders that you get. When you get those orders, then your ability to turn them. We have a pretty efficient process. We'll have the new manufacturing facility online, significantly more capacity in place. And so I think we're going to benefit from that new facility both in terms of being able to turn orders into revenue quickly but also turn orders into revenue at even more competitive cost. So at this point, not concerned. And as we go forward to the next call and get into the fiscal year, we'll talk about any seasonality that we expect in terms of how we expect to deliver on the comparable Tactical Communications revenue. Does that make sense?
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes, it does. I guess one other one, just the high-level piece. We're in a constrained DoD budget environment. That's obvious. We've had now, too, or we're about to have a change of Defense Secretary. JTRS GMR still appears to be an underperforming program. I mean, what are the milestones that might actually set in motion the restructuring and/or cancellation of that? Do you have any sense for the milestones that will give your products a better opportunity to compete more formally in the DoD budget?
Howard Lance: Yes, I think there are several continuing milestones. Certainly, the testing that is anticipated this summer that we've spoken about previously is going to be an important milestone. We think we're very well positioned with the only field-deployed, proven, NSA-certified technology. So we think that's a huge lead that we have. Secondly, we've recently seen a request for information kind of out of the JTRS JPEO office, essentially asking for what they call nondevelopmental solutions for the GMR specification. Translated in our view, meaning already developed, commercially developed technologies. Again, we think we're the only ones in a position to really meet the full spec and the time frame that they will want so that we can continue to deploy technologies to the brigade combat teams in Afghanistan and around the world. So I certainly like our position more and more as it relates to the Falcon III technology. And then, finally, remember we're going to be porting the SRW waveform very quickly into the Falcon III handheld, and so we're going to have some amount of networking capability using the SRW networking waveform even in the handheld. And you couple that with the announcement we made on the KnightHawk 3G capability to link battlefield tactical networks to 3G cellular networks, and I just believe we continue to widen the lead that we have. That doesn't mean there won't be competition. Certainly, there'll be competition. But when it comes down to who can really deliver today, I think we're in a very strong position.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Pakas [ph] with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Unknown Analyst - : I just -- is there any way to quantify the potential opportunity out of the GMR program at this point or there's just too much speculation?
Howard Lance: We can talk in the future about the parameters. I don't have all of those numbers in my head. There are literally billions of dollars of procurements expected over a period of years as they deploy the JTRS-based technology in vehicular applications. So it's a big, big market. And I think what's yet to be determined is exactly what the uptake of that will be. I commented in my prepared remarks that there's $10 billion of radios deployed today that basically do one thing: They're single-band, single-mission, noncompatible with JTRS, and there's about another $2.5 billion of radios that are compatible with JTRS but aren't wideband networking. So you have this huge market in DoD that will be upgraded and transformed over time, and it's really just a question of when. We believe that the capabilities that we are providing will accelerate the adoption. When you see what the radios can do, it continually impresses the leadership in DoD, which causes them to become proponents of investing budget dollars in these tactical radio deployments because they lead to more effective missions and ultimately save lives. So those are the best, most positive attributes you can have for your technologies.
Unknown Analyst - : Great stuff. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Larry Harris with CL King & Associates.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc: I wanted to talk a bit about the cyber security area. A day doesn't go by where you hear about another network that has been attacked. And so I was wondering if, say, in the past 30, 60, 90 days you've see additional interest either from commercial or government customers that could, say, help the profits or performance of this business in fiscal 2012?
Howard Lance: Larry, the answer would be absolutely yes, I think from a wide variety of commercial and government clients. And almost a week doesn't go by that we hear of another cyber -- successful cyber attack or issues related to security, for example taking down one of the Amazon cloud computing sites. So I am more convinced every week that we're exactly in the right place, and we're developing discriminating technology. On the flipside, the adoption of cloud computing is hard to predict and whether -- and what the uptake of orders and turning that into revenue for us, which ultimately would drive profitability is still an estimate. And I think we'll be monitoring very closely our funnel. We'll be monitoring the uptake of new orders. We are off to a good start but have pretty high expectations for '12 and beyond. So we'll pay close attention to that. But overall, I don't believe this is a question of if we will be successful or cloud computing will take off or security and access to what's going on and compliance inside your cloud will be required. I think its more a question of when and what will the actual uptake be with the new market. That's sometimes difficult to peg. But there's no question interest is high, lots of meetings, lots of proposals, and then we'll have to see how those work through the funnel and turn into revenue. We have a pretty high fixed cost in that business. Once we get above that, it's going to leverage profitability very, very well. But we've got to get to that breakeven point first.
Operator: Your next question is the line of Josh Sullivan of Gleacher & Company.
Josh Sullivan: On the CapRock business, you had mentioned that TCS was more capital intensive versus the comps modeled that the legacy CapRock business followed. I'm Just wondering if you've made any strategic decisions as far as you pursuing one or the other at this point.
Howard Lance: No, we haven't. I think there was maybe a small difference. And neither of them are hugely capital intensive, a little more capital intensive than our traditional businesses at Harris but still relatively low capital. And it has a lot to do with whether the customer rolls into the monthly costs for providing services, the very small aperture antenna terminal or not. And the more they include that, then the more the capital is a little bit higher. Other customers sometimes prefer to pay for that, capitalize it themselves, and then just buy the various services from us. So there is a variety. But I wouldn't expect it to be materially different across those 2 businesses as we put them together. We are still engaged, and you may also be thinking about discussions we've had about kind of the make-or-buy question. CapRock traditionally bought VSATs and Schlumberger GCS, designed and manufactured their own line of VSATs. And so we certainly have that make-or-buy analysis going on to determine which makes the best sense from a cost standpoint as well as from a differentiation and solution standpoint.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc: And so the follow-up. How should we look at the VCE order as it relates to the volumes? I think you had mentioned that you're going to operate this segment more on cycle times or use. I'm just trying to get an idea of how we should look at that order.
Howard Lance: Well, I'm not sure I have a lot of color to give you around it other than it's a $10 million contract. It's providing services to VCE and perhaps to some of the affiliated companies. And it is, we feel, an important first step. It's our second client on board now, and we look forward to being able to hopefully talk about additional ones once we finally open the door here on June 1 and move forward again. To the previous question, there's lots, lots of discussion, lots of interest. And some of this, I think, though is going to take us to open the doors and then be able to show clients through our portal, what's different about our services than that kind of consumer-grade services that you're going to get from an Amazon or a Google, our price point's going to be higher because what we're going to be delivering in security and compliance and control is going to be a lot higher. And so I think while we talk about a lot of that now, to some extent it's brochureware until you're actually operating the center.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Wheeler of Buckingham Research.
Edward W. Wheeler: I wondered if you could circle back and help me on the timing on this request for nondevelopmental solutions for GMR. Now with that -- how long will that take to work its way through? And when would the next news event from that be expected?
Howard Lance: I'm not sure we have a timeline, so this will just be kind of my opinion, Ted. But my opinion is that they already know how the tests are going to run this summer, and they're trying to get ahead of that cycle by starting with the RFI, request for information, and then they'll follow it with an RFP, which will then go to selection. I don't know whether that will be a couple of quarters or longer, but I wouldn't expect it to be much longer than that. And depending on the needs for the next capability set deployments, it might be faster rather than slower. But there is a cycle, as you know. It's RFI or RFP and then award. And I think the fact that they've start the RFI before the tests is a little bit of a leading indicator of how they expect the tests to turn out.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And one other question on timing. What about the Alberta program? How will that sort of play out, I guess, on a run rate or duration or both, is the second.
Howard Lance: I think the deployment in total is over maybe 3 years. We'll have a material amount of revenue in fiscal '12 from that program. I don't think there's much in fiscal '11, just a little bit. And to remind you with these programs, I think it's pretty typical, what we will be doing during the initial deployment phases is putting in the systems and the infrastructure along with our partners. That's typically a little lower margin business. And then toward the end of it are the opportunities to sell the terminals, both portable as well as mobile, and much higher margin opportunities. So we'll expect to see pickup in revenue, certainly profitability, but not at the level we'll ultimately get to when we're able to deploy the terminals into the completed system. So at any given time, we've got a large number of these projects at different phases. But given that we took over the business, it wasn't growing all that much. We've had good success in growing it. We still have a lot of programs that are kind of toward the front end of that cycle. I think we talked about that previously as it relates to our margins. So some of the margin uptake in this business that's going to feed into the segment is going to come from the mix of what we're selling. Not necessarily that there's a lot of costs coming out but more that as the mix gets higher for selling terminals or radios, the margins are going to be better than when you're selling a higher percentage of systems.
Edward W. Wheeler: And I guess just lastly, how's the pipeline, I guess, of conversations on programs? Not on maybe of that magnitude but these tend to be big programs for public safety. Are there still ample folks being approached just working towards something?
Howard Lance: Yes, there are. The pipeline is about $3 billion. It's been pretty steady even as we've been winning programs. So that suggests that others are coming in. We see this contrast day to day. They're not hiring a lot of additional police officers or firefighters. So the day to day add-on sales for an additional base station, for more capacity or more radios for more people we're not seeing. That's where budgets are absolutely being constrained because of state and local revenue income. On the other hand, the big projects continue to move along. Many of them are already funded, either funded through federal grants or they're funded through revenue-producing kinds of services or fee-based. In Florida, for example, the statewide network, its income from licenses of various kinds. So there's still a number that are out there. There are still a lot of very old technology, analog technology that needs to be upgraded. There's still a requirement for going to this narrow banding so they can give up frequency for the other uses. And then, finally, you've got the opportunity being offered by the introduction of this LTE fourth generation of broadband technology. And we think we're going to be in a very strong position to integrate, converge networks of LTE 4G for wideband along with our traditional narrowband LMR radio technology. So we're feeling very positive about the market. We wish that the state and local funds were a little clear as it related to the higher margin add-on kind of business. But overall, I think we're very pleased with the progress we've made since we bought the business. Have some new leadership in place. Very pleased with how that is coming along. Very pleased with the strides that we've made in the sales organization, sales leadership, channel partners, having signed up a couple of Motorola dealers. To me, lots of positive signs. It never comes as quickly as we want, but the progress is definitely a there.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Sounds great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josephine Schmiller [ph] of Benchmark Company.
Unknown Analyst - : Congratulations on your Cyber order. Howard, can you talk about what you're expecting from Cyber in '12, and what a breakeven point might look like?
Howard Lance: Well, I don't want to be that quite specific from a competitive standpoint. But certainly, we have made investments now of north of $175 million as it relates to all the infrastructure, including customer-facing equipment, maybe even approaching $200 million. So it's fair to say that you've got to get revenue certainly, let's say, well above $50 million to be able to, even at very high gross margins, cover those fixed costs and fixed expenses. Our expectations are higher than that. And as I said earlier on the call, we'll have to see how to takeup is. I think this is a business where we don't want to be too short term in our thinking or we won't invest and we'll miss what is what we expect -- and we're not the experts on this, what everyone in the market expects to be a major transformation in how IT is delivered to users over the next decade. We've got a strong leadership position, some very discriminating technology. And I really don't want us to be penny-wise and pound foolish. I think that will be a mistake for the opportunity to build long-term shareholder value. Having said that, we're going to try and match expenses to revenue as best we can. And we've tried to bake into our guidance for next year expectations as it relates to our Cyber business that we can meet.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, I have a follow-up question on JTRS. The Army recently talked about trying to stop funding, R&D funding for the JTRS GMR radio. What do you think happened to the $1 billion in the '11 defense budget allocated to JTRS? It seems a big chunk of that is related to GMR R&D and will that flow-through, the upcoming solicitation? Can you comment on that Howard?
Howard Lance: Well, we can't say for sure, but we certainly hope that a portion of that will go not for R&D of a radio that is not going to be competitively priced based on its features but that it will go toward procurement so that we can put more radios in the hands of our war fighters. So certainly, that's what we are promoting, and I think a lot of people are starting to turn that direction. And it's very logical given the performance of the Falcon III radios in the field. So we're certainly very, very optimistic. But until the '12 budgets are approved, everything is still up for negotiation. We are certainly engaged in that to the extent possible and trying to influence a positive outcome for Harris.
Unknown Analyst - : Sounds good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Nadol of JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: It'll be very quick, Pam. I have a couple of quick ones, and I'll ask them at once. One is, just mechanically with the sales guidance coming down a little bit, what's the offset to keep EPS the same after both this year and next year? And the second question is, a very significant increase in that pipeline, the International pipeline from $2 billion to $2.6 billion, so 30%, $100 million of that is the slip presumably. And so it's a $0.5 billion increase. And Howard, I was wondering if you could talk about and maybe give a little more color as to what's in there? Is that the systems emphasis you've been talking about? Is that just geographical? Just anything more you can give.
Howard Lance: Well, to your second question first, I would love to be able to be more specific country by country. But increasingly, and you're seeing this in our reports, we're not able to divulge the individual countries. Security and deployment of these technologies is becoming more and more of an issue. So I really can't go country by country. I can tell you that it's a well diversified mix of opportunities. It's our traditional tactical radios, it's our new products like the Falcon fighter, the secure personal radio, high-capacity line of sight, high-capacity data radios and a mix of services and systems that we wrap around that. But it's a very good cross-section, and I think real opportunities. You can imagine I'm a skeptic when I see that kind of an increase. And we've scrubbed the pipeline to make sure it's real, and we're very comfortable that it is. To your first point in terms of the FY '11, Gary talked about a little better on the tax rate, and we also raised about 100 basis points, the expectation for the new Integrated Network Solutions return on sales for '11. So that's offsetting the margins associated with the $100 million in revenue in government programs and IT services. We haven't provided that level of detail in '12. We felt we had adequate comfort in the guidance we've provided to maintain the EPS guidance even in the face again of about $100 million lower revenue. So we're still very comfortable in our growth rates and margins for next year. I think '12 is going to turn out to be a good year for us as we go forward.
Pamela Padgett: All right, operator. And everyone on the call, thank you so much. Appreciate you joining us.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alicia, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Harris’s. second quarter fiscal 2011 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section on our website. And with that, Howard, I'll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam, and I want to welcome all of you to our second quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. Harris’s second quarter results were excellent with contributions from all of operating segments. RF communications posted strong international growth. Government communication systems showed continued stability with better than industry average margins. And we saw good improvement in Broadcast Communication results. I am please to report that the previously announced Schlumberger’s Global Connectivity Services acquisition is still expected to close in our third fiscal quarter. GCS-add scale to our global managed satellite communications services business, expands our global footprint and further diversifies the company into faster-growing markets.  When combined with the previous acquired CapRock Communications business, this merger will create exciting new channels to provide Harris Assured Communications solutions to both government and commercial customers alike.” Our consolidated revenue in the second quarter was $1.44 billion. That was 18% higher than the prior year. On an organic basis when we adjust for the impact of acquisitions, revenue increased by a strong 9%. Non-GAAP income, which exclude acquisition related costs was a $155 million in the second quarter or $1.20 per diluted share, that was a 12% compared with the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and also excluding acquisition related costs was $296 million in the quarter and a 11% increase compared to the prior year. Consolidated orders in the second quarter were $1.41 billion, about even with the very strong $1.42 billion in the prior year quarter. Off course the prior year benefited significantly from tactical radio orders for MRAPs and M-ATVs for the U.S. Department of Defense. Second quarter revenue for the RF Communication segment was $545 million, 18% higher compared to the prior year. Operating income was $189 million and operating margin for the segment continued very strong at 35% due to favorable product mix and continuing operating efficiencies. Second quarter orders for the RF segment were $391 million, segment backlog of $1.52 billion at the end of the quarter remains high and is expected to rise in the second half of our fiscal year thanks to several large multiyear contract wins that were awarded during and following the close of the quarter. These wins included the greater than $300 million international tactical radio contract. The province wide Alberta, Canada first responder program and the statewide Oregon Wireless interoperability network contract. Tactical communications revenue was $426 million in the quarter; increasing 20% compared to the prior year. Revenue growth was driven by strong international deliveries on multiyear modernization programs for Pakistan, Australia and Iraq. As well as an uptick in the U.S Department of Defense adoption of the company’s new line of Falcon III radios. These increases were partially offset by fewer radio deliveries for the military’s MRAP vehicles program. The remaining $80 million of the fiscal 2010 MRAP backlog was shipped during this quarter. And that compares to a $195 million in MRAP shipments in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. The positive note however is that even with this significant decline in MRAP deliveries we were able top more than take up the slack through higher shipments of our Falcon III radios such that the total US DoD revenue in the quarter actually increased year over year by 4% Orders for tactical communications were $300 million in the quarter. The corresponding book to bill of 0.70 and compared to orders in the prior year of $554 million. Tactical communications backlog was a healthy $1.06 billion at the end of the quarter. We expect year end Tactical Commutations backlog to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range. So our U.S. Tactical Radio business remains healthy and is benefiting from strong customer demand for our next generation Falcon III Radios. These are being procured to address a wide range of applications for both ongoing operations as well communications modernization. Our second quarter closed with a healthy U.S. opportunity pipeline of $1.2 billion. Orders in the U.S. market during the quarter included $24.5 million from the U.S. Army and the U.S. Department of Defense for Falcon III handheld and vehicular tactical systems. $16 million from a DoD customer for development of a new waveform incorporated into the Harris Falcon III radios. $11 million for the U.S. Air Force and U.S. DoD for Falcon III hand held and vehicular tactical radio systems. $10.5 million from the U.S. Department of Defense for Falcon III wide band manpack radios. $5.5 million from the U.S. Marine Corp for Falcon III wide band vehicular radio systems and finally $5.5 million from the U.S. DoD for Falcon II tactical radios for use in MRAP vehicles. Turning to international markets, orders in the second quarter increased significantly, driven by initial of over $100 million as part of our multiyear contract that exceeds $300 million for an unidentified international government customer. Other international orders in the quarter included a $9 million order from Brazil to provide HF radio equipment and an $8 million order from Mexico for both, Falcon II and Falcon III radios. A pipeline of international opportunities even with this order activity remained strong at $2 billion. We see tremendous future opportunities in the countries where we are already selling radios, including Iraq, Australia, Pakistan, Mexico and our latest, undisclosed international customer. In the longer term, opportunities in these countries alone are about $1.5 billion, with about half of that value falling outside of our 15-month opportunity pipeline. Our competitive position is as strong as ever. We continue to invest to meet the evolving needs of the war fighter at an affordable cost.Our Falcon III Handheld continues to be the most widely deployed JTRS approved radio. Our Falcon III 117G manpac is being deployed in increasing numbers by all branches of the U.S. armed forces (Inaudible) secured wide band networking connectivity. This connectivity is enabling a host of new applications, including biometrics, tactical trap, and the broader dissemination of live ISR video to greatly enhance the mission effectiveness of our forces on the battlefield. Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue was $119 million in the second quarter. That was a 10% increase over the prior year. Although the constrained state and local spending environment is not recovering as fast as we had previously expected, we continue to see modest growth in both, revenue and earnings this year in a flat-to-declining market. Recent major awards and the eventual pickup of the state and local market as a result of an improving economy should help drive faster growth next fiscal year in the Public Safety business. Orders in Public Safety and Professional Communications in the second quarter were $91 million. And they included a $15 million order from Monterey County, California to design and deploy a new public safety radio system. The new system will improve coverage, reliability and communication interoperability between local, county, state and federal First Responders and a $7 million order from Dayton Power & Light Company for M22 OpenSky communication system to manage both voice and data traffic. In addition, this communication system will include our new SG5300 data-only radio, which is used in smart grid data applications. It’s important to note that after the close of the quarter, Harris was selected by the State of Oregon as the radio system and service provider for the Oregon Wireless Interoperability Network, also known as OWIN. The state of Oregon awarded Harris this 10-year price agreement requirements contract. The contract vehicle will be used by State and local agencies to purchase public safety, communication systems, radios and related equipment and is expected to have a total value of more than $100 million. So to summarize the RF segment; a strong backlog, the announced new business wins, a robust opportunity pipeline and our continued excellent progress in fielding the Falcon III family radios are all expected in to contribute and result in a strong fiscal 2011 and to support sustained earnings in fiscal 2012. Revenue in the Government Communication System segment was $776 million in the second quarter. That was 20% higher compared with the prior year. Organic revenue growth excluding acquisitions was about 3% in the quarter. Revenue growth was driven by contributions from the July 2010 acquisition of CapRock Communications, by the GOES-R Ground segment program, the expansion of the GOES-R program to include the Ground antenna component and our Healthcare solutions and IT Services businesses. The segment experienced revenue decline on several classified programs and as expected a $20 million year-over-year revenue decline related to the wide down of the 2010 census program. This program will be completely finished by the end of our fiscal year. Non GAAP segment operation income in the second quarter was $86 million; and operating margin was strong at 11%. This compares with non GAAP operating income of $88 million in the prior year quarter. In the second quarter we achieved several significant program wins in this core business including a nine year potential $273 million Canadian follow-on contract from the government of Canada for the CF-18 optimized OWSS weapon system support program. Harris will provide engineering services to support fighter-aircraft avionic systems Also a six year $80 million contract from a classified customer, a 30 month $42 million from Sierra Nevada Corporation to supply radar electronics for satellite that will provide military commanders in the field with timely, high-resolution radar imagery of the earth’s surface. We also were awarded a four-year $19 million contract from the State of Florida, Agency for Healthcare Administration to implement a statewide health information exchange or HIE. They will improve the delivery and coordination of healthcare across the state. And finally, $11 million contract from the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport Authority to provide network security upgrades and expansion for the third busiest airport in the world. Harris CapRock Communications contributed $96 million of revenue in the second quarter and was essentially flat with their prior year quarter. Revenue was higher in their Maritime, International Energy and U.S. government markets that was offset by lower indirect government revenue in the Middle East and the weaker U.S. energy market. The oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and its impact on new drilling is now expected to result in more modest year-over-year growth in revenue and earnings at CapRock than originally forecasted. We believe however these headwinds will be short-lived. Significant new wins at CapRock in the quarter included an $80 million option year extension on the Defense Information Systems Network Access Transport Services contracts known as DATS with the Defense Information Systems Agency. Also three contracts totaling $7 million from Intelligence Agency customers to provide satellite bandwidth logistics and related communication services, and a five year $6 million contract with Shahin, Brazil to provide data voice and internet service to three drilling ships operating in the Campos basin. Harris CapRock Communications was also named as one of the first government contractors added to the new sections of the General Service Administration’s, Federal Supply Schedule 70 IDIQ contract vehicle. This move provides government customers with additional access to our subscription services and least bandwidth. Before leaving the Government Communication Systems segment, let me take a few minutes to talk about two of our key organic growth initiatives going forward.Healthcare Solutions and Cyber Integrated Solutions. Our Healthcare Solutions business continues to grow and is expected to now reach over $100 million in revenue this year at about 10% operating margins. We continue to win new government contracts, such as the previously mentioned $19 million project for the State of Florida. We've also been working on some key partnerships to assist us in pursuing additional commercial healthcare opportunities. We’ll talk to you more about those partnerships and our strategy at our Investor Day in March. We’ll also talk a lot about our new Cyber Integrated Solutions business at the upcoming Investor Day. We will complete the initial build out of our Cyber Integrations Center located in Harrisonburg, Virginia around the end of this quarter and we will begin to offer our trusted Enterprise Cloud Hosting Services. We’ve accelerated our investments in this business in fiscal 2011 to take advantage of our proprietary security technology and systems architecture as well as to take advantage of the accelerated depreciation tax credits. Fiscal 2011 capital expenditures for the Cyber Integration Center are now expected to be about $120 million and we are absorbing about $20 million in operating losses for this business within the segment P&L. We are currently finalizing a multi-million dollar service contract with a blue chip launch customer which will extend over multiple years. We’ll talk more about that at the Investor Day. We remain very confident that our cyber business will be a significant contributor to revenue and earnings growth in the future as we offer a differentiated trusted cloud computing environment to host customer data and their applications. In the Broadcast Communications segment, revenue in the second quarter grew 11% to $130 million compared with the prior-year quarter of $117 million. The segment operating loss was $1 million compared with $5 million in the prior year and including $1 million of charges in both quarters for cost-reduction actions. Orders in the quarter $134 million, compared with the prior year of $139 million and $135 million in the first quarter. We saw a number of encouraging signs in our business. We accomplished year-over-year revenue growth , a book-to-bill of greater than one for the second quarter in a row and operating results nearing breakeven. Major order in the quarter broadcast included a $4 million order from Mustafa Sultan Security company following a competitive procurement for the built-out of a video distribution network in the country of Oman. This represents the first order for a new Selenio [ph] baseband and IP networking product line. We also received a $4 million order from CTV Television in Canada for television transmitters. This is the first major purchase of Harris transmitters by CTV and represents a significant commitment and validation of our new UHF and VHF product platforms. And finally a $3 million order from Vitatech SA in Argentina for transmitters, encoders, multiplexers and our navigator software to support their role of DTV services throughout the country. With that let me now ask Harris CFO Garry McArthur to comment on our financial results in the quarter.
Garry McArthur: Thank you Howard. We continue to operate from a very solid financial base. As of quarter end we had $741 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, $720 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility and all of our $300 million 364 day revolving credit facility available. In the second quarter we generated $94 million of operating cash flow bringing our cash flow from operations for the first sis months of this fiscal year to $389 million; well ahead of the cash flow operation for the first six months of last year of $321 million. All three operating segments generated positive cash flow in the quarter. Based on our strong first half results, we are increasing our guidance for cash flow from operation from a range of $775 million to $825 million to an new range of $800 million to $850 million. During the quarter we issued $400 million of 10 year term debt at the coupon of 4.4%, $300 million of 30 year term debt at a coupon of 6.15% and paid-off substantially all of the commercial paper issued in conjunction with the acquisition of CapRock Communications. Our current plan is to use available cash on hand for the acquisition of Schlumberger GCS which is expected to close in the third quarter. By the way none of our guidance as provided in the earnings release or this call includes the expected financial results of Schlumberger GCS. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $49 million as compared to the $39 million in the second quarter of the prior year. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal 2011 are unchanged to $205 million to $215 million. Capital expenditures were $67 million for the second quarter as compared to $22 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. We have increased our fiscal year 2011 CapEx guidance from our previous range of $250 million to $275 million to a new range of $320 million to $340 million. The increase is primarily related to accelerating the build out of our cyber integration center and other growth initiatives. During the second quarter, Congress extended the R&D tax credit with its catch-up effect impacting the quarter favorably by $0.05 per diluted share. Though not in the second quarter guidance we provided as we chose not to guess when Congress would enact this legislation, it was included in our annual guidance and has no impact on our expected full year effective tax rate that remains at 33.5%. Finally, we bought back $50 million of outstanding common stock at an average price $4.13 and we have 350 million remaining in authorization under our share repurchase program. Back to you Howard.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Gary. As we turn to outlook we are maintaining our previous financial guidance for fiscal 2011 with some ups and downs in the individual segments as compared to our previous outlook. Consolidated revenue is still expected to be at the high end of the range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 15% above fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition related cost is still expected to be in a range from $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Non-GAAP earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; again excluding acquisition related costs, is now expected to be in a range of $1.22 billion to $1.24 billion, representing an EBITDA increase of 11% to 13% above fiscal 2010 and $10 million above our previous guidance range of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion. For RF Communication segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is now expected to be 9% to 10% higher than fiscal 2010, and this is slightly lower as a result of slower growth in Public Safety and Professional Communications, partially offset by stronger than expected Tactical Communications revenue. However, segment operating margin for the year is now expected to be higher, at about 32% in the back half of the year and between 34% and 35% for the full-year as a result of product mix and operating efficiency. For the Government Communications Systems segment, we now expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 21% higher in fiscal 2010. The core government systems and services revenue is still expected to be very strong at 6% to 8%, even in the face of the U.S. budget continuing resolution. We have reduced expected revenue contribution from the CapRock Communications acquisition, to a range of $360 million to $370 million. Overall segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 10.5% for the fiscal year, as a result of slightly lower CapRock revenue and the accelerated investment in our Cyber Integrated Solutions business. And for the Broadcast Communication segment, we now expect revenue in a range of $520 million to $540 million, that’s 7% to 11% higher than fiscal 2010 results with breakeven operating results. I remain optimistic about our ability to achieve revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2012 and we will discuss our strategy in more detail at our March Investor Day, which I hope you can all join. But for now, let me take a minute and give you some takeaways. We believe our core government systems and services business should continue to outperform its peers. As a result in past program wins and strong program execution. Our core RF Tactical Communication business is seeing strong international demand and the increasing adoption of our commercial business model with the U.S. Department of Defense versus the JTRS programs in record. We’re seeing improving economy that will provide healthier state and local budgets and along with our recently announced major program wins contract revenue and profit growth in our Public Safety & Professional Communications business. Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to resume and international energy markets are very robust. Our international position will be further enhanced by the pending acquisition of Schlumberger’s Global Connectivity Services business where we’ll create a global leader in managed satellite services for the energy, maritime and government markets. Our broadcast communications business performance has improved and offers the opportunity to contribute to future earnings growth and lastly our continued investments in attractive adjacent growth markets including healthcare and cyber integrated solutions should provide a robust funnel of new opportunities for revenue and profit growth going forward. At this time I’ll ask the operator to open the line and we’ll be pleased to take your questions
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen [operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Pete Skibitski from Suntrust
Peter Skibitski: Hi I had a question  -  few questions on I wonder if you could parse RF orders bit of into the military side, the orders and revenue for us between domestic and international.
Garry McArthur: Certainly for the year we continue to believe that orders will be greater than 50% from international and less than 50% from DoD.
Peter Skibitski: Okay, and then can you give us some color on what would drive kind of the incremental overflow from some of your big international customers like I think Pakistan, Australia, Iraq. I think you have already got some pretty sizable orders from them. Can you give some color on what going to drive upside there?
Garry McArthur: Well I believe in general in those big international markets Pete, what we are talking about are long-term modernization programs where we have been selected as the supplier of choice and then we see the phased in release of orders as certain milestones are achieved. So in those five or six countries that we mentioned, there is about $1.5 billion of total program value that we believe we will receive, about half of that is included in the $2 billion pipeline of opportunities that we talk about when we say international. The other half of that would be sitting out beyond 15 months. So it would be tailend of fiscal 2012 or more likely fiscal 2013. All of this is intended to give you a level of comfort that on these large international multiyear modernization programs, we’re awarded the program sometimes an umbrella contract such as the undisclosed country contract we just talked about and then we get the actual orders over a period of quarters or years, but overall a very robust, certainly not all of the businesses within those five or six countries but it’s a big chunk and we wanted to highlight that the opportunities in those countries even extended out beyond the 15 month horizon that we usually speak to.
Peter Skibitski: That’s great. And just, so I understand that the $2 billion international pipeline, you’re basically saying that you can convert that into revenue over the next 15 months or orders over the next 15 months?
Howard Lance: We’re saying that’s the opportunity for new orders, we don’t expect to win a 100% of that. We certainly expect to win a 100% of these blanket contracts that we’ve been awarded. But those would be orders and then they would turn into revenue typically in kind of the six to twelve month timeframe for international is usually what we talk about, the turnaround in U.S. orders tends to be a little faster.
Peter Skibitski: Got you, got you. And I don’t know if its too early to ask, but given you expectations for RF backlog, I think its 900 million to a billion, what’s your sense for RF revenue in fiscal 2012? Do you think it can be up in fiscal 2012 given your sense for year end backlog?
Howard Lance: Well, let's talk about the RF segment. First of all, remember we've got three businesses. Two of them make up what we call the Core Tactical Communications business, the DoD part and the International part, and then the third piece being our Public Safety and Professional Communications business. So, let me just talk very briefly to each one of those, recognizing that we’re very early and we are not giving any specific guidance. In the DoD part, we certainly expect that sequentially, revenue in '12 will be lower than '11 and that’s based on the wind down of the MRAP program. We are very pleased with the growth that we had outside of MRAP. But we don’t see another big MRAP program coming there. We expect that’s going to be lower but still very, very significant. Offsetting that decline, though, will be continued growth we believe based on the orders and the opportunity pipeline in international. So, we expect international to drive higher revenue than '11 and offset decline in the DoD piece. And then we certainly expect a significant growth in the public safety business and profit increase as a result of the higher revenue. So, net net, when I add all of that together, we would say, our current perspective, given that we are long away from fiscal year 2012, is that we can see a path to higher revenue in the segment and sustainable earnings in the segment, assuming everything that we assume plays out as advertised. So, we think that’s a very good prognosis for the RF segment. We certainly don’t see any kind of a major drop-off in that segment in profitability in fiscal year ‘12 based on the current assumptions we’re using.
Peter Skibitski: I appreciated the call. Thanks Howard.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Joe Nadol: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hi.
Joe Nadol: Hi, just following up on the first question there. Howard, the $900 million to $1 billion that you expect by the end of this year in backlog, has that changed?
Howard Lance: That would represent Joe, about a 0.8 to 0.9 book-to-bill. So we’ve come off of the 1.0 book-to-bill for the Tactical radio part of the business. We’re actually seeing stronger orders than we previously expected in the Public Safety & Professional Communications business. So I think overall backlog in the segment will be about as we had expected previously and it was $1.52 billion I think I reported at the end of Q2. We expected to grow in second half of the year as a result of these new orders that we have been notified of, our new contracts but all of them have not turned to orders. Overall, we’re feeling a good about the Tactical Comms piece, we’re feeling very good about the Public Safety piece.
Joe Nadol: Yeah on the Tactical comms, was it a DoD or international that that slipped out or a combination of two?
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s anyone order, I think it’s the timing of when we expect to get orders. Again, I emphasize another way that we’ve lost any major business, so I would attach it to the timing of when follow-on orders are going to be provided in international and when additional funding of orders will be available in DoD.
Joe Nadol: Okay and then just finally on the $300 million plus international order, sounds like you have $100 million in your backlog.
Howard Lance: Yes.
Joe Nadol: The other $200 plus million, is that firm, is it options, is it I guess its not IDI, I think its international but how do we think about gauging the likelihood of that you seem to think it’s a100% that’s going to come through? Is that fair?
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s a 100% because it is milestone based and we have to do some things to continue to earn it. We don’t think its necessarily in this fiscal year. So it is in that opportunity pipeline $200 million of the $2 billion would be that one program. We’re feeling very confident on it, but the timing will probably be next fiscal year. But never a 100% Joe, I don’t think you ever say that because we don’t have the order.
Joe Nadol: It doesn’t depend on their exercising an option, it just depends on you performing something. Am I understanding that correctly?
Howard Lance: That’s my understanding. Yes.
Joe Nadol: Okay. Finally, are there any more of those out there in your backlog or is that just the only one that is kind of unique?
Howard Lance: Well again when we add up the kind of total program opportunities in five or six countries that I mentioned, they add up to about $1.5 billion. That we have not received as orders. So that’s the remaining portion, our programs that are being funded, combination of locally or some of it through FMS and about half of that are opportunities we believe we will realize within our opportunity pipeline, which we use about a 15 month rolling kind of five quarters when we talk about that pipeline and the rest of it would be then outside of that business that will come into the pipeline as we move into say fiscal year ’13.
Joe Nadol: Okay. All right, thank you.
Howard Lance: I think the bottom-line is our momentum in international is really significant both in terms of the timing of these orders and the scale of the opportunities, and so that’s certainly making us feel good about our momentum there. And as I said earlier, that gives us a lot of comfort in terms of what we can deliver in the overall segments.
Joe Nadol: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Howard, you referenced operating as a continuing resolution was a challenge. Was there any specific programs that you can point to or you think maybe funding is being held back because of that situation and sort of conversely if in fact we had a budget passed, do you think that would be sort of boom in any specific areas?
Howard Lance: Thanks for the question Rich. Our guidance assumes that kind of the spring we get through the continuing resolution. We don’t have any huge program that I am aware of that is kind of sitting there waiting for this bill. The good news is we don’t have a lot of major programs that are falling off, so we haven’t have to count on a lot of programs that aren’t already up and running and to fill any holes. We have seen in a couple of our classified areas that we finished mission and some program and we not seen the new funding for the next mission or next program. So I think there Sheldon would say there is a few classified programs that we are hoping will get released with the continued resolution being succeeded by a budget approval. But outside of that, I am not aware of any big ones.
Rich Valera: Okay. And if I could just follow up with one more on the JTRS [ph] programs of record. Would you be willing to give us an update of where you think, they are, particularly GMR and any exploration of alternatives to GMR given some of their operational issues.
Howard Lance: I don’t think I know anything that’s not out in the public domain, Rich, GMR, as I understand, it is going to be funded on a very limited basis going forward, fielded, I think, to one brigade combat team only on a very limited basis. I think the pricing for that very, very complex and expensive radio system has caused DoD to want to go in a different direction and to field more affordable radios that can be distributed down ashalone [ph]. Clearly Harris is participating in that decision and I see us as benefiting as a result of what our Falcon III is doing in the field. With regard to any other specifics to the HMS program, I don’t really know anything new. Again, none of those radios for the programs of record are in any kind of limited production. There’s still in the engineering and test phase to the best of my knowledge. We are still the only ones that are fielding radios that are doing what the troops needed to do today which is take advantage of the wide band networking. As you know, we are incorporating the SRW waveform into the Falcon Radios. We are augmenting that with our existing ANW II Harris waveform for wideband networking. We continue to offer that waveform to the DoD, should they want to establish it in the library [ph] as a standard. And just, bottom line, we continue to gain momentum and credibility as each quarter goes by and we are seeing that in the orders. I think the other thing on Falcon III to note is the up tick in the international. We’re now up to something like I think it’s 20 or more international countries have taken their initial deliveries of Falcon III and as you’ve heard this talk before to me, this is the beginning of a wave that will not only continue in the U.S. but then will be picked up and adopted in these international countries and Falcon III is not involved in all of those international contracts and programs that I'm talking about. It is in Australia for example that was one of the reasons I think we won that one but again many of the other countries will still be deploying Falcon II radios and we’ll have the opportunity down range for Falcon III upgrades. We also continue to have a lot of success with our secure personal radios, this is the smaller-form-factor radio we’re marketing internationally and I think now we’re up to over 35 international countries that have taken additional initial deliveries on the SPR. So lots of momentum in both Falcon III adoption in domestically as well as internationally with Falcon III and the SPR.
Rich Valera: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen And Company. Please proceed.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. I was just wondering if you could may be give us a sense for how the old Maycom [ph] business is tracking with respect to operating margins?
Howard Lance: It’s tracking lower than we had expected at the beginning of the year as a result of the lower volume. It’s also been affected by the mix of revenue with state and local budgets being tight, the kinds of things that they aren’t doing is buying as many replacement and backup tactical handsets. The margin on the terminal so the handsets is  a lot higher than systems, so the revenue is a little lower, but the mix is skewed a little less favorably as well and then two of those are having an impact on operating margins. We think that both revenue and those margins will perk up next year as a result of stronger demand.
Gautam Khanna: Okay and then if you could elaborate a little bit on the CapRock guidance revision. What’s going on there, what is the contributed year to date or what exactly [Indiscernible] [00:43]
Howard Lance: Well on the revenue, our most recent guidance here I just articulated is now $360 million to $370 million in revenue. If memory serves me right that’s about $20 million less than previous guidance. So that’s basically the impact that we would attribute to the slowdown in new business take-up from drilling moratorium and slowdown in the Gulf. International business is very strong, we’re going to benefit from that with the new Schlumberger acquisition which is 90+ percent international in its revenue makeup and where they go to market. So that’s going to be a positive. We see this though as again it’s  we haven’t lost any market share. I think this is an intermediate kind of slowdown. Some of those rigs are no longer in the Gulf. They are now off the west coast of Africa they are in Brazil, they’ve gone to Asia-Pacific and so we really are going to benefit from having this global footprint have very excited about that prospects which will we believe mitigate in the long run any impact of less drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. Does it make sense?
Gautam Khanna: It does, Howard. I guess one last one, and this is tougher one to answer but when you look out not just the fiscal ’12 which is best far away, but the fiscal ’13, I mean, can you give us a sense of where you think the trajectory will be on the U.S. military radios and the international and if we’ll able to maybe stay flat or do you think both of those things will kind of aggregate to a decline in fiscal ’13? Thanks.
Howard Lance: Well, Gautam I mean, my telescope isn’t that good. I will tell that we’ll talk about this certainly in March as we cover strategy at the investor meeting. But certainly the way we want you to think about the business, solid foundation in our core government systems business, may not grow as quickly as it has because of overall pressure on defense spending. And our RF segment, international Tactical radios and the systems they are part of as well as Public Safety I think have excellent growth prospects. DoD as I already have said we expect to be lower in ‘12 than ‘11, but that’s a lower as in zero; its lower, still a very healthy level and one that I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t be able to sustain for the go forward. And then, you got all the growth opportunities on top of that from the energy business with CapRock and Schlumberger, government managed services with satellite, our cyber business, our healthcare business and some recovery in broadcast. So, we certainly think we’re going to layout a profile that’s going to suggest to investors that ‘12and ‘13 and beyond offer good growth prospects for the company and that we’re not going to go  in hole in ‘12 or ‘13 because of a slowdown in government and defense spending. Now, obviously lots of assumptions go into that but that’s our view today and we’ll talk a lot more around that and our strategies that are going to make that happen at then Investor Day.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Chris Quilty: Thanks. Howard, you didn’t talk about the appliqué products that you introduced for the Tactical Radio product line. I think that was introduced about a year ago. Have you got any customer update with that and, do you first need to get the appropriate NSA certification before you can begin sales?
Howard Lance: The answer of the second part of the question is, if you ask we would require the NSA approval and certification. This whole mission module concept is still in its infancy and we have not made any specific dates on the productization of it. We are working toward engineering prototypes right now on the various concepts as you heard us talk about second channels and HF appliqué and intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance appliqué and appliqué that might include other specialized waveforms. We think the prototype process is a quick and cost-effective way to understand and test the markets with the customers. And so, that’s where we are right now and we haven’t made any decision. We are probably six months away from making any firm investment decision. But it's really allowed us to engage in an excellent discussion with the customer. And I think, it's also illustrated our agility and our flexibility with our commercial business model in responding to the mission needs.
Chris Quilty: And is it fair to assume, you are then looking at a year-and-half, two years for NSA certification?
Howard Lance: I don’t know that it would take that long. We would do things in parallel and we have a pretty good track record. But I think, it is fair to say at this point we’re not baking into a lot of our expectations for fiscal ‘11 or ‘12 much from this Mission Module appliqué product distention.
Chris Quilty: Okay and since we did long conference calls in the past on your reflector business. I was surprised you didn’t take a moment to mention the successful deployment on the SkyTerra 1 and with that have you finally removed all the write-down risks associated with those contracts?
Howard Lance: Well, thank you for mentioning. We were very pleased with the deployment of this really revolutionary 22-meter hoop design on the SkyTerra satellite and yes our view is that we don’t have any material risk going forward in any of the programs that are under contract and we start to see some pickup coming and additional opportunities in that business, now that we have this proven-designs and opportunities to take on some new contracts at materially better margins without taking on additional risk. So overall, we’ve kind of come through the valley in that business and my hats off to my team for accomplishing some really difficult tactical challenges and putting us back on I think a positive track.
Chris Quilty: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim McIlree from Merriman. Please proceed.
Jim McIlree: Thank you, good evening.
Howard Lance: Hello.
Jim McIlree: Howard, you spoke about bigger investment in the Cyber business this fiscal year and I think you attached the loss number to the business as well.
Howard Lance: Yes.
Jim McIlree: Can you repeat what the loss number is and indicate if that is greater or less than what you had thought it was going to be let’s say last quarter or two quarters ago and then when you would expect that business to be breakeven and then profitable.
Howard Lance: Yes so  where I’d like you to think about the investments we made in the business is an acceleration. So it’s not a new investments but it’s doing it this fiscal year rather than next fiscal year. We believe we have a significantly differentiated solution as relates the security, how we handle that and how we manage the architecture, the system to really make this a trusted cloud computing environment. And as a result we made the decision to invest sooner, both in capital as well as in operating expense and people to get organized, to ramp up that business and that has created a larger CapEx in fiscal 2011. Garry included in his guidance now the total, the largest amount of that delta was the acceleration of about $50 million from next year into this year for the cyber center. The second element is acceleration to people and yes in what I said about $20 million of operating loss in this fiscal year, in our current guidance buried within the overall segment and that number is larger than we would have expected a couple of quarters ago because we’re pulling in the people and we’ll start taking some depreciation and amortization on the CapEx. So we think this is a great business opportunity and we believe it was prudent to make those investments now rather than to wait six months and that’s kind of the story.
Jim McIlree: And does the -- , so are you still ramping? Let me put it this way, does the acceleration kind of end at the end of this year, and then you go back to the normal path or how long does this accelerate spending in both capital as well as people continue?
Howard Lance: Well, the objective was to pull ahead the investment in people and capital so that we pulled forward the revenue. So we expect as a result of doing this to have more revenue and profitability in fiscal 2012 than we would have had had we not done it. And again, we’ll be talking about some specifics, certainly some color around this in the March analyst meeting.
Jim McIlree: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Howard Lance: I mean, bottom-line we certainly don’t expect the cyber integrated solution business to have a $20 million operating loss in fiscal 2012. We certainly expect that it will do much better than fiscal 2011 and that it will be the source of some our EPS improvement year-over-year.
Jim McIlree: Right, got it. Thank you.
Howard Lance: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from UBS. Please proceed.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks guys. Just a couple of questions. So, just a follow up on the CapEx point, just to be clear, in fiscal 2012, should we expect overall CapEx to go back to kind of more normal levels if you will if we think about that in terms of a percent of revenue?
Gary McArthur: I can answer that. This is Gary. Yes, we’ll expect it to go back but obviously we do have CapRock, we do have Schlumberger. I think a good run rate probably on the CapEx line go forward in 2012 is more in the 220 to 250 range. Well, down from this year but higher than past years because of the acquisitions.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then roughly how much revenue do you expect to get from the GCS acquisition in fiscal 2011, I mean, based on your best estimate of exactly when in Q3 it will close?
Gary McArthur: I think we’ll disclose that when we get the deal done. We talked I am sure when we announced the acquisition, we talked about the trailing revenue but I think –let's get the deal done and then when we announce that, we will certainly update our guidance at that time, Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then, just any gut feel about the upcoming initial fiscal '12 budget requesters in a few weeks, both in terms of your business as well as that of some of the competitors. Any comment around the program of record on JTRS side earlier. But what's your overall feeling going into the budget requesters. There has been so much rhetoric out there.
Howard Lance: Well, there is a lot of rhetoric and I am not sure that, I have any particular insight into that, other than, I think, that where we are positioned, communications, information technology, ISR, mission critical spending, no big programs dropping off. I feel like we are going to probably fare better, not necessarily because of the budget but because of where we have focused our business and the distribution of our various programs across so many different agencies. I think the whole industry certainly will see fewer new programs started. We talked about that before. I don’t think that’s a surprise and what exactly our growth rate will be in fiscal '12 over '11 remains to be communicated. But I feel pretty comfortable in saying our positioning should allow us to outperform the peer group. Whether on an absolute basis, we like that or not, that remains to be seen.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay.
Howard Lance: But I don’t think -- I guess, we have to continue to work harder on communicating because to take the mix of business that Harris has and where we are investing and what our portfolio looks like going forward and lump us together with prime DoD contractors, to me, it just doesn’t make a lot of sense. We will be talking a lot about that in the March Analyst Meeting. This company going forward is much better positioned because of where we are in government and DoD, where we are in our international programs and where we are with a number of these initiatives that are driving commercial markets in energy, healthcare and allowing us to take to this commercial markets what we already do very well and very credibly in the government space. So hopefully overtime, we’ll be able to distance ourselves from the pack and not because they are good companies but because they are serving the same markets going forward as we are.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, well, it sounds good. I’ll look forward to attend you guys in March.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan from Noble Financial. Please proceed.
Mark Jordan: Good afternoon. A quick questions and it’s a little bit about an [update] on two CapRock and Schlumberger acquisitions. Previously there was more of the service models since you had the product for sale. Did you have a preference on how you deploy actually one-price tag and secondly is there other opportunities to the acquisitions similar to those so that would increase preferably impact of satellite communication effort?
Howard Lance: Mark, you’re kind of garbled so I’ll try and see if I got the question is right. Your first question was around products versus services. Clearly, our business model in the CapRock and Schlumberger GCS is to offer managed service and that is a certain commitment to a service level agreement, certain commitment to bandwidth connectivity, a certain lists of services for a fixed price on a monthly and annual basis in contracts. There are some product sales that are a part of that but our preference is to really deploy the whole thing and give the customer one-price tag on a monthly or annual basis for the services they want and let us worry about all of the equipment and details required to provide that. That also gives us the ability then with that fixed price. We’ve locked in the cost of the space segment. We have an opportunity to our efficiencies and scale economies to improve margins. So that’s our preferred model. Do we sometimes sell products? Yes. But the predominant is the services and that’s true both in the government and the energy and the maritime pieces that make up their business. With regard to your second question, certainly it’s a very fragmented market, we made two major acquisitions, there maybe opportunities down the road to do others, but you shouldn’t look for us to be doing anything major in this segment of the kind of scale we’ve just done for a while. We want to integrate what we have, this really is a merger if you think about it. Harris had a maritime communications business, we’ve now acquired back in July the CapRock communications business and now we are acquiring Schlumberger’s GCS business. So, Peter Shaper who leaves this group is really focused on putting all of these together with the right organization, the right global footprint and the most efficient operating processes. So we won’t let that get done before we would bring any more into the mix, so I suspect that’s a couple of years down the road, Mark.
Operator: Go ahead I’m sorry
Mark Jordan: Okay I just want to quickly of tactical radio sales Of what piece of large international piece was awarded in January. And my question relates what percent of international radio sales are funded by the U.S government versus customer funded?
Howard Lance: I don’t know that I know the percentage that is funded by U.S. government but it appears to be a decreasing percentage. This large contract for example, we can’t disclose the customer that is not U.S. government funded. Australia is not U.S. government funded. I don’t that believe that Mexico is U.S. government funded. So, U.S. government is certainly still involved in places like Afghanistan, Pakistan. But you know, going forward in Iraq that will be locally funded, sometimes they run the contracts through the foreign military funding process because they don’t have all the processes in their own country. But that doesn’t mean it really being funded by U.S. government dollars. So, in general more of it is being funded by local national funds.
Mark Jordan: Okay.
Pamela Padgett: Okay, operator, I’ll take one more question if it’s quick, running little bit longer than we usually do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josephine Millward from Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Josephine Millward: Thank you. Howard, your guidance assumes we’ll have a defense budget in the spring. Now, can you talk about how your outlook might be affected if the government runs on a CR for the remaining of the fiscal year, which I think is a possible scenario?
Howard Lance: Yeah. I don’t think when it comes to earnings it would be material, Josephine. It could have some negative effect at the revenue line in our government systems and services businesses. But I don’t see it as being material in a big picture in earnings.
Josephine Millward: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Okay. Thank you everyone for joining us. And make sure you get our March 9th and 10th Analyst Meeting on your calendars and come down for some warmer weathers and I am sure you are experiencing. I thank everyone.
Howard Lance: Thank you.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Harris Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alicia, and I will be your coordinator today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Hello, everyone. Good afternoon. Welcome to Harris Corp. first quarter fiscal 2011 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett, and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section. And with that, Howard, I'll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Pam, and welcome everyone to our first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. Harris first quarter results were very strong with revenue and income significantly higher than the prior year. Excellent financial performance was driven by continuing strong demand, and favorable product mix in our Tactical Radio business. Results in the Public Safety and Professional Communications business were solid. And following the end of the quarter, Harris was selected to negotiate a potential contract with the government of Alberta, Canada with their new province-wide radio communication system. This represents a significant multi-year program opportunity for us. In our Government Communication Systems segment, new program wins as well as additional program scope and follow-on business for existing programs are building a healthy backlog even as the government spending environment has become more challenging. And sequential improvement was seen in our Broadcast Communication segment, which has been negatively impacted by the global recession. Consolidated revenue in the first quarter was $1.41 billion, 17% higher than the prior year. On an organic basis, excluding the impact of acquisitions, revenue increased 10%. Non-GAAP income, which excludes acquisition-related costs was $165 million in the first quarter or $1.28 per diluted share. An increase of 56% compared with the prior-year quarter. Non-GAAP EBITDA in the first quarter was $318 million, compared with the prior year of $228 million. Consolidated orders in the first quarter were very strong at $1.30 billion. While somewhat lower than the $1.50 billion in the prior quarter, but it also sequentially followed a very large fourth quarter of $1.70 billion in orders. Our recent wins and strong opportunity pipeline have certainly increased our confidence for another strong performance in fiscal 2011, and we expect good momentum when we enter fiscal 2012. First quarter revenue for the RF Communication segment was $567 million, that's 34% higher compared to $424 million in the prior year. Operating income was $229 million and operating margin was a very strong 40% due to favorable product mix and operating efficiencies in our business. First quarter orders for the RF segment were $472 million. Tactical Radio Communications revenue was $446 million in the quarter, increased 47% compared with the $303 million in the last-year first quarter. Revenue was driven by deliveries on fiscal 2010 orders for equipping MRAPs and M-ATVs. The remaining $80 million in prior-year MRAP and M-ATV orders is expected to ship in our second quarter. Tactical Radio Communications orders were $394 million in the quarter, representing a strong book-to-bill of 0.9%. We continue to experience solid demand in the U.S., stronger demand internationally and an uptake in customer adoption of our new Falcon III radio family. We also saw a number of orders for new products. In fact, orders outside of our core tactical radio products represented 26% of orders in the first quarter in total, and 7% of revenue. Additionally, nearly 50% of our orders in the quarter were for less than $5 million, coming from a wide array of U.S. and international customers. We believe further demonstrating the broad-based sustainable global appeal of our product offering. International wins in the quarter included three orders totalling $69 million from the government of Pakistan. For the next phase of our comprehensive C4I system, which utilizes Harris Falcon II and Falcon III Tactical Radios, our secure personal radios, our multiband networking radios and high-capacity line of sight radio solutions. Also included a $12 million order for Falcon III high-capacity line of sight radios, and Falcon II HF radios from a country in the Middle East and $14 million and $10 million, respectively in orders to deliver the first Falcon III Type-1 Suite B Handheld Tactical Radios supporting Coalition Forces in the Middle East and is in Central Asia. Wins in the U.S. market included $34 million from the U.S. Navy, for Falcon III and Falcon II radios, $33 million  for KGV-72, blue force tracking COMSEC terminals, $20 million for AN/PRC-117G vehicular adapters from the U.S. Marine Corps., $15 million from the U.S. Army for HF Loop antennas for improved communications on the move capability and $5 million from the U.S. Army for our RF-7800W high-capacity line-of-sight radio systems. Also during the quarter, we received a $5 million order for service and support in fielding the 117G across all the brigade and combat teams in Afghanistan. Harris employees are working side-by-side with the Army as next-generation mobile, wideband tactical communications networks are deployed, improving situational awareness across the battlefield. The 117G with its software-defined architecture, permits war fighters to access the Army wideband tactical Internet extending that network to remote commanders and platoon leaders on the move. This permits war fighters to view convoy reports, understand logistics needs and receive emergency medevac requests and all of these simultaneously. In addition, because of the 117G interfaces to standard IP-based networks, units are able to access webmail and other mission-critical websites. We expect the fielding of the 117G with the brigade combat teams to be completed by the end of the calendar year. We also continue to introduce additional Falcon III innovations that add new customer-driven functionality. An example is expanding its intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities. ISR data and ground tactical communications have previously been handled using separate and often non-interoperable technologies. By combining the two into a single system, ISR video from UAVs can be transmitted in real time to tactical radios operated by ground troops, and the video can be viewed across the entire wideband tactical radio network. This provides troops across the battlefield with real-time situational awareness, faster decision-making and more effective and safer operations. Our first development incorporated the ROVER waveform into the 117G. This success has led to our latest announcement, a joint development effort between Harris and Cubic Corporation to connect ISR video transmissions using the new TCDL waveform, which provides higher data rates and higher resolution video. Neither of these critical ISR capabilities is specified in the JTRS programs of record radios under development. Harris continues to prove that our commercial business model is significantly faster to market with mission-critical innovations and our pipeline of opportunities remains very strong at approximately $2 billion in international markets and $1.3 billion in the U.S. market. Public Safety and Professional Communications revenue was $121 million in the first quarter and flat with the prior year. Our results certainly impacted by the constrained state and local spending environment. During the quarter, however, we continue to demonstrate strong product and technical offerings that have really positioned this business to continue to gain market share and provide us with long-term growth. Several key milestones in the quarter are worth noting. First, we introduced the Harris GR-100 System, a wireless solution that tracks and transmits the location of firefighters and other first responders while they are inside buildings enabling on scene commanders to better coordinate firefighting efforts and monitor their personnel. We also completed the successful test of the nation's first multi-vendor radio communications network utilizing P25 gateways in Dallas-Fort Worth. This first of its kind public safety communication network will provide regional first responders with additional radio coverage and unprecedented interoperability during emergency response situations. We also announced during the quarter, the introduction of Open Sky II, the second generation of our high performance digital voice and data communications network to be utilized in public safety, utilities, industrial and transportation applications. Open Sky II is a comprehensive enhancement of our network platform that includes improved user services, geographic coverage and audio features. Orders in Public Safety and Professional Communications in the first quarter were $78 million. This included a $14 million order for a new state-wide public safety communications network, and $9 million from Ontario County, New York to upgrade its public safety radio communication system with the Harris P25 IP solution. And then after the close of the quarter, Harris was selected by the Alberta Canada Solicitor General and Public Security Office as a preferred vendor for the design, construction, implementation and operation of the province-wide Alberta First Responders Radio Communications System. Harris is currently engaged in due diligence activities as defined in their request for proposals. A word that the contract is subject to successful completion of these activities, also finalization of the contract documentation and approval of the finalized contract by the Alberta Treasury Board. This communication system will cover 256,000 square miles and will be the critical link among Alberta's first responders.  We still see a $3 billion in Public Safety and Professional Communications pipeline of opportunities, including Alberta. And we expect to deliver our book-to-bill for this business of at least one in fiscal 2011. In summary, the RF Communication segment had another very successful quarter. Backlog remains strong at $1.67 billion at quarter end, including $1.19 billion in Tactical Communications. Global demand for our products remains robust and our investments in new technologies and innovative solutions continue to distinguish us from our competition. Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment was $736 million in the first quarter, 10% higher compared with $668 million in the prior year. Organic revenue growth was about flat in the quarter due to timing of new program awards, but we expect segment growth to return in the second quarter. We continue to see an organic growth rate for the year of 6% to 8%. Revenue increased in the quarter on the GOES-R satellite program ground segment and as a result of the recently awarded antenna segment program.  Revenue also benefited from the recent acquisitions of CapRock Communications. Revenue declined in the quarter on several small classified programs and as expected on the Field Data Collection Automation program for the 2010 U.S. Census. Non-GAAP segment operating income in the first quarter was $80 million. Operating margin was strong at 10.9%. This compares with non-GAAP operating income of $86 million in the prior-year quarter, which benefited from award fees related to the FAA telecommunications infrastructure program. We achieved several significant program wins in the quarter. These included a 10-year $130 million contract from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to supply antennas and control systems for the GOES-R program. The antennas will provide communication links for command, telemetry and sensor data, as well as a communications link to direct data users. In addition to this award, Harris also received $45 million in additional scope on the GOES-R ground segment program that was awarded to us last year. A $77 million IT services contract was awarded by the U.S. Army material command to provide IT infrastructure and follow-on operations support for the relocation of AMC headquarters to the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. This is the second major military headquarters relocation contract for Harris. The award protest for the five-year $140 million Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment program for NASA that was awarded last year has been favorably resolved. Harris will lead the replacement of equipment and software in this space-to-ground link for NASA's tracking and data relay satellite system. Other significant awards in the quarter included a $55 million scope expansion on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Avionics program, a $64 million option year award for the U.S. Air Force network and Space Operations and Maintenance Program and a $40 million option year award for the Department of State Consular Affairs Support Services, IT contract. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded a nine-year potential $273 million Canadian follow-on contract from the government of Canada, for the CF-18 Optimized Weapon Support program. Harris will provide engineering services to support avionic systems on Canada's fighter aircraft. Harris Healthcare Solutions continued its progress with $33 million in new awards during the quarter. The Nationwide Health Information Network-Connect project for the Department of Health and Human Services also received the prestigious Wall Street Journal, Technology Innovation for Healthcare IT Award. Connect was cited for its broad impact on the adoption of electronic healthcare information exchanges between federal agencies and healthcare providers used to efficiently and securely transfer patient information, improving the quality of care, accelerating access to benefits while also reducing costs. We are also very excited about the formal launch of our joint venture with leading Middle East telecommunications systems security provider, Atlas Telecom. Harris Atlas based in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates will deliver innovative intelligent solutions including enhanced video management and geospatial 3D visualization. The venture will focus on delivery of large-scale, mission-critical intelligence and communications systems in the region. On July 30, we completed the acquisition of CapRock Communications. CapRock is a leading global provider of managed satellite communication services, serving the energy, government and maritime industries. CapRock contributed $65 million to first quarter revenue and scored significant wins. We continue to foster new opportunities within the U.S. government and the lifting of the drilling moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico could provide additional opportunities. During the quarter, Harris CapRock was awarded four contracts totalling $43 million to provide managed network services and over 400 megahertz commercial satellite capacity to four separate U.S. government agencies. These contracts run through 2013 and include requirements for bandwidth, teleport and backhaul services on KU and expand networks. These services will be used to support a range of missions including airborne ISR, tactical field deployed communications and continuity of operations. In the Broadcast Communication segment, revenue in the first quarter was $122 million compared with the prior-year quarter of $119 million. The segment operating loss was $9 million included $1 million of restructuring costs. Orders were stronger and grew in the quarter to $135 million, compared with the prior year of $124 million and $111 million in the fiscal 2010 fourth quarter. Results in the segment continue to reflect market weakness in the traditional U.S. broadcast capital spending market. And also included are ongoing increased investments in sales and marketing to address new media and international growth opportunities. The 1.1 book-to-bill ratio in the quarter, along with year-over-year revenue growth are both encouraging signs for the segment. During the quarter, Harris was awarded $8 million from Nine Network Australia for a new play out center which includes our servers, multi-viewers, routers, digital asset management and automation software. Other major awards in the quarter included $4 million from TPBS Thailand for Harris Integrated Broadcast Systems which encompasses the entire workflow for the customer from in just through content management and play out. A $2.5 million order from Network Seven (sic) [Seven Network] in Australia for an end-to-end file-based play out center for their Melbourne operations. And $2.5 million order from Saudi Television for TV and radio transmission sites and HD production studios. Another exciting event in the quarter was the inauguration of the in-arena broadcast network at the Amway Center in Orlando, home of the National Basketball Association's Orlando Magic. Harris took part in a ceremony to officially open the new facility, unveiling the most technologically advanced arena in North America. The Harris solution is a unique convergence of IP and broad-based technology that provides an entirely new streamlined workflow system. It also provides fans with an exceptional multimedia event experience, and offers access to new advertising revenue streams going forward. Let me now ask Gary McArthur, Harris' CFO to comment on our financial results in the quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. The first quarter was an outstanding balance sheet and cash flow quarter for the company. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $341 million, strong collections in the quarter drove down days-sales-outstanding from 54 days to 48, debt-to-total-capital remained about the same at 39% and return on invested capital as a result of the very strong operating performance increased from 18% to 22%, all as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2010. During the quarter, we established a $300 million 364 day revolving credit facility to replace the capacity used for the purchase of CapRock Communications, which closed on July 30. Cash flow in the quarter was excellent. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $295 million, as compared to $135 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. All three operating segments generated positive cash flow. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $254 million as compared to $114 million. Our increased guidance for cash flow from operations for fiscal 2011 is now a range of $775 million to $825 million, up from our previous guidance of $750 million to $800 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $50 million of our outstanding common stock at an average purchase price of $42.59 per share. As of quarter end, we have $400 million remaining authorization under our stock repurchase program. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $47 million as compared to $42 million in the first quarter of the prior year. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2011 are unchanged at $205 million to $215 million. Capital expenditures were $41 million for the first quarter, as compared to $21 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Our current guidance for fiscal year 2011 CapEx is unchanged at between $250 million and $275 million. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 34.8%, our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2011 assuming the R&D tax credit is passed is now 33.5%, down from our previous guidance of 34%. Again noting, however, that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events. In summary, we are off to a very good start and continue to operate from a very strong financial foundation. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. We have increased our financial guidance for fiscal year 2011 due to our strong first quarter operating performance, and improving second quarter outlook. Consolidated revenue for fiscal 2011 is now expected to be towards the higher end of our previous range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 15% above fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP EBITDA for fiscal 2011, which excludes acquisition-related costs is expected to be in a range of $1.21 billion to $1.23 billion, representing an increase of 10% to 12% above our fiscal 2010 EBITDA of $1.10 billion. Non-GAAP income, excluding acquisition-related costs, is now expected to be in the range from $4.80 to $4.90 per diluted share. That's a year-over-year increase of 8% to 11%. Our previous guidance if you recall was $4.60 to $4.70 per share. On our last call, we provided quarterly guidance for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2011 because of the atypical seasonality caused by the MRAP and M-ATV program shipments being concentrated mostly in the first quarter. Earnings in the second quarter are now expected to be in the range of $1.08 to $1.12 per share. Slightly above last year and much higher than our previous guidance and we expect sequential EPS growth in the back half of fiscal 2011. For the RF Communication segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is now expected to be 10% to 11% higher than fiscal 2010, and 16% to 17% higher in the second quarter. Segment operating margin for the year is expected to be 33% to 34%. For the Government Communications Systems segment, guidance is unchanged. We expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 22% higher than fiscal 2010. This represents 6% to 8% growth in the existing Government Communications Systems business and then we add 11 months of contribution of CapRock Communications acquisition revenue in the range of $380 million to $390 million. Total segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 11% for the fiscal year. And for the Broadcast Communication segment, we continue to expect revenue in the range of $490 million to $510 million with break-even operating results. We still expect operating losses in the first half, but they will be followed, we believe by improving profitability in the second half. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg: Just wanted to start with a question if I could on RF Comm and I guess assuming you guys are still targeting a 1.0 book-to-bill for the full year. Should we expect that you'll be back above those levels starting in the second quarter? Obviously, we're a little bit below in the first quarter but that probably wasn't too surprising just based on how the MRAP and the M-ATV business was expected to layer in from a revenue perspective. And in that context, just talk about your visibility on converting some of the near-term RF Comm pipeline orders especially on the Tactical Radio side?
Howard Lance: Jason, the business is kind of lumpy. We still expect to be able to achieve our target of 1 book-to-bill for the year for the Tactical business, as well as to meet or exceed that for the public safety part of the segment. As you say, we came very close to that at about 0.9 in the first quarter. I think what's most important is that we see the pipeline really filling up nicely as we look out at both the domestic U.S. as well as the international business. In terms of specifically guiding to a specific book-to-bill by quarter, I'm not going to go there but overall, we're still feeling good for the year. It doesn't mean it's a slam dunk but what it does mean is that we have the opportunities in sight and are pursuing them. And as long as we get a little good fortune in timing in Q4 this year versus Q1 next year, I think we've got a very good shot at getting there. Even if we just came close, though, we're talking about still a sizable backlog exiting this year into fiscal '12. So I think the good news of the first quarter and our higher guidance in the second quarter is all about the firming up of the order pipeline at RF this year and our confidence in delivering on that.
Jason Kupferberg: And maybe if you can just talk a little bit more about the Alberta contract now so I can grasp on that. Maybe some comments on the potential timing, actually complete your due diligence and sign the contract, and then anything you can tell us in terms of potential size from an order perspective. That would be great.
Howard Lance: The customer at this point has not publicly disclosed the size of the opportunity so I'm not in a position to comment on that. And in due diligence, part of the discussion, will I'm sure be around budget availability. So there's not a specific size, but I think you can draw a conclusion that this is a multi-year, very large program given the amount of real estate that is covered by the province of Alberta, over 250,000 square miles. So this is certainly a significant project. Competition was certainly Motorola, the market leader. We're very pleased our team put together a very, very good proposal and we are looking forward to completing these negotiations. How long that will take? I'm not sure but it's not uncommon for that to run on for a quarter or two. So we could be talking about not finalizing this until the new calendar year. But it certainly should be, we hope in this fiscal year, and help to bolster our orders and backlog and then provide a multi-year stream of revenue and profitability as we execute the program. So certainly it's a major win and we're very proud of our team for delivering that.
Jason Kupferberg: If I could just squeeze one more quick one in on the Cyber business. Anything you can tell us these days in terms of the size of the Cyber business, how fast it's growing? Maybe do you see is there much significant competitors in that space? Obviously, there seems to be a lot more budgetary attention being paid to that area and did they notify position there not too long ago?
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly think that it still represents a large opportunity. Our focus is going to be on developing what we think is unique, secure cloud hosting for government and select commercial customers that will attribute a high value to the security of our particular solution. We will be able to talk, I think, in a lot more detail on the next quarterly call as we really launch that business in our fiscal third quarter following the fit-out of the facility that we acquired in Harrisonburg, Virginia a few months back.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol with JP Morgan.
Joseph Nadol: Howard, on the 117G, you mentioned that we should expect or that you're expecting it to be deployed across all the brigade combat units in Afghanistan by the end of the calendar year. Wondering if there's, I guess, if that's all in backlog already and what you're expecting going forward in Afghanistan for the 117G? If it's more beyond end of the calendar year deadline?
Howard Lance: Well, on the second part of your question, we certainly hope that there is more. Certainly the opportunity for continued adoption of the 117G, we think is truly enabled by this major milestone that we've broken through, which is the approval to deploy what's called capabilities set nine and 10 by the Army to deploy that capability to all of the BCTs in theater. That's a major achievement. We have received also, as I mentioned, a contract to put a number of our team members in country helping to deploy and set up these networks. And we're convinced, like many major new innovations, as our customers start to use the radios it's going to have a follow-on compounding effect in terms of broader adoption, not just in Afghanistan but over the long-term. So from our perspective, we think it's a major milestone and we're in the process, I don't know probably, 30%, 40% of the way through getting these systems up and running. Orders for those are all in house already and we're already included in previous contracts that we've announced.
Joseph Nadol: Is there a way of thinking about penetration? I mean is the opportunity more penetration for the BCTs that are in Afghanistan just like they get the radios, they love them, they want more? Or is it more, just not Afghanistan?
Howard Lance: Well, I think in the long run, there are probably opportunities in both, but this remains to be seen in terms of how the Army sees opportunities to utilize the technology. Again, I think what's encouraging to us is the support that we're getting on the ground because of what the 117G allows our customers to do, that couldn't be done before using the traditional radio systems. And the continued lagging of the JTRS programs. The record again gives us a major window of opportunity to illustrate the capabilities of utilizing our commercially developed technology, getting to market faster. So we're very encouraged. Certainly opportunity for 117G, alongside the opportunities for a number of our other new products, are what is helping to give us more confidence that we can continue to grow orders this year and maintain that very high mark of 1:1 book-to-bill.
Joseph Nadol: And in the tactical radio business, probably the $446 million this quarter. Would you mind sharing or can you share how much of that was the MRAP-ATV?
Howard Lance: I think our shipments were $240 million, $250 million round numbers associated with that program and about another $80 million, as I indicated to go in the second quarter.
Joseph Nadol: And then just finally, Howard, anything you can share on -- you did CapRock, you talked about some of the things going on there. Anything you can share on how you're thinking about M&A these days given valuations, where the company is, cash balance, et cetera?
Howard Lance: We continue to see strategic acquisitions as a way to augment the work that we're doing organically. We think in terms of three buckets of growth, we've got our core businesses that we expect to grow with their customers, gaining market share and coming up with solutions for follow-on applications. Then we're moving into adjacent markets, which for us have included healthcare, cyber, public safety. And now, the satellite-managed services capabilities. And certainly we continue, like other companies, to look at additional acquisitions. There's a lot out there but we continue to also put a pretty fine screen on those with regard to being a fit, strategically in our business and also being at a value level that allows us through synergies, create returns above our cost of capital. So I think you'll continue to see us look. We continue as Gary indicated have a very strong balance sheet. We have well over $700 million in debt capacity available right now, just on our revolvers. So we're in a very strong position. We continue to look, but I certainly won't speculate on timing of any specific events.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty: Howard, just a clarification. That $240 million to $250 million contribution from ATVs was that in last fiscal year or was that cumulative?
Howard Lance: That's the Q1 revenue numbers associated with all the MRAP programs, and to be precise it's $235 million.
Chris Quilty: And there's been some discussion about them upsizing that program by several thousand more vehicles. Have you seen any indications of where those discussions are going?
Howard Lance: So I'm aware that there has been an authorization of 1,000 vehicles. And that I think leaves about another 1,000 to the ceiling of 10,000 that was originally established.
Chris Quilty: So we're likely to see orders coming and then presumably you're including some percentage hit in your guidance for the business?
Howard Lance: Yes. We're trying to take into consideration all of those factors, as well as inventory they have, reuse of existing radios. As well as exactly what configuration they will put into which vehicles because as I understand it, the latest 1,000 unit order, some of those are from Oshkosh, some are from Navistar some are ATVs some are original MRAPs. And it's just hard to always be precise about how they're going to be configured. But certainly, we're feeling like we will likely hit some uplift in this fiscal year further related to those additional orders. But hard to quantify today exactly the dollar amount, Chris.
Chris Quilty: And switching over to the public radio, that Alberta order, was that purely traditional public communications equipment you are selling in there? Or were you able to layer in any of your, either other RF communications products like the 7800 non line-of-sight radio or some of your capabilities in network management from the other business units? What was the key to winning that, do you think?
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly think that the Harris partnership with the former M/A-COM business is what won the business. I don't believe, just my opinion, that the acquired company on its own previously would have had a big enough footprint in communications and network technology to be able to compete on such a large order against Motorola and General Dynamics of Canada, who were partnered on the competitive side. So I certainly think that we brought what I like to call, the big H. solutions to this particular pursuit. And it certainly included a broader capability than just the public safety radios and base stations.
Chris Quilty: And final question, if I may, the Broadcast business update on the Valiant Angel program?
Howard Lance: Nothing specific, we continue to ship systems related to our full-motion video asset management engine or FAME solution. But we also are developing and starting to ship lower-cost solutions in that space. So we're not totally dependent just on the Valiant Angel program. There's a lot of development going on in general, around providing enhanced ISR database access and retrieval, and both Broadcast, in partnership with our Government Systems division, are pursuing those opportunities.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan: First of all, relative to the guidance, what assumptions do you have with regards to buy-back through the balance of the year? Are you assuming some rate or it's just on a static account that you have out there today?
Gary McArthur: This is Gary MacArthur. We have typically been doing around $50 million of share buy-back a quarter. We currently anticipate doing that throughout this fiscal year.
Mark Jordan: And that's embedded in your estimates?
Gary McArthur: Yes, I think it is included in our guidance.
Mark Jordan: Secondly, Howard, could you break down what the Tactical Radio backlog of, I believe, $1.19 billion whether its domestic versus international? And is the domestic piece primarily 12 months delivery cycle and is international multi-year?
Howard Lance: I don't have a specific breakdown, Mark, for that. But it certainly has -- it's not 80%-20%. It certainly has a significant component of both. And yes, generally, you should think about orders that we get from U.S. Government would be shipped within 12 months and some portion of the international orders would go out beyond 12 months because they might be a multi-year program. The same is true in the Public Safety business when we talk about backlog. Some of that is shipping directly in the current fiscal year against the program. Some of it is going out into a multiple year program such as we've been discussing with the opportunity in Alberta.
Mark Jordan: Just relative to the JTRS program, could you update us as to when you think the participants of the program will be shipping radios? And do you have any sense as to their pricing and sort of capabilities, ranking versus your offerings at that time?
Howard Lance: I certainly don't have any specific information. I’m not aware that they have published any new schedules. But it is our sense that the programs are slipping and likely to announce delays. But I don't have anything specific off of any published document that I can reference. Nor do I have anything regarding pricing. The only thing we've ever seen on pricing are target prices at very high volumes. Those are certainly not likely to be achieved during the first limited-rate initial production of any program. So I'm presuming that prices will be higher than whatever the prices in the long run that were quoted. So those are just our assumptions. I don't have any specific document to point to, Mark.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Carter Copeland with Barclays Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Meyer [ph] on behalf of Carter. Just had two questions. The first one, when asked about the slowdown in spending and contractions at gate that have been talked about. Have you seen any impact on the spending at Multimax?
Howard Lance: The answer is no, not specifically in our IT Services business. We have more broadly in the Government Systems segment, seen some program awards get delayed as a result of the continuing resolution. So we have seen a little bit of that but it hasn't had a major impact on our view of the year as you heard me indicate, we continue to think 6% to 8% year-over-year revenue growth organically is achievable. And we think that will be largely ahead of our peer group. So we're still feeling pretty positive. We've had a number of program wins in the first quarter as I rattle off that list of different programs. So we're feeling pretty positive but we've certainly have seen a few program awards slip to the right.
Unidentified Analyst: You actually started answering the second I had, which is asking about the timing of awards. Have you seen any changes so far into this quarter?
Howard Lance: Again, for us not of material impact. But we have seen a few of the programs that we were expecting to be awarded by this date, move out one to three months. And again, I think it's mainly associated with the continuing resolution, which we expect to be in place for several more months and we've baked those assumptions into our guidance. So the bottom line is, yes, some of the new awards are slipping out but it is not having a material effect on our revenue outlook for the year.
Pamela Padgett: Well, thank you everyone for joining us. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Howard Lance - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations Gary McArthur - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael French - Morgan Joseph & Co., Inc. Edwin Keller - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Harris Corp. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kate Lynn, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Ms. Pamela Padgett of Harris Corp. Please proceed.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Harris' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2010 Conference Call. On the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, Howard, I’ll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. Harris ended fiscal 2010 with a very strong quarter. Orders, revenue and income were significantly higher than the prior-year quarter, and we generated significant operating cash flow. Orders were higher than revenue, further increasing our backlog.  Revenue in the fourth quarter was $1.46 billion. That's 13% higher than the prior year. On an organic basis excluding the impact of acquisitions, revenue was 8% higher. Non-GAAP income, which excludes acquisition-related costs, was $161 million in the fourth quarter or $1.24 per diluted share. That's an increase of 38% compared with the prior-year quarter. Orders in the fourth quarter were $1.72 billion, and that's 33% higher than the prior-year quarter. We saw a continued strong performance in the quarter in the RF Communications segment, as well as strong underlying revenue growth and excellent program execution across the Government Communications Systems segment.  Our track record of delivering consistent growth in revenue and earnings continued in fiscal 2010, with momentum building as the year progressed. Revenue for the full fiscal year was $5.21 billion, 4% higher than the prior year. Non-GAAP income was $582 million or $4.43 per diluted share, that's an increase of 15% compared with the prior year. Orders for the full year were a record $6.08 billion, 36% higher than fiscal 2009. As a result of the full year book-to-bill of 1.2, we have very strong momentum as we begin fiscal 2011.  In RF Communications, fourth quarter revenue for the segment was $630 million, 35% higher compared to $468 million in the prior-year quarter. The results included $486 million in revenue in Tactical Communications, up 17% from $415 million in the prior year and $144 million in revenue in Public Safety and Professional Communications. Non-GAAP segment operating income was $227 million compared with $144 million in the prior year. Operating margin was a very strong 36% reflecting favorable product mix and operating efficiencies.  Fourth quarter orders for the RF segment were $890 million. That included $711 million for Tactical Communications and $179 million for Public Safety and Professional Communications. For the full fiscal year, orders for the segment were $2.88 billion yielding a 1.4 book-to-bill. And that included $2.34 billion for Tactical Communications and $541 million for Public Safety and Professional Communications.  As a result of the large amount of new orders, backlog increased significantly in the quarter providing the foundation for continued growth in fiscal 2011 in the RF Communications segment. As of year end, segment backlog stood at $1.76 billion, and that included $1.24 billion in Tactical Communications. Backlog is higher than previously expected due primarily to higher international Tactical Communications orders received in the fourth quarter. Tactical Communications orders continue to be driven by multiple factors including increasing customer adoption of our next-generation Falcon III radios, equipping of new MRAP and M-ATV vehicles and new wins on long-term international communications modernization programs.  The Harris next-generation Falcon III radios offer both U.S. and international customers unprecedented situational awareness capabilities, including streaming video to the tactical edge of the battlefield for the very first time. Users are reporting that the Falcon III is changing the way they are conducting their missions, and is literally saving lives. Major Falcon III orders during the quarter in the U.S. market included $24 million from the Joint Tactical Radio System Program Executive Office for our Falcon III AN/PRC-152 multiband handheld radios for the U.S. Air Force, $20 million and $11 million of orders from the U.S. Department of Defense for Falcon III AN/PRC-117G multiband manpack radio systems, along with $17 million for Falcon III AN/PRC-152 handheld radios. We also received an $11 million order from the U.S. Marine Corps for the Falcon III AN/VRC-110 multiband vehicular radio systems. And also $13 million order and a $27 million order for the Falcon III AN/PRC-152 multiband handheld radios, as well as vehicular adapters to equip those radios into MRAP vehicles.  Other significant U.S. DoD [Department of Defense] orders included $139 million to provide additional Falcon II high-frequency tactical radio systems and $101 million for Falcon II multiband manpack radios for MRAP vehicles. The Harris MRAP and M-ATV program wins resulted in significant orders and revenue in fiscal 2010, and this program will continue to be a revenue contributor in fiscal 2011, albeit at a lower level. What was really unusual about the M-ATV program was the condensed time frame for its deployment. What would normally have been rolled out over several years is being completed in about 12 months. That's allowed the M-ATV program to be a real showcase for Harris.  We've demonstrated the advanced capabilities of our Falcon III radios to a large and broad user group across multiple branches of the Services, and we've also demonstrated our ability to respond quickly to the higher demand and also to new user requirements. These abilities are made possible by our unique commercial business model serving this market. Traditional programs of record are not able to respond as we can. Our strategy successfully deploys new technology at the grassroots level, fielding new radios as quick as possible across a broad spectrum of users to encourage further adoption. This strategy continues to be very successful for us.  While the M-ATV program was certainly significant to our Tactical Radio business, [in] terms of orders and also as a means of reaching this broad user group quickly with our new Falcon III radios, it's important to note that the business also experienced strong orders growth outside of the M-ATV and MRAP programs in both the U.S. and international markets. When you exclude $35 million in M-ATV and MRAP orders in fiscal 2009, and then $1 billion in orders under these programs in fiscal 2010, the remaining tactical radio orders also grew in fiscal 2010 by 15% over the prior year. That was 10% growth in DoD and 21% growth in international. We believe this illustrates that we've clearly got strong momentum outside of just the MRAP programs alone.  Stronger International orders in the quarter, not only reflected a strengthening global market, but also a significant uptick in customer adoption of our new Falcon III radio family. Major International orders in the quarter included $99 million from the government of Pakistan, for the next phase of comprehensive multilevel C4I system utilizing both Falcon II and Falcon III radios. Also our line of secure personal radios, multiband networking radios and high-capacity line-of-sight radios.  We also received an $11 million order from another country in Central Asia for both Falcon II and Falcon III radios, orders from two NATO countries totaling $26 million for our Falcon III multiband handheld radios, an $8 million order from a customer in the Middle East to supply Falcon II multiband handheld radios and Falcon III radios, including our secure personal radios and high-capacity line-of-sight systems, and finally, a $33 million order from the government of Iraq for Falcon II HF radios.  During the quarter, we also announced our new mission modules for the Falcon III AN/PRC-117G manpack multiband radio. The mission modules will provide mission-specific customization and flexibility by enabling users of the 117G to quickly and easily add advanced capabilities to the radio on an as-needed basis. Mission modules expand functionality such as adding a second wideband radio channel, an HF radio channel or an ISR module. In addition to the benefits already mentioned, the mission modules will also allow industry partners to develop new applications that can ride on the 117G through the use of an open platform standard interface architecture.  The Harris Falcon III 117G offers advanced capabilities today to meet the war fighters' urgent needs, and our new mission modules will ensure the continuous integration of new capabilities to address future requirements.  In summary, our Tactical Radio business had another very successful year. More importantly, the strong level of new orders that we received did not deplete our future orders opportunity pipeline. It has now been replenished and stands at $2 billion for International and $1.5 billion in the U.S. market.  The continued investment of our funds for development of additional new products will allow us to continue to outpace the progress of our competitors who are using only government funds to try and achieve the same results. We're listening to the needs of our customers, and we’re investing to solve their problems in the most efficient way possible. We believe this business model becomes even more valuable as customer budgets come under pressure.  In Public Safety and Professional Communications, our one-year anniversary of acquiring this business occurred in May. As already noted, we had a strong finish to the fiscal year. In spite of constrained state and local budgets, we delivered organic revenue growth in fiscal 2010 of about 7%, and we built backlog going into fiscal 2011.  During our first year of ownership, we introduced revolutionary new products such as the Unity multiband land mobile radio. We significantly stabilized and improved the operation of a number of networks that are already deployed with our customers, and we had a number of very important long-term large program wins. We also continue to see a robust opportunity pipeline in this business, exceeding $3 billion in North America.  Major Public Safety and Professional Communication wins in the fourth quarter included a $30 million order to deploy a P25 Trunked Communication System in Monroe County, New York. This system supports 25,000 public service, public safety users. Ultimately, the program will unite all of Monroe County's public service and public safety agencies under a single modern digital communication system that's built on our VIDA IP-based network. The system will interoperate with the legacy law enforcement system, the legacy fire services system and the legacy public service system.  We also received a $23 million order from a major energy company in the Southwest for our Open Sky voice and data communication system, and a $9 million order from Franklin County, North Carolina, for our P25 communication system and then finally a $5 million order from the New York State Police for our Unity XG-100P multiband radios.  Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment was $707 million in the fourth quarter. That compares with $704 million in the prior year. Of course, as expected, revenue from the Field Data Collection Automation program, or FDCA program, for the U.S. Census Bureau's 2010 Census declined about $50 million compared with the prior-year quarter, and it declined about $240 million for the fiscal year in total as the program nears completion. Excluding the FDCA program and also adjusting out for the impact of acquisitions, revenue for fiscal 2010 was 7% higher than the prior year. We think that demonstrates continued strength in the Government Systems and Services businesses.  Revenue growth in the quarter benefited from multiple programs included the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite Series R ground segment weather program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. During the quarter, this program completed the System Definition Review. That's a formal technical review of the ground architecture and how it will operate within the overall GOES-R system architecture, and the program established a firm baseline for advancing to the preliminary design phase of the program.  Other programs contributing to revenue growth included the modernization of enterprise terminals, or MET program for the U.S. Army, the Joint Strike Fighter Program for the Department of Defense and the headquarters relocation IT services program for the U.S. Southern Command.  Non-GAAP segment operating income in the fourth quarter was $78 million, and that was about flat with the prior-year quarter. Operating margin was a solid 11% for the quarter. We achieved several significant program wins in the fourth quarter, and these included a six-year $97 million contract from the Federal Aviation Administration for its Weather and Radar Maintenance and Sustainment Services II program. The program scope includes software maintenance releases, depot support, on-site field support and engineering services for 22 operational FAA facilities across the U.S. Harris was also awarded a five-year $140 million contract for the Space Network Ground Segment Sustainment Program for NASA. Pending the resolution of an award protest, Harris will lead the effort to replace equipment and software in the space-to-ground link for NASA's Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System, also known as TDRSS. The SGSS program builds on Harris' 30-year incumbency supporting TDRSS. Harris was a primary developer of the original TDRSS ground system for White Sands in Mexico in the early 1980s and also provided the large deployable antennas on the original TDRSS satellites.  Harris was also awarded in the quarter a 30-month $25 million IT services contract to modernize and support high-bandwidth networks at 15 Air National Guard sites nationwide. And we also received an award of a $25 million classified program.  We continue to see a strong pipeline of opportunities in our new Healthcare Solutions business. During the quarter, Harris was awarded several new contracts by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. These included a proof of concept study to demonstrate anytime Internet access to veterans’ healthcare information using Smart phones, a development contract to create and implement a new IT project requirements process within the VA and a contract extension to evaluate how the use of emerging technologies can positively impact clinical care. These awards are a result of the company's November 2009 acquisition of Patriot Technologies, a leading provider of healthcare IT, imaging and the enterprise software solutions for the VA.  And then following the close of the quarter, Harris was awarded a 10-year $130 million contract to supply antennas and control systems for NOAA's GOES-R program. The antennas will provide communications links for command, telemetry and sensor data as well as the communications link to direct data users.  So we expect solid revenue growth for Government Systems in fiscal 2011 as we continue to benefit from the recent wins on GOES-R, healthcare, NASA and Classified Cyber. We also expect continued growth in our FAA programs and in IT services broadly. The pipeline of opportunities remains very large. Though like many of our peer companies, we are seeing some award dates slipping out in time. We remain confident that our backlog, along with the opportunities to be awarded in fiscal 2011, support our projected growth.  Last Friday, we announced the closing on our acquisition of CapRock Communications. CapRock is a global provider of mission-critical managed satellite communication services for government, energy and maritime markets. Their highly reliable solutions include broadband Internet access, Voice over IP Telephony, wideband networking and real-time video, all delivered to nearly 2,000 customer sites around the world. The combination of CapRock and Harris will give customers access to a greater breadth of a shared communications capabilities, depth of expertise and unparalleled customer support while enabling us to enter new vertical markets and increase our international presence.  The Broadcast Communications segment continued to underperform in the fourth quarter. Revenue of $128 million was in line with recent quarters, but fourth quarter orders were sequentially lower at $111 million. Segment operating income was a loss of $21 million in the quarter. This did include $7 million coming from restructuring costs and $6 million coming from inventory write-downs. Fourth quarter results reflected the continued weak U.S. market capital spending trend.  For the full fiscal 2010, Broadcast Communications revenue declined almost $100 million or 17% from fiscal 2009. The decline was led by $60 million in lower revenue in our transmission systems product line.  Significant cost reductions were implemented in 2010 in response to the lower revenue trends, and further actions will be completed in early fiscal 2011. But we cannot rely entirely on cost-reduction actions to deliver improved financial results.  A new leadership team was put in place in this business in the fourth quarter. We believe that continuing to invest in the growth markets of the future is the right strategy. Although we are investing at a time when the legacy market has continued to decline, this is the means to make this business a long-term success and a positive contributor to the company's future financial results.  Let me highlight today three growth areas. First, international markets, including the BRIC nations of Brazil, China, India and Russia along with other countries in Latin America, Asia Pacific and Africa, offer us significant growth opportunities. Their transition from analog to digital broadcasting is still just getting started. There's growing demand for both digital transmission systems and the related infrastructure that goes with it. In response, we recently launched transmitter production at new factories in Brazil and China using manufacturing partners. The regional presence will increase our market share and reduce our product cost.  The second area is the U.S. government market for full-motion video systems continues to grow. Harris has a strong market position with unique technology capabilities in this area. Our FAME solution, short for Full Motion Video Asset Management Engine, offers unequalled performance and scalability as our government customers cope with increasing amounts of digital intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance information. Several FAME systems have been deployed, and we’re receiving positive customer feedback.  Third, the growth of digital out-of-home advertising continues. Our solutions enable advertisers to reach consumers on the move. New systems will be increasingly deployed to deliver rich media content in live sports and entertainment venues, retail establishments and to mobile handheld devices.  At the recent Infocom Trade Show, Harris demonstrated an array of innovative digital audio video solutions which integrate digital signage hardware and software, production play out and scheduling systems, multi-viewers and graphic engines. Harris is uniquely positioned to offer end-to-end solutions and services, which enable customers to implement efficient media workflows and create new revenue streams. These market initiatives, along with the broader end market recovery, will drive improved top line revenue and bottom line results in fiscal 2011 and beyond in this segment. Let me now ask Harris' CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on the financial results in the fourth quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Fiscal year 2010 was another very solid financial year for Harris. We ended the year with $455 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We generated $803 million of operating cash flow, $605 million of free cash flow, repurchased $201 million of our outstanding stock and paid $115 million in dividends. None of our outstanding long-term debt comes due prior to October 2015. And as of year-end, we had $720 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility. Once again, as of year end, our return on invested capital was more than twice our cost of capital and improved nearly 300 basis points to 22% as compared to 19% as of the end of fiscal 2009.  As to the fourth quarter, cash flow generated from operating activities was $167 million as compared to $262 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, and capital expenditures were $62 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $25 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The $37 million higher CapEx resulted primarily from the continuing build out of our newly acquired cyber security solutions facility, and our RF Communications manufacturing facility. Depreciation and amortization was $45 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $55 million for the fourth quarter of the prior year.  During the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average purchase price per share of $46.53. Total shares repurchased during fiscal 2010 were 4.8 million. And as of year end, we have $450 million remaining availability under our $600 million share repurchase program. Our priorities for excess cash continue to be in the order of priority, internal investments, acquisitions that further our strategic objectives and increase shareholder value, the payment of competitive dividends and share repurchases. Our full year tax rate for fiscal 2010 was 33%, slightly lower than forecasted.  As announced last week, we successfully completed the acquisition of CapRock Communications on July 30 which was funded by $185 million of cash on hand and $340 million of commercial paper, backed by our revolving credit facility. Revised guidance for fiscal 2011 including the impacts from the CapRock acquisition is as follows: Cash flow from operations in a range of $750 million to $800 million, depreciation and amortization of $205 million to $215 million and capital expenditures including capitalized software of $250 million to $275 million. The higher planned capital expenditures as compared to the prior year are primarily a result of the build out of our cyber security solutions facility that is planned to open early next calendar year, the new RF manufacturing facility that is planned to be fully operational in early fiscal 2012 and the additional planned CapEx resulting from the CapRock acquisition.  Corporate expense is expected to be lower than last year at $86 million, but higher than previously forecasted due to our continued funding of growth initiatives. Interest expense will be $10 million to $15 million higher as a result of the funding for the CapRock acquisition. And finally, our non-GAAP effective tax rate for fiscal year 2011 is expected to be 34%. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Gary. As we indicated in our press release this afternoon, we've increased our financial guidance for fiscal 2011 to include the expected contribution from the CapRock Communications acquisition.  Consolidated revenue is now expected to be in a range of $5.9 billion to $6 billion, about 13% to 15% higher than fiscal 2010. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition-related costs is now expected to be in a range of $4.60 to $4.70 per share, representing a year-over-year increase of 4% to 6%. Our previous guidance was $4.55 to $4.65 per share.  As a result of recent acquisitions and some of the facility investment Gary discussed, we’re seeing an increase in our non-cash amortization and depreciation expenses. We believe that EBITDA growth, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, has become an important metric to track cash profitability improvement alongside of net income and EPS growth. Non-GAAP EBITDA for fiscal 2011, which excludes acquisition-related costs, is expected to be in a range from $1.18 billion to $1.21 billion, and that represents an increase of 7% to 10% above fiscal 2010 EBITDA of $1.10 billion.  For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is expected to be 7% to 8% higher than fiscal 2010. Segment operating margin for the year is expected to be about 33%.  For the Government Communications Systems segment, we expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 20% to 22% higher than fiscal 2010. This represents 6% to 8% growth in the existing Government Communications Systems business, and then adds CapRock Communications revenue in a range from $380 million to $390 million for 11 months of fiscal 2011. Segment operating margin is expected to be approximately 11%.  For the Broadcast Communications segment, we continue to expect revenue in a range of $490 million to $510 million with break-even operating results. We expect to see continued operating losses in the first half of the year with profitability improving in the second half of the fiscal year.  Finally, let me say a few words about the seasonality of expected fiscal 2011 earnings. We don't normally provide quarterly earnings guidance, but fiscal 2011 seasonality appears to be very atypical. The quarterly distribution of revenue in the RF Communications segment is expected to be heavily front-end loaded in the first fiscal quarter with shipments for the MRAP and M-ATV programs. First quarter RF segment revenue is expected to be about 30% higher than fiscal 2010 with first quarter segment margins of about 39% as a result of favorable product mix and operating efficiencies. Second quarter revenue is expected to be sequentially lower with sequential increases in the third and fourth quarter. So the combined impact of the front-end loading of the RF segment revenue and its related margins is significant on Harris' consolidated earnings. We expect earnings in the first fiscal quarter to be in a range from $1.20 to $1.25 per share. We expect earnings in the second fiscal quarter to be in a range of $0.95 to $1 per share. With that, I will ask the operator to open the line, and we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: As far as expectations for fiscal '11 order growth in RF Comm, on the Tactical and Public Safety side, if you could comment there. And then any thoughts on how much EPS accretion is built into fiscal '11 for the Tyco acquisition because I think you had expected that to uptick quite a bit versus how it performed in year one.
Howard Lance: Related to orders in the RF segment, Jason, certainly our goal and our internal objectives are to achieve a 1.0 book-to-bill for the year. As I indicated, we have a significant pipeline of opportunities, $2 billion in International for Tactical Comms and $1.5 billion in U.S. DoD for Tactical Comms, and then we talked about a $3 billion opportunity pipeline in Public Safety and Professional Comms. So big pipelines and our internal goal is to maintain and achieve the 1.0 book-to-bill. With regard to any specific accretion on the wireless acquisition, I don't have that number at my fingertips. Certainly, it provided accretion in fiscal '10 as a result of favorable financing rates on the acquisition, and the results we delivered for the acquisition were essentially on target for our expectations that we said at the beginning of the year. We're expecting further growth in fiscal '11, as we had previously indicated about 8% to 10% above fiscal ’10, and we're seeing consistent year-over-year margin expansion, ultimately getting up to the goals that Gary and I have talked about previously in the three- to five-year time frame of 15% kind of operating margins and 20% EBITDA margins for the segments. So bottom line is it'll be more accretive than it was in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael French of Morgan Joseph.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph & Co., Inc.: The question is on the mission modules that you mentioned. Can you give us a sense of the timing of when these will be available and what the pricing will look like?
Howard Lance: Certainly I can't comment on pricing per se. In terms of the timing, I don't know that I know the precise date. We have started to show kind of what I would call beta copies of the products and started testing those with customers. I would say in the fiscal year, but I don't know a specific date. We'll try and make sure we communicate that going forward, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Nadol of JP Morgan.
Joseph Nadol - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Howard, the tactical radio orders have been excellent recently. I'm a little surprised that the guidance both for next year and for the first quarter, I guess in the second quarter, just the profile you laid out, that they aren't higher. I mean your backlog is -- it might be a record, it's close. Is the duration changing? Is there something going on within the mix that's pushing the duration longer than it's been historically?
Howard Lance: No, I think, Joe, what’s really skewing the whole mix is the urgency for the radios that are going into the MRAP and M-ATV vehicles. If we look at the seasonality for the rest of the business, it looks a lot more traditional, starting lower and then growing during the year. We had prebuilt a lot of these radios as we have been exiting the fourth quarter of fiscal '10 and so we're seeing this huge uptick in shipments in the first quarter of '11. But I think once you see that pass through as we ship those, we’d expect to get back to more traditional kinds of run rates and so on. So I think it's really a function of that and because it's so atypical, we felt it would be helpful and transparent to give overall EPS guidance for the first and second quarter. We normally would not do that. So that's kind of what's behind that portion of my discussion today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: I was wondering if you could tell us how much of the RF Comm backlog is for M-ATV- or MRAP-related shipments. And just a quick follow-up, I'm wondering if you could give any update on the status of the ANW2 waveform and your efforts to get that incorporated into the JTRS standard.
Howard Lance: On the second question, there are ongoing discussions with regard to utilization of the ANW2 standard from Harris. We have certainly offered to make that waveform available under commercial terms, and at this point, I think discussions continue. There's nothing specifically to be announced. To your first question, I'm going to ballpark it, not be precise, but maybe $300 million of shipments under the MRAP and ATV program in our numbers for this fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna of Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just wanted to get your updated thoughts on the M/A-COM margin potential. When you first bought it I think you guided somewhere around 8% to 10%. Where are you in that -- where are you now? Where were you in the quarter roughly? And how do you see that playing out over the next year?
Howard Lance: So initially, we provided first-year target of 8% to 10% EBIT margins, and we indicated over three to five years our goal was to get that to around 15%, which we felt was market competitive. When you factor in the amortization of intangibles, you'd really be at about 20% EBITDA margins. So the acquisition achieved its objectives in the first year, and we’re expecting to grow margins this year. We're losing a little bit of precise visibility on the operating income for the business, because we’re leveraging a lot of the back-office and combined systems. So we have good visibility to revenue and gross margin, but beyond that, you start to allocate cost. So that's why we're not providing any specific numbers in terms of the profitability within the segment, because it would be somewhat subject to those allocations. But certainly, our plans at the gross margin level see continued improvement in '11 over '10, and we're not up to our goal yet certainly so we think there's some continued growth beyond '11 as we talk about margins.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: With respect to the FY '11 budget, do you anticipate any sort of go-forward, no-go-forward definitive decision on the JTRS HMS or GMR program?
Howard Lance: Hard to say. I don't expect any specific decision, but we certainly know that the DoD is working hard to find ways to cut costs. I think every program is up for review, but I'm not aware of any specific milestone that would drive a go or no-go decision. So nothing specific. Certainly, we're very pleased with how we’re continuing progress, and we have made a lot of strides over the last year, most recently in the deployment of the 117G across what's called capability set 9 and 10 into Afghanistan. The performance of the radios really is speaking for itself in terms of the enabling of real-time broadband communications or wideband communications across the comms networks for the first time, allowing you to have streaming video and other bandwidth-intensive data at the tactical edge in the hands of the war fighter. So I think that the radio’s capability is proving itself real-time on the battlefield, and we think, as a result, it's going to continue to get a lot of attention and the demand for the radios, we think, will continue to grow as well as a result of its performance. There's no better way to prove what it can do than in the kind of tactical battlefield operations that are going on right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Harris of CL King.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates: Question about the Public Safety business. You recently announced that you're working with Nokia Siemens on an old TV technology or model for public safety, and of course, Motorola recently announced an order in San Francisco. Do you see this as being something that could have a significant impact on 2011 revenues? And do you think the fact that you're working with Nokia Siemens that's won a lot of orders in the LTE area could prove to be an advantage?
Howard Lance: Well, Larry, we certainly see it as offering a lot of opportunity. I'm not sure that the adoption rate will be all that material in our fiscal year '11. But I certainly think that we hope to get several important program wins under our belt and start to demonstrate the value of that broadband communications capability in the 700 megahertz area. We also continue to lobby with other companies to get the FCC to designate that Block D of that spectrum for public safety. That's a little bit of a contentious area right now, because as I understand it, to really deploy the most effective LTE 700 megahertz networks, you really need the 20 megahertz band and only half of that has been allocated. The other half they're planning on auctioning, making available to public safety on a so-called emergency basis, which most of us think is a little problematic how you'd actually do that. So we continue to lobby on that basis, but we agree that we think we've got the right partner in Nokia Siemens and are certainly excited. The opportunity to bring the kind of data to the public safety situational awareness field in the way that we have in the military examples could really make a difference in terms of not only officer safety, but effectiveness. So it's an area of real focus especially in the large metropolitan police departments.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates: But in terms of revenues, it might be more fiscal 2012?
Howard Lance: Yes, I don't recall in our plans that it's a huge year-over-year increase from '10, but I think is important as a foundation for growth over the next two to three years, Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Wheeler of Buckingham Research.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: On the guidance, the MRAP-ATV revenues, will they be predominantly in that first quarter, or will there be revenues from that stream throughout the year?
Howard Lance: Yes, predominantly in the first quarter. And again, that's what's causing this huge revenue growth in the segment of 30% in Q1 in terms of our expectation.
Edward Wheeler - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And if I just kind of play with the margins, I get a margin fairly below 33% for the back half, by the math, for the rest of the year. Now if we were to think about normalized margins, let's just say it’s 31% average for the back three quarters. Would that be a good base margin to think about going forward? Or do you think the pickup in Public Safety over the next few years would allow you to drift the segment margin up?
Howard Lance: Well, you know me, Ted, I would view that as the floor and we certainly would expect to continue to get some contribution as we continue to improve the Public Safety business margins, but also are certainly not of a mind to allow our margins to slip in the core Tactical Communications business any more than they have to because of this product mix. So I think ultimately, that's the floor. Does it come in above that in '11 or '12 or '13? A lot of it has to do with our investment profile. As we've said before, we could meter less investment, deliver more short-term profits but we try and balance that investment relative to the margin and getting the top line growth that we want in terms of continuing to churn out these industry-leading products in the Tactical Comms area and now in the Public Safety area. But bottom line, I would view that as kind of the floor for you to think about going forward, and we certainly are going to work to deliver higher numbers than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Keller of Oppenheimer.
Edwin Keller - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just a quick question on RF for next year. Given the heavy MRAP and M-ATV deliveries in the first quarter, how do you expect International to flow through the year?
Howard Lance: Well first of all, in general, kind of around the color of orders, we would expect International orders for the year to probably outpace Domestic orders, but because of the backlog, especially in ATV, we would expect the revenue for Domestic to still outpace International. We feel like we're starting the year strong in terms of backlog, but also in International, I think. Orders probably in the first quarter certainly are going to be very heavy in International, and for the whole year, as I said, I think International orders will probably overcome DoD orders. But we're very encouraged, I must say, that even with all the orders we've gotten on the MRAP, the M-ATV, to have up orders in DoD last year and to have still a very solid pipeline for this year we think is very encouraging.
Edwin Keller - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Late last week, there was an announcement on a strategic partnership with Applied Signal, and I was wondering if you could just give any additional color on that. What you're looking for there. What's your thinking and your expectations?
Howard Lance: I'm sorry, I'm not in the weeds on that particular announcement other than there’s a lot of continued opportunity for us to serve the intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance market, and Applied Signal has worked with us in the past on several programs. I think this is, to some extent, kind of a codification of what we've already been doing together. But beyond that, I don't really have any details.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Chris Quilty of Raymond James & Associates.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Howard, I think this question may have been asked a couple of times, but I'll ask it a different way. Given the orders, MRAP-related orders you've seen in the last two years and what you sort of characterized as a $300 million lump moving through this year, was it -- knowing that Oshkosh seems to be full on all the orders and unless something new fills in and JLTV is still too far out, that creates a headwind of that $300 million magnitude going into the following fiscal year on that particular program, kind of like FDCA.
Howard Lance: Yes, certainly, but it's going to be all about -- as it has been the last couple of years, it's going to be all about orders in aggregate, right, for the year. So we certainly don't expect that we would have, we won't have the same $300 million in revenue in '12 from MRAP and ATV orders, so the question is what's going to fill that hole, and it's going to come from the $3.5 billion pipeline that we have. It's going to be all about winning additional International orders as well as additional DoD orders that are in that pipeline. And that's what's going to maintain, hopefully, the 1.0 book-to-bill that’s our target so that we exit this year with a good strong backlog. What a difference a year makes. Our backlog a year ago compared to our backlog now, it’s quite stronger. We don't need quite this level of backlog to still grow the business but, no question, there is a whole there that has to be filled with other new business. So we certainly agree and understand.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Just a question regarding the FCC and broadband stimulus and proposals for building out a nationwide network, can you give us your thoughts on where you think the government driven model may go in the next year or two in terms of major government-funded programs for – federal government-funded versus this continuing to be more of a state-by-state locality-by-locality type of business?
Howard Lance: Yes, Chris, I don't have a lot of visibility into that, I don't think any more than what's been publicly written. There is a commitment to this national broadband plan. How that will actually play itself out and what that might drive in new businesses who put in place terrestrial or satellite-based networks to provide some of this additional broadband capability, I think it remains to be seen. So we will stay tuned and will, next quarter, try and address your question in terms of ways that we might see that evolving and how we might participate in it.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, everyone. Appreciate you joining us tonight.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may all now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP of IR and Corporate Communications Howard Lance - Chairman, President and CEO Gary McArthur - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates Larry Harris - C.L. King Joe Nadol - JPMorgan Jim Mcilree - Merriman
Operator: Good afternoon, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice-President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. I am Pamela Padgett, Vice-President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. And on the call today with me is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO, Gary McArthur, Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started the few words on the forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties; they could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on the discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition on our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation with the comparable GAAP measures have included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on in the Investor Relations section on our website. And with that, Howard, I'll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam. And welcome everyone to our third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. We had another excellent quarter of financial results. And perhaps even more importantly we set ourselves up for continued growth in the fiscal fourth quarter and in fiscal 2011. Our gross strategies are clearly working. We are gaining market share in our core markets while also moving the company into important adjacent markets to capitalize on growth opportunities. Our mission critical assured communications capabilities are in strong demand across a broad range of market applications. Revenue in the third quarter was $1.33 billions, 10% higher than 1.21 billion in the prior year. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition related cost was $170 million or $1.30 per diluted share. An increase of 27% compared with the prior year $136 million or $1.02 per shear. Our bottom line continued to be driven by excellent program performance and award fees across the Government Communications segment. And strong gross margins and operational efficiencies in the RF Communications segment. New orders for the company were very strong again this quarter at $1.45 billions offering excellent forward momentum. They were significantly higher than orders of $1.03 billion in the prior year and higher than third quarter revenue. Third quarter revenue for the RF Communications segment was $551 million compared with $439 million in the prior year. Tactical radio communications business revenue for the quarter was $429 million, about flat with the prior year while the public safety and professional communications business revenue contributed $122 million in the quarter. Non-GAAP segment income was $208 million in the third quarter. That's excluding charges related to the Tyco Electronics Wireless Systems acquisition. And it is compared to $151 million in the prior year. Segment operating margin was exceptionally strong again this quarter at 38%. We are continuing to benefit from favorable tactical radio product mix and significant operating leverage provided by cost reduction actions. New orders for the RF segment were $656 million in the quarter. Net included 488 million and tactical radio communications systems and $168 million for public safety and professional communications system. Both businesses had book-to-bill ratios of significantly greater than one. Tactical radio communications order backlog at the end of the third quarter increased to $1 billion. Given our strong Q3 orders and our good Q4 momentum, we now expect to enter fiscal 2011 above with the tactical radio order backlog above $1 billion. Much higher than our previous expectation of $800 million. Several factors continue to drive new orders. Customer demand for our next generation Falcon III radio is accelerating. And not just in the U.S. market, adoption in the International market is beginning, as evidenced by the significant order from Australia in the quarter. Overall, International market demand has strengthened with some very large opportunities getting underway. And we continue to be the primary tactical radio supplier for the MRAP-ATV program by equipping the military's initial 6,644 vehicle purchases. Vehicle that will be used across all of the services. The importance of the M-ATV program to Harris is two-fold. Naturally, it is a significant revenue opportunity. But it also offers a platform to showcase the advanced capabilities of our next generation Falcon III radios. This grass roots effort fields the new radios across a broad spectrum of users and encourages further adoption. A strategy that continues to be very successful for us. Demand for the JTRS approved Falcon III family of radios has resulted in year-to-date Falcon III orders through the third quarter now totaling $620 million. Our Falcon III 117G wide band networking radio is enabling war fighters with unprecedented situational awareness. By providing streaming video, simultaneous voice and data feeds, collaborative chat and secure network connectivity. Reports from the field confirm to us that the 117G is changing the way war fighters are conducting their missions. Falcon III orders during the third quarter included $73 million for the 117G Multiband manpack from the Marine Corp. for use in Afghanistan. $12 million from the Marine Corps. to upgrade existing 152C Multiband handheld systems from 20 to 50 watts to allow communications over a longer distances and rough terrain. $74 million for 152C Multiband handheld radios in vehicular adapters to equip the MRAP-ATVs. And then, following the close of the quarter we received a $20 million order for Falcon III 117G Multiband manpack radios from a DoD customer. Other significant U.S. orders in the quarter included $78 million for Falcon II HF radios to equip MRAP-ATVs and then following the close of the quarter, Harris received a $101 million order for Falcon II 117F Multiband vehicle radios for the next phase of the MRAP-ATV purchases and to retrofit other existing MRAP vehicles. This is important because it represents the first order that Harris has received to equip the 4,000 additional vehicles approved by joint requirements oversight council JROC earlier this year. International tactical communications orders in the third quarter included $112 million from the Australian Department of Defense, as part of their communications modernization program. The order was predominantly Falcon III, 152C Multiband handheld radios. The potential opportunity is $300 million to $500 million over five years. We believe this is important milestone and we fully expect to see other allied nations standardize on the Harris Falcon III family going forward. We also received a $44 million International order from a customer in Asia. And a $10 million order from the Iraq ministry of interior for Falcon II HF radio systems. Additional significant International orders are still expected this fiscal year from several customers. We believe in the future of our global tactical radio business to maintain its market leadership and our ability to continue to expand into adjacent markets. Our strategy is simple. Listen to our customers and utilize our commercial business model to quickly solve their evolving mission requirements. We are constantly innovating and advancing our technology. Years ahead of competition and the programs of record. As an example, let's take a look at the emerging ISR mission needs in Afghanistan. UAVs are proliferating overhead gathering valuable real time video on possible targets and missions. Although, ISR and ground tactical communications have always been viewed as separate missions accomplished with separate radios, our customers asked if it was possible to integrate the capabilities into a single solution. Our engineers seized the opportunity. In only a few months we responded with a design that integrated the UAVs Rover wave form into the Falcon III 117G wide band networking radio. Video can now be received and then retransmitted over the 117G wide band network without the soldier carrying another device. The Rover wave form was not of course contemplated in the JTRS program of record specification. But it is already inside the Harris radio. And our engineering team is busy developing even more extensive ISR solutions as we speak. In our public safety and professional communications business revenue in the third quarter was $122 million and that was about flat compared to the prior year on a pro-forma basis. The pipeline of large projects in both the public safety and professional communications markets remains robust. It is driven by requirements for improved interoperability and upgrades from analog to digital networks. And we scored some major wins in the quarter, which will help drive our future growth. On the flip side, the weak U.S. economy is having an impact on state and local budgets and is constraining some of our sales of products into existing businesses. New orders in the quarter were $168 million, much higher than revenue. We ended the quarter with a very strong backlog of $489 million and we are still on track to meet the guidance we established for this fiscal year. Major wins in the quarter included $100 million to upgrade the Miami-Dade County public communications infrastructure to a P25 digital radio system. This project also includes new P25 radios providing interoperability across more than 80 different agencies with over 32,000 users. A $13 million order was received in the quarter for our OpenSky system to connect employees at a Texas based public utility serving 50 counties. The system features over the air programming to provide remote reconfiguration and software updates. This win is an excellent example of our ability to provide assured communications to the enterprise market. And then following the close of the quarter, Harris received an order from the New York State police for 1100 Unity XG-100P Multiband radios. The new Harris Unity radios will provide interoperability between the state police and local, metro and county law enforcement officers allowing them to communicate with radio systems that are about conventional and digital and that operate on various VHF, UHF, 700 or 800 megahertz bands all in one radio. During the quarter, we acquired the technology assets of OSI Geospatial situational awareness business. With this acquisition, Harris gains advanced software for capturing, viewing and disseminating critical, tactical information. The software provides commanders and team members alike in the field with real time information including the location of personnel. The applications are capable of being embedded in both our tactical and our public safety radios, as well as in other electronic devices and laptop computers. Revenue in the government communications system segment was $666 million in the third quarter compared with $649 million in the prior year. Revenue in the prior year benefited from the field data collection automation or [FIDCO] program for the U.S. census bureau, which is nearing completion. Year-to-date revenue excluding the FIDCO program and adjusting for the impact of acquisitions is 7% above the prior year. We believe this is excellent growth and highlights that our business is continued to be very well positioned in the market. Revenue growth benefited from the ramp up of the GOES-R weather satellite program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. We've recently announced the opening of a new Harris office in Greenbelt, Maryland to support the GOES-R program. The modernization of enterprise terminals or met program for the army also contributed to the revenue growth in the quarter. We successfully completed the critical implementation review or CIR milestone for the program and we did these just nine months after program award. With resigned baseline for the ground terminals now established, the program can move on into its next phase. Other contributors to revenue growth in the quarter included, the IT services program, where we are supporting the U.S. southern command headquarters relocation. Several classified programs financial and intelligence customers and acquisitions related to our growth initiatives and cyber integrated solutions and healthcare solutions. Operating income in the third quarter for the government communications system segment increased to $90 million compared with $74 million in the prior year. Operating margin was higher at 13.6% and reflected continued excellent program performance as well as favorable timing on award fees. Harris was awarded a significant contract related to our healthcare solutions business in the quarter. A three year potential $72 million contract from the Department of Veterans Affairs to improve the complex billing and collection activities across the nationwide VA organization. After completing a very successful pilot program, this contract was rewarded to cover the remainder of the nationwide network. As you know, the VA manages one of the world's largest healthcare delivery organizations. Also during the quarter, Harris was awarded a $25 million contract to provide our new high-band networking radios for the U.S. Army. They will carry critical battle command information and form the communications back bone of the integrated air and missile defense battle command system or IBCS. These radios provide the first ever use of directive beam technology. To achieve higher through put over a longer distances within a self-forming, self-healing mesh network. Revenue in the quarter at broadcast communications was $123 million or 7% lower than $132 million in the prior year quarter but a little better sequentially than our second quarter. The segment posted an operating loss of $5 million. Revenue continues to be impacted by lower U.S. broadcaster capital spending. Gross margins were about flat with the prior year quarter on much lower revenue indicating the positive contribution of cost reduction activities that have been implemented. The third quarter operating loss included restructuring charges in the quarter are about $1 million with $3 million in charges year-to-date. Additional actions are expected to result in restructuring cost for the full fiscal year of about $10 million. Operating expenses were slightly higher than the prior year in the third quarter. As we continue to redeploy resources into new media and International markets where we believe there are significant new business opportunities. Orders in the quarter were $130 million, much higher than the prior year quarter. And orders exceeded revenue. Order momentum in the second and third quarters suggests that the market is at the bottom and showing at least some signs of improvement. So, major orders in the quarter included $12 million from Cox broadcasting for our integrated application suite for traffic, billing, order processing, sales management reporting and sales proposal generation. $4 million from Abu Dhabi Media Company, for a high-definition production and play out center and $4 million in Rwanda for a turnkey DVB-T transmission solution, in support of the country's transition from analog to digital broadcasting. We continue to experience strong interest in the company's new media growth initiatives and these are now finally beginning to contribute to segment revenue. This includes 'Live' event venue broadcast networks such as the new Amway Center in Orlando, Florida. These systems leverage our combined broadcast and IT services offerings, to provide solutions which enhance the fan experience. We are in active negotiations with the number of other venues also looking to upgrade their broadcast capabilities. Another new media initiative is FAME, our full motion video asset management engine, which allows our government customers to capture, store, retrieve, analyze and distribute video intelligence information. Earlier this month, we demonstrated enhanced FAME capabilities at the National Association Broadcasters exhibition. This topic was also the focus of my keynote speech during the military and government summit in NAB where I discussed the benefits of using crossover commercial technologies to solve this difficult government ISR challenges. Harris also made important announcements NAB related to our 3D and mobile TV solutions. We introduced the industries most comprehensive end-to-end 3D workflows, allowing contact creators and broadcasters to build a complete solution from the camera all the way to the monitor. The Harris solution assures broadcasters updating their infrastructure to HD that their investments will also support 3D. Harris joined with the open mobile video coalition to announce the start of mobile TV field trials in Washington D.C. next month. Harris solutions will be used by Fox Television, Canadian Broadcasting. Ion Media Networks. PBS and MHz networks, and Univision. Let me now ask Harris CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on some of the financial results in the quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a very strong balance sheet quarter for Harris. We ended the quarter with $406 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. Return on invested capital was 21%. Return on equity 25% and debt to total capital was 36% down from its recent high of 41% following the May 2009 Tyco wireless acquisition. Further our entire $750 million revolving credit facility is available to us with no long-term debt maturities coming due until October 2015. Cash flow from operations increased $99 million to $314 million versus $215 million in the third quarter of the prior year. Primarily, as a result of strong performance at our RF communications and government communications system segments. In light of this, we are increasing our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2010 to arrange of $700 million to $725 million up from our previous guidance of $650 million to $700 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $40 million as compared to $44 million for the third quarter of 2009. Our expectation for depreciation amortization for fiscal year 2010 continues to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. Capital expenditures were $94 million for the third quarter, as compared to $30 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2009 and included the acquisition of new 573,000 square foot manufacturing facility near Rochester, New York, where four existing RF communications manufacturing sites will be consolidated. And the purchase of a new facility in the mid Atlantic region for use by our government communications system business, our guidance for fiscal year 2010 for CapEx is now $200 million to $210 million, up from our previous guidance of between $150 million and $160 million. During the quarter, we used $50 million to repurchase 1.1 million shares of our outstanding stock at an average price of $44.63 per share. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the third quarter was 32.6% and assuming the investment research and development credit is enacted by congress in our fourth quarter, our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2010 is now 33.3%. Our initial outlook for the 2011 full year tax rate is 34%. However, the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as result of discrete tax events. Other areas of guidance for fiscal 2011 are as follows. Cash flow from operations a range of $675 million to $725 million. Depreciation and amortization from $100 million to $180 million and capital expenditures including capitalized software a range of $200 million to $210 million. Our current priorities for cash that is expected to be generated remain the same. One, fund internal investments to drive growth and generate higher earnings. Two, acquire companies that meet our strategic objectives and enhance financial returns, three pay appropriate dividends or targeting a payout ratio of 20%. And four, repurchase shares. In summary, we expect to finish fiscal 2010 on a very strong financial foundation, with expectations for another solid year in fiscal 2011. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Before we open the line up for your questions, let me provide some additional perspective on the revisions and increases we have made to our earnings outlook for fiscal 2010. And a little color around our initial earnings guidance for fiscal 2011. First, for 2010, we have once again increased our full-year non-GAAP earnings guidance to a new range of $4.35 to $4.45 per share. It represents a $0.10 per share increase compared to the previous range of $4.25 to $4.35 per share. Revenue in fiscal 2010 is still expected to be $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion. In the RF communications segment, fiscal 2010 revenue is now expected to be in the range of 18% to 19% higher than fiscal 2009. Now, this includes the contribution of course, the acquired public safety and professional communications business, coming in at about $500 million. Segment operating margin for the year. For the RF communications segment is now projected to be higher in the range of 34%, 35%, as compared to our previous guidance of 33%. The higher operating margin continues to be driven by more favorable tactical radio product mix, cost reductions and improving operational efficiencies. The acquired public safety and professional communications business is performing that as expected this year. For government communications systems, we expect revenue for fiscal 2010 to be about flat with the prior year on a reported basis. Now, after you adjust it for the impact of acquisitions and excluding the ending of the FIDCO program, the guidance reflects with a very strong organic growth for the year of about 8%. And operating margins are still expected to be about 12.5% for fiscal 2010. In Broadcast Communications for fiscal 2010, we reduced expected revenue to a new range of $480 million to $490 million. We expect an operating loss of about $20 million the year including $10 billion of that related to restructuring charges. The reduction in segment income, since our previous guidance is based on the lower sales volume somewhat higher investments in International and New Media markets and higher restructuring charges associated with additional cost reduction actions. So, that's fiscal 2010. Let me move on now to fiscal 2011. Of course, we are very pleased to initiate earnings guidance in a range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share, 3% to 6% above our fiscal 2010 guidance mid point. Revenue in fiscal 2011 is expected to be $5.5 to $5.6 billions. About 5% to 7% higher than fiscal 2010 guidance. Talk a little bit about the segments. For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2011 revenue is expected to be 6% to 8% higher than fiscal 2010. This includes the public safety and professional communications business in fiscal '11 at $540 million to $550 million, about 8% to 10% higher in fiscal 2010. Segment operating margin for 2011 is expected to be in a range of 32% to 33%. It is about 200 basis points lower than fiscal 2010. As the impact of more typical, tactical radio product mix is partially offset by higher public safety and professional communications business margins. We will continue to actively invest in R&D programs. To further enhance the capabilities of our current products and to introduce additional new products into adjacent markets. Moving to the government communications system segment. We expect revenue for fiscal 2011 to be 5% to 7% higher than fiscal 2010. Operating margin is expected to be 11.5%. That is about 100 basis points lower than fiscal 2010. This is due to the impact of lower pricing on the follow on contracts for the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet program and the FTI program still very strong margins. For the Broadcast Communications segment, we are projecting modest revenue growth in fiscal 2011 in the range of $490 million to $510 million with breakeven operating results. Additionally, for fiscal 2011, we expect net interest expense to be about flat with this year while unallocated corporate expense will be lower than this year in a range of $76 million to $78 million. At this time, I will ask the operator to now open the line and we'll be pleased to field your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask about the MRAP-ATV programs and could you give us a sense for how much you booked year-to-date on that program last quarter? I think its 554 M-ATV. And then also what the opportunities that might be on the 4,000 vehicles which you have got an order already?
Howard Lance: Right so, for what we call Phase I, which is the first 6,644 vehicles, year-to-date orders totaled 719 million. And we are in the same place we were last call with regard to opportunities in the Phase II, which we have said at the time were up to about $300 million. And we still think that's a reasonable range, as you indicated, we did receive the first order $101 million and we have potential, we think of maybe up to another 200 on top of that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company:
 :
Howard Lance: We remain very confident that the capabilities of the 117G will lead to its broad deployment across multiple different applications in the army as well as the other services where we have seen great success. In terms of any specific timing, I don't have anything to share with you. But we are making significant process, as the radios are field dated and as I talked about in my prepared statement, as customers are able to see the real value in their day-to-day mission accomplishments from the radio. That is more value than any amount of advertising or demos that we could perform. So, the troops on the ground are the greatest advocates. And we are very confident we will continue to see a success. And the accelerating orders in the Falcon III not only from U.S. but as we have indicated now starting it with the International customers.
Operator: Raymond James & Associates
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Hi, guys. Question for you on the broadcast business, I know, you have gotten some government military orders in there. Have they gotten to the point where they are starting to be a significant portion of what you are seeing in broadcast and could they be a driver here over the next 6 to 12 month?
Howard Lance: Well, on the latter part of your question Chris, we certainly hope so. To date, I think, specifically around the FAME program, it represents about $11 million of revenue. So, on year-to-date basis that's may be 2%, 3%. I think the opportunity pipeline certainly could have that growing to the 5%, and maybe a year or two out, maybe as much as 10% of revenue. So, we think, it is a significant driver. Not just with the products we are offering now the solution but, we are continuing to enhance that with additional products.
 :
 :
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Does that 5% to 10% estimate in the out year assume International customer base?
Howard Lance: No, I think, we primarily would think about that in terms serving the needs of the U.S. as they continue to deal with this very, very large and growing amount of video surveillance content and how they actually utilize it to make real time decisions and create value out of that intelligence that is being gathered.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Larry Harris with C.L. King.
Larry Harris - C.L. King: Thank you. You have been quite and first off congratulations on the results here for the quarter. And you have been quite forthcoming in terms of 2011 guidance here at this early date. But I was wondering is there any comments you can make even at this point in terms of seasonality within 2011 based upon what you are seeing in the order of pipeline?
Gary McArthur: A little hard to say, Larry. You know that we are going to be starting the year with a very large backlog. And still have DoD priority shipment requirements for the MRAP vehicles. So, certainly that is going to be a factor. But we also have a lot of other opportunities in the pipeline. So, I just don't have tremendous visibility, would like to wait until probably the next quarter. Once it is done, we have a real good view then to backlog. And orders expected in the first half were probably to provide a little more color. But I think, we will come out of the gate pretty strong in the first quarter as a result of that very strong starting backlog.
Larry Harris - C.L. King: And with International sales, would they be higher, say here in 2011 than 2010?
Gary McArthur: Absolutely. As we have discussed, orders, International orders this year we expect to be much higher than revenue, because we had to defer the shipment of many International customer orders because of the requirements to ship the MRAP vehicle radios this year. So, we do expect to see a significant growth in International. I don't know exactly what the split next year will be. A year or so ago, we were kind of 60/40 DoD and International that skewed a little bit this year because of which I certainly would expect as directionally to go back more toward where we were in the past.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Nadol, JPMorgan
Joe Nadol - JPMorgan: Thanks, good afternoon. Thanks for the detailed guidance for next year. Some of the question on the RF mix next year, if we're, I guess, we are saying, we are going to be closer to 50/50 International and into the 40s. If you look at the U.S. piece, and you know, 800 million or 900 million and your guidance for tactical, can you just breakout what is in there, roughly for MRAP and 117G and other? Give us some sort of sense as to how you are thinking about it?
Howard Lance: Not in specific, certainly Joe a portion of that will be the Phase II MRAP vehicles, the orders we received. Some of Phase I won't ship until our next fiscal year. And then the upside opportunity from MRAP, so MRAP will be an element of that. Certainly continued adoption and acceleration of the 117G is going to be an important part as well. And then International market, we think make up the rest of that guidance. DoD is expected to be lower in revenue than this year, but more than compensated by the International growth and all in all we think the tactical radio communication business will be up year-over-year, as we have indicated in the preliminary guidance. As we moved to the next quarter and get through the first quarter, I am sure, we will have more granularity around the make up of the business as you start to see other orders get announced.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Mcilree with Merriman
Jim Mcilree - Merriman: Thank you, good evening. Over $1 billion in backlog that you think you will exit this year in RF, can you give us some feel of what you think that split between International and domestic will be?
Howard Lance: I am not sure I have that at my finger tips, Jim. So, I don't really want to quote something that turns out to be wrong. I think its, I am going to suggest, it is probably more than 50% is International because we have held some of the orders this year but I might not be right on that, because quantity of DoD orders is still very large.
Jim Mcilree - Merriman: Okay. And secondly, public safety, margins fiscal '11 versus fiscal '10 directionally up sideways, up significantly.
Howard Lance: Yes. Higher. And so, it is helping to mitigate some of the reduction and tactical radio margins that we are providing in this initial guidance, as a result of expectations of more typical product and program mix. So, the tactical radio, margins mitigate a little bit, although they are still very good. And then, we get the benefit of some improvements in the public safety margins. When we bought that company, herein I talked in terms of our goal of about 500 basis points of improvement over a three to four year period. And so, we are, I think, at this point, we would say very much on track to achieve that and have kind of baked that into the initial guidance for next year.
Pamela Padgett: I think that wraps it up. I thank everyone for joining us and hope that you are going to be able to join us for our Analyst Meeting in Rochester. That's going to be our venue for this year. And thank you for joining us today.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Howard Lance - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary McArthur - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications
Analysts:  Jason Kupferberg - UBS Gautam Khanna - Cowan & Co. Joe Nadol - JP Morgan Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co. Rich Valera - Needham & Co. Larry Harris - CL King Michael French - Morgan Joseph Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Jim Mcilree - Merriman Curhan Ford Mark Jordan - Noble Financial
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Harris Corp. conference call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today’s meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications; please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Hello, everyone. Good afternoon, and welcome to Harris second quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. I’m Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Also on the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, Howard, Gary or our management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures that are non-GAAP financial measures reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures have included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on in the Investor Relations section on our website. With that, Howard, I’ll turn the call to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam and welcome everyone to our second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. Excellent operating performance across the company delivered higher bottom line results in the second quarter. New orders, stronger than the prior year in both the first and second quarters, are expected to drive significant revenue growth in the second half of fiscal 2010. As a result, we have again increased our revenue and earnings guidance for the fiscal year. Looking beyond 2010, our backlog has grown considerably and the business opportunity pipeline for our assured communications solutions remains quite robust. We continue to invest in new products, new capabilities, and adjacent new markets to fuel growth for the longer term. We believe that our strategies will continue to drive growth and deliver solid returns to create value for our shareholders. Revenue in the second quarter was $1.22 billion compared with $1.33 billion in the prior year. New orders for the company were significantly higher, at $1.42 billion compared with $1.03 billion in the prior year led by strong demand for Harris tactical radios, which are delivering combat-proven solutions for the most demanding missions in defense and global security applications. Non-GAAP income excluding acquisition-related costs was also higher in the second quarter at $142 million, or $1.08 per diluted share compared with a strong prior year of $141 million, or $1.05 per share. Combination of factors continued to enhance our bottom line performance in the quarter, including excellent program award fees across the government communications systems business, and strong product gross margins at the RF communications business. Now let’s move on to the segment results. Second quarter revenue for the RF communications segment was $463 million compared with $438 million in the prior year. Tactical radio revenue was $355 million in the quarter and public safety and professional communications revenue was $108 million. Non-GAAP segment income at RF was $171 million in the second quarter, excluding acquisition charges compared with $144 million in the prior year. Segment operating margin was exceptionally strong at 37%, as a result of favorable product mix, the impact of cost reduction actions that we implemented in the second half of fiscal 2009, and strong operating efficiencies. New orders for the segment were also very strong at $626 million in the quarter and that included $554 million for tactical radio systems. Tactical radio orders were much higher than revenue, resulting in a 1.6 book-to-bill. Strong new orders in the first two quarters increased our tactical radio backlog to $953 million at the end of the second quarter. As a result, we now expect year-over-year organic tactical radio revenue growth in the second half of fiscal 2010, with a book-to-bill for the fiscal year greater than one. We expect to enter fiscal 2011 with a solid order backlog of at least $800 million, much higher than at the beginning of fiscal 2010, and we continue to see a very robust pipeline of new opportunities in both the U.S. and International markets. Major tactical radio orders in the quarter included $119 million for our JTRS-approved Falcon III AN/PRC-152 multiband handheld radio systems and a $228 million order for our Falcon II HF radio systems. To date, we’ve received $555 million in orders for radios for use in the new M-ATVs that are being deployed to Afghanistan. Enabled by our successful commercial business model, we began shipping both the Falcon III and Falcon II radios for the M-ATVs literally within hours after receiving the orders in the second quarter. A major milestone in the quarter was the completion of testing and Department of Defense approval of the Harris AN W2 wideband networking waveform. This clears yet another hurdle to widespread adoption fielding of the only wideband networking tactical radio available today. The Harris Falcon II 117 G, the 117 G is NSA certified. It utilizes the new JTRS software communications architecture, and it supports streaming video and other data intensive applications. It interfaces seamlessly into the Department of Defense secure internet protocol network known as super net thereby enabling classified voice, data, and video exchange between commanders in the Pentagon and soldiers on the Battlefield. The networking capability of the 117 G enables the highest command levels for the first time ever to experience firsthand over video exactly what soldiers on the ground are experiencing.  Another example of our continued advancement in technology is the incorporation of the rover waveform into our radios. This enables video surveillance to be transmitted directly from unmanned aircraft to all of the soldiers connected to the 117 G wideband network. Without carrying etc., equipment to accomplish this or wasting valuable time retransmitting. When you put it all together, it should be clear that Harris has established a strong leadership beachhead. We are delivering much needed JTRS compatible tactical radio solutions to the Department of Defense today, head of the programs of record and at a lower cost. Turning to the international markets, major orders were received in the second quarter from customers in Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Sweden and Pakistan. In central Asia in the quarter, Harris received its largest international order to date for a Falcon III radios international version. Our international sales force reports that their opportunity pipeline has grown to about $2 billion, with additional major orders expected this fiscal year from customers in the U.K., Australia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Middle East. In the recently acquired public safety and professional communications business, we believe we are still on target to meet the guidance provided for this fiscal year for revenue and income. Pro forma revenue in this business was up about 6% in the quarter compared to the prior year. New orders were lower than revenue and reflected a few program delays into the second half of the fiscal year. The funnel of opportunities, however, is still very strong and we ended the second quarter with a healthy backlog in this business of $443 million. Major wins in the quarter in the public safety and professional communications business included a four year IDIQ contract from General Dynamics, with an estimated value of $130 million. Harris will provide land mobile radio infrastructure for the first two regions of the integrated wireless network program. Under the contract, Harris was awarded an initial $10 million order to begin work on the Mid-Atlantic region, including Washington, D.C. The i-Win program will implement a new P25 digital communications system to unite mission-critical communications for federal first responders throughout its six regions across the country. The program is being led by the U.S. department of justice in collaboration with the department of the treasury. The new network will be shared by the FBI, ATF, DEA, and the US Marshall Service. Motorola was the incumbent supplier, this important win illustrates our ability to capitalize on the synergies gained from this acquisition and to expand market share. Now let’s look at our results for government communications systems. Revenue in this segment was $647 million compared to $748 million in the prior year. Revenue in the prior year benefited from $172 million in revenue for the field data collection automation program supporting the 2010 census, which as you know, is now winding down. Year-over-year revenue growth excluding the FDCA program and adjusting for the impact of acquisitions was a very strong 9% for the first half of the fiscal year. On that same basis all of our business areas achieved revenue growth, with particular strengths seen in civil programs and IT services. The ramping up of several new major program wins continued to drive revenue growth in the second quarter. These included the GOES-R weather satellite program for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, where we successfully completed the GOES-R initial systems requirements review. Harris is the prime contractor on this project and systems integrator for the 10 year potential $736 million contract and on the modernization of enterprise terminals, or MET program for the army, we successfully completed satellite terminal system qualification testing during the second quarter. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an important part of our growth strategy. During the quarter, we acquired patriot technologies, allowing Harris to be an even stronger provider of enter operable and secure healthcare IT solutions for the federal government markets. This acquisition positions us to deliver a comprehensive solution for integrating the Veterans Affairs and military health systems. Our Healthcare Solutions growth initiative should deliver $60 to $70 million in revenue this fiscal year and the opportunity pipeline has increased to over $500 million in new potential program value. SolaCom ATC contributed to our second quarter results with new international air traffic control communications contracts and contract extensions. Harris will provide critical air-to-ground and ground-to-ground digital communications services for a new Manila Control Center in the Philippines. The Turkish Air Force mobile radar approach control shelters, and air traffic control sites in Angola. Second quarter operating income for government communications systems increased to $87 million compared with $85 million in the prior year. Operating margin was higher at 13.4%, reflecting excellent award fees and program performance across the businesses. Significant milestones were completed during the quarter on the two remaining hoop design satellite reflectors, with the first one now delivered to the customer for spacecraft integration. Second reflector is on schedule and is expected to be delivered within the current estimated costs at completion. Final deliveries for both should occur in fiscal 2010. Finally, here are the broadcast communications results. Revenue was $117 million, about flat sequentially with first quarter revenue. New orders were greater than revenue at $139 million, and were sequentially also higher than the first quarter. The sequential flattening of revenue and the rebound in orders in this still very tough market environment were both encouraging and are hopefully signs that we are in fact beginning to see a recovery in the global broadcast markets. As the economy improves and advertising revenues begin to improve, we should see some acceleration in capital spending by global broadcast and media networks. In the second quarter, the broadcast communications segment posted an operating loss of about $5 million. Operating performance was impacted by product mix, combined with our increasing investments in new media initiatives, including markets such as mobile TV and digital signage, and higher investments in international markets. These are all areas we believe critical to the future success of this business. We were encouraged by several new wins in the quarter and other initiatives that are underway. In Australia, we had a key win at the seven networks in the quarter where we began work on converting their first 6 of 36 channels to HDTV. This follows a previous win at Sydney broadcasting systems, also in Australia. During the quarter, we also announced the significant role we are playing in assisting Canada’s Olympic Broadcast Media Consortium to provide live broadcasting for the winter games in Vancouver. Every broadcaster in the world will be there, as we showcase our latest solutions. We expect our performance to position Harris quite well to earn more business to support broadcasts of the 2012 world cup and the summer games. In sports and live event venues, Harris is quickly becoming the acknowledged leader in providing solutions which combine broadcast and IPTV services to enhance both fan and viewer experiences. Many arenas and stadiums are modernizing their facilities, including updating their broadcast control rooms and broadcast infrastructure capabilities. We previously announced a major project with the Orlando Magic and the new Amway Center in Orlando. In the second quarter, we were awarded new business at the Madison Square Garden network and The New Meadowlands Stadium and we are in active negotiations with other venues, looking to upgrade their facilities and their capabilities. In one of our more exciting cross-division initiatives, we have successfully integrated broadcast and government communications technology to create same. The Harris Full-Motion Video Asset Management Engine, VAME helps government customers capture, store, retrieve, analyze and distribute video intelligence information. Several systems have already been deployed in the field and we are getting major media and industry attention on this unique Harris capability. We now have a VAME opportunity pipeline totaling $250 million. Let me now ask our CFO, Gary McArthur, to comment on the financial results for the second quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon. From balance sheet and liquidity perspectives, we had another very solid quarter. As of quarter end, we had $310 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand and $705 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility. We generated $187 million in cash flow from operations and $165 million in free cash flow. Our revolving credit facility does not come up for renewal until 2013 and we have no long term debt maturities coming due until October of 2015. On a separate, but related note, all our domestic retirement plans are defined contribution plans. Worldwide, we have only one defined benefit plan with benefit obligations of just over 50 million, which are funded in accordance with U.K. law. Based on our very strong first half results and our outlook for a strong second half, we are increasing our forecasts for cash flow from operations for the year from a range of $600 to $650 million to between $650 and $700 million. During the quarter, we acquired Patriot Technologies for $35 million in cash, repurchased $50 million of our outstanding common stock, at an average purchase price of $43.78 per share, and as of quarter end, we have $550 million remaining under our stock repurchase program. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $39 million, as compared to $43 million in the second quarter of the prior year. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2010 are unchanged at $160 to $170 million. Capital expenditures were $22 million for the second quarter as compared to $35 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2009. Our current guidance for fiscal year 2010 for CapEx is unchanged at between $150 and $160 million. The effective tax rate in the second quarter was 32%. Our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2010 remains at 34%, noting, again, that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events. In summary, we continue to operate from a very strong financial foundation. Back to you Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Before we open up the line for your questions, let me provide some perspective on our revised revenue and earnings outlook for fiscal 2010. As we said, we have once again increased our full year non-GAAP earnings for fiscal 2010. The new range is $4.25 to $4.35 per share. That’s about a 10% increase compared to our previous range of $3.85 to $3.95 per share. Revenue in fiscal 2010 is now expected to be in a range of 5% to 6% higher for the year than the prior year, between $5.2 and $5.3 billion. For the RF communications segment, fiscal 2010 revenue is now expected to be in a range of 17% to 19% higher than fiscal 2009. That includes the contribution of the acquired public safety and professional communications business of about $500 million, consistent with our prior guidance. Segment operating margin for the year is now projected to be about 33% and that’s compared to our previous guidance of 29% to 31%. We expect segment operating margin in the third fiscal quarter to remain quite high, at about 37%, comparable to the second quarter, and then because of mix to decline to a more typical level in the fourth quarter. Again, the higher operating margin is being driven by favorable tactical radio product mix, the impact of cost reduction actions that were taken, and favorable operational efficiencies. The acquired public safety and personal communications business is performing about as we expected. For government communications systems, we expect revenue for fiscal 2010 in a range of 0% to 2% above the prior year. After adjusting for the impact of acquisitions and excluding the FDCA program supporting the 2010 census, which we’ve noted is winding down, the guidance reflects underlying growth of about 9% compared to the prior year. Operating margin is now expected to be about 12.5% that’s slightly higher than our previous guidance as a result of continued strong program performance and related award fees. For broadcast communications, we’ve reduced our expected revenue a bit to a range of $490 to $510 million, with operating margin of 1% to 3% of revenue. The new outlook reflects a pickup, though, in both revenue and income in the second half as a result of our building backlog in the first half on better first half orders. With that, I’ll ask the operator to open the line and we’ll be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jason Kupferberg - UBS
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Given the fact that the backlog is really building nicely here, especially in RF comment, at what point in time do you think you’ll be in a position to offer some initial guidance on fiscal ‘11? I know you’ve done it at different points in the future, whether it be your fiscal third quarter call or if there’s going to be a spring analyst meeting, or how should we think about potential timing on that?
Howard Lance: Jason, no decision’s been made precisely on when we’ll offer specific guidance, but clearly comments I’ve made today should suggest that we’re feeling very good about how we’re going to perform in the second half of this year across the company and how we’re going to end the year, especially in the critical area of Tactical Radio backlog. So we’re feeling much stronger about that and feel like we have a lot of good momentum as we head into the second half and we’re certainly hopeful that we’ll continue into next year.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Just one clarification on the increased outlook for fiscal ‘10, it looks like its incremental pretax margins of about 80% on the $100 million increase in the revenue outlook. So if that math is right, is that just RF com mix that’s really driving those very high incremental margins, or are there other factors at work here that we should be aware of?
Howard Lance: It’s principally the tactical radio mix, but we’ve also increased our expectation for margins in the Government Communications Systems segment, and even movement there of maybe 50 basis points on a relatively large revenue number clearly is helping income and EPS, Jason.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna - Cowan & Co.
Gautam Khanna - Cowan & Co.: Just want to make sure I understand this. If I ascribe an 8% to 10% operating margin on the Tyco business, the implied margin and the core RF legacy business is like 45% this quarter. Could you walk me through kind of, I understand you said it’s going to tick down in Q4, but I mean to what level are we sort of expectations going forward in Q4 and beyond?
Howard Lance: Again, we’re not going to get into individual quarterly guidance. I think we’ve provided color around Q3 looking a lot like Q2. Q4, we expect sequentially to have lower margins in Tactical Radios and the segment than in Q3, where it goes in the long run is still TBD. We started out this year, if you’ll recall, at something in the 27% to 29% margin range for the segment, so including Tactical Radios, as well as the acquired Public Safety business. I certainly see that as a floor going forward. We’re doing much better than that this year. The whole segment, we’re now up to 33%, and as we go into next year, it’s going to have a lot to do with the mix and the volume and our ability to continue to leverage it. So I think the end points in that discussion are probably kind of the guidance we provided at the beginning of this year and where we are now. I don’t expect it, Gautam, to drop off a step to that, but we would expect to see in ‘11 somewhat lower margins. How much, I think we don’t have that visibility yet in terms of exactly what the product mix will look like and the total revenue. So we’ll provide more color as we’re going forward, but we don’t want to set an expectation that we will maintain operating margins at Q2 or Q3 levels because that’s not probably realistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Nadol - JP Morgan.
Joe Nadol - JP Morgan: Just wanted to follow-up on that same topic, on the mix, Howard, could you help us out understand, where in the RF business the mix is favorable. Is this M-ATV, or volume, or is it international, or what exactly is a good mix in Q2 and Q3? Then secondly, in the costs side, which you highlighted last quarter as well as this quarter, is R&D a big component to this or are there multiple factors?
Howard Lance: First of all, in terms of the product mix that drives the gross margin, Joe, it’s a function of which products we’re getting orders for, whether it’s just radios, is it vehicular adapters, is it a lot of ancillary equipment, what contracts are they buying under, so there’s a fair amount of variability, depending on those factors. Clearly, it’s being driven in aggregate by the $555 million of orders to-date for the M-ATV program. With regard to the cost side of the equation, clearly this year’s turning out to be a lot stronger than we expected, we took actions in the second half of last year to take costs out. Frankly, we didn’t take a lot out of R&D. We took it out of other areas, and we also, what we did reduce from R&D was largely on R&D provided by outside partners rather than our inside headcount. As we’re going through this year now, we’re ramping some of that backup, but as is usually the case, the revenues coming in stronger than we’re adding costs. So that’s where we talk about getting the benefit of the cost reductions. I feel like we’re spending at a very good rate in R&D. We’re not starving R&D at all. In fact, we will continue to invest as effectively as we can, because that engine of new products is what will continue to drive our growth going forward, as it has in the past, producing the whole Falcon III product line, making enhancements to the product line, and adding on additional capabilities. Then finally, when you get a big ramp up in volume after you’ve taken your manufacturing overhead costs down, expecting a slowdown, you get a lot of operational efficiency leverage on that. So it’s lots of factors coming together. We’re going to benefit from it in a major way in Q2 and Q3. We’re still going to have very good margins in Q4, but, and going forward, but not quite at this overheated level of Q2 and Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: I had a question on the ATV program and orders you received to-date. Given the number of orders we’ve seen to-date, and it looks like, you know, JROC is actually increasing the authorization for the number of those vehicles, assuming that you’re taking this whole source, and I haven’t seen any other contract awards, it looks as though you could see upsize orders on this in the range of maybe another 300 million to 500 million. Does that sound about right?
Howard Lance: So to-date, Chris, we have booked orders of 555 million against the initial authorized construction amount of 6,600 and change units. We have not booked any orders against the potential additional 4,000 units. So to the extent that we can win business in those 4,000 that does represent upside this year and/or next year. In terms of how much we’ll get out of that, if you just ratio the numbers, it’s somewhere between zero and probably 300 million or so. We’ve got to go in that business in the same way that we did. The orders we’ve received, so I don’t want you to conclude because we haven’t concluded that those are going to be given to us 100%. Again, it plays on winning the business and also how they decide to configure. They may not configure the next 4,000. Some of those are M-ATVs from Oshkosh. Some of those are other vehicles coming from other manufacturers. They may choose to configure them slightly different in terms of the mix of which ones get an HF radio, which ones get the VHF and multiband radios. Make no mistake, we’re going to go after all the business we can and it does represent an upside of, potentially as high, I suppose as $300 million, $350 million, but that’s not representative in our guidance per se and don’t know what the timing or ultimate award of that will be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Just following up on that, just to clarify quickly, the $800 million that you’re targeting for tactical RF backlog at year end would exclude any incremental orders above and beyond the 6,000 plus those are program of record, is that right?
Gary McArthur: So, Myles, the guidance on our backlog makes an assumption of orders for the year, for Tactical Radios and as we’ve said before, we look at our pipeline of billions of dollars of opportunities and we try and go through and factor those into that guidance, but it does not explicitly expect that we’re going to get orders against those 4,000 additional units. Don’t know, when those orders would even be released, whether they will be in the next six months or after the six months. Don’t know how many of those we’ll win. So I think for all purposes, there’s not a significant amount in our current estimates for backlog for additional orders on what we call Phase II of the M-ATV program, the additional 4,000 units.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera - Needham & Co.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: You mentioned your international pipeline was $2 billion, Howard, today that was up. Can you give us what that prior number was and what the increase was due to?
Howard Lance: I think the magnitude of the increase is kind of $1.5 billion, up to $2 billion. The total Tactical Radio pipeline has been pretty steady in the $3.5 billion to $4 billion range. So we’ve seen a little bit of a reduction in the U.S. pipeline, as we’ve gotten the orders and a little bit of an increase in the international pipeline, as some of those orders have slipped into the second half of the year. So the total pipeline hasn’t changed much. It’s really more of a function of the timing. We still are very bullish and probably in Central Asia, our optimism for countries, Afghanistan, Pakistan, many of the other markets around the current conflict, and as a result of NATO forces going into support along with U.S. forces, we’re feeling pretty strongly that probably there’s more, not less demand in that part of the world, but overall feeling very good about the international market. In selected countries, I think we have probably seen some delay in orders due to the overall economies in countries, where they are funding their own purchases and even a few FMS programs have slipped a little, not because of the money issues, but because all the focus in procurement in DoD as it should be, has been focused around the M-ATV program and urgent operational needs.  So the important point is, we haven’t lost any international business. I think we’re going to see a very strong second half in orders international, and we’re going to see a very strong fiscal ‘11 in international.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Harris - CL King.
Larry Harris - CL King: Just sort of following up on that international item, I think last quarter it was mentioned that some of the international shipments had been pushed out because the capacity issues. Wondering if you can give a sense in terms of, what the current sales mix is to say, between domestic versus international and say, Falcon II versus Falcon III?
Howard Lance: Falcon III, Larry, is clearly on the rise as a result of the real ramp up in penetration and adoption of 117G and now what we felt was just a very important statement that the Department of Defense made in putting the AN/PRC-152 and its vehicular adapter version of the 110. So the Falcon III handheld into the M-ATVs, suggests that adoption of the Harris Falcon III is now in kind of full bloom. I don’t know the precise percentages. It’s still going to be well less than half of our revenue because the HF radios are still classified as Falcon II technology. So it’s still going to be less than half, but it’s growing obviously and I think what I’m very excited about with our team is not only the adoption. The margins on the Falcon IIIs are right there with our previous technology, even though we’re still fairly, early. So to me, that’s very encouraging. So as our teams are doing a great job in taking costs out, I think still continues to validate the value of the commercial model and allowing us to price based on value, but in improved margins, when we can take cost out. With regard to the specific mix of international and domestic, obviously it has changed when we where at the beginning of the year kind of saying 50/50 now. It’s clearly swung more on the side of the Department of Defense business, not because international customers don’t want the product, but because the prioritization. We push that international there about as far as we will push them out. So again, I don’t know specifically, what the mix is. I’m not sure all that significant, Larry. I think going forward, what’s important is, we expect to certainly see more of that 50/50 kind of mix broadly in the long run. We expect to see FY ‘11 and beyond returning to year-over-year growth in shipments. We’ll have a good year in orders, but shipments won’t be all that robust in international because of the timing and our scheduling of the orders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael French - Morgan Joseph.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph: Obviously, the Pentagon budget was passed late and they were operating under continuing resolutions during the quarter, and some of the money is still trickling through. Obviously, you didn’t see any slowdowns on the Tactical Radio side, but I’m wondering if there’s anyplace where you did see order delays and that’s likely to be accelerated in the current quarter.
Howard Lance: I think that we expect our national business to be picking up. It was up in the first half, as all of the segments were the business areas within the Government Systems segment, but we’re expecting money to be flowing more readily to the National Intelligence Programs that we participate on the second half of our fiscal year. So it’s part of what is giving us good optimism that we can ex the fit care program continue to have underlying growth of about 9%. Our Government Systems business, which we think is extremely competitive from a peer standpoint based on how we see other companies performing, and giving guidance. So, again, we think our mix of programs, mix of customers, really does give us a very good diversification. Other than that, I’m not aware of any particular impact we’ve seen from the continuing resolution up until now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson: I really don’t think you’re going to be able to escape the RF questions tonight great job on the quarter. The guidance, what I’m trying to do is determine from the margin guidance, should we expect to see without getting specific, a pretty significant surge in revenue in the third quarter and then back down in Q4? Then as we get into 2011, I know you talked about a robust outlook, but, are you comfortable at this point saying that you would expect 2011 to be a growth year from an earnings perspective?
Howard Lance: Well, first of all, speaking to Tactical Radio, we expect Q3 based on the guidance we give, you would conclude the second half revenue is going to be stronger than the first half. In terms of the two quarters, probably about the same at this point, but earnings in the third quarter, because of the margin guidance we’ve given, will probably be higher than they will in the fourth quarter in terms of segment income from Tactical Radios. So revenue probably about the same in the two quarters for Tactical Radios that’s the only thing that you were asking about, and income from Tactical Radios, probably a little higher in Q3 than Q4, because of the higher mixes more favorable mix and higher margin. In terms of growth, beyond that, all I will say is I’m feeling much better about this business and the outlook than we were six months ago. I think back to a year ago on this call, when we were talking about ‘10 being a down year. Obviously, we were far too pessimistic. At this point, we have a lot of very good momentum, not just in Tactical Radios, but the contribution from the acquisition in Public Safety, given this great platform for growth there, Government Systems, which we don’t spend a lot talking about the other, you know, $2.5 billion or $3 billion business, but it’s outgrowing its peers and providing significantly, I think a very good competitive margins there. So overall, I think the tone is very positive, not only for the second half, but for next year. Will we deliver or be able to commit to delivering higher EPS next year than this year as a company? I don’t know. Time will tell, but I’m certainly feeling very positive about it and you know that’s certainly our objective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Mcilree - Merriman Curhan Ford.
Jim Mcilree - Merriman Curhan Ford: You talk about the impact of ANW2 on your revenue growth over the next year or so, and particularly the impact it might have on margins, given that it’s just a software add to the 117G?
Howard Lance: Jim, it’s a great question, and I think, you’re hunting in the right place. The ANW2, while it is not at this point been adopted as a long term JTRS solution as the SRW, or WNW waveforms are supposed to be, it’s available now, it works, it’s been now approved for deployment, and it gives us really clear air in terms of having the only wide band networking solution at a time when our troops and our allies desperately need it for current operations in Afghanistan. So it’s, it’s a real positive, and we certainly have the opportunity to use it to enhance or at a minimum, maintain margins going forward as you indicate. So I think you hit the nail on the head and in terms of how long we have this lead remains to be seen, but right now, we’re the only ones that have it. Whether the ANW2 will ever be adopted long term as a standard, I don’t know. It has a lot to do with the performance of the other programs of record and whether they really get approval and are ready to introduce this other wave forms, but we have clearly a lead and we’re trying to take full advantage of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Jordan - Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: Likely to go back and look talk a little bit about the public service radial accent issue, when that was purchased, you stated that you’re looking for modest growth this year kind of a push on a profit contribution standpoint, but assumed in the second year of ownership that it would be much more accretive. Could you give an update as to what’s your expectations are now relative to this forecast of about nine months ago?
Howard Lance: We’re very pleased that we are still feeling good about delivering the guidance that we announced when we did the acquisition, around about $500 million in revenue, and 8% to 10% EBIT margins. The top line was up about 6% in the quarter. We’re pleased with that. We have a lot of opportunities in the pipeline. We’re very pleased to try and be the supporter on the i-Win program commitment for the first two regions. There are four more. So the opportunity there to triple the $130 million or so is out there if we perform and that was clearly a very competitive situation that we prevailed. I think it illustrates the synergies we hoped were there, to put together Harris and the former M/A-COM business, strengths from both companies coming together to create a more formidable competitor. I’m very pleased that we’re off to a good start. Our long term vision hasn’t changed. This acquisition is all about top line growth and market share gains, and that will bring along with it the higher growth, higher volume, will bring along expanded margins. So I haven’t seen anything in our first six months of ownership that suggests that we’re not on the right path. We clearly have to execute.  I think we talked earlier about some of our programs that had been previously won, that were not performing quite as well in terms of hitting schedules and hitting performance. I’m very pleased to report that we’ve made a lot of progress there, as we’ve helped to focus the Public Safety team, bring in additional resources from both RF and our Government Systems group, to help them get some of these programs on track, and some of those problematic programs are now going to be our best advocates for testimonials to other customers going forward, so lots of progress, but still lots of work there.  The pipeline still has a lot of big opportunities in it, and I’m hopeful that over the next six months we’ll be able to talk about some other major wins that helped illustrate it’s not just talk, we’re actually delivering on the synergy opportunities that we spoke of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.: I just wanted to ask again, I think you made a comment earlier about exiting fiscal ‘10 with about $800 million of core RF backlog. Is that you’re expecting to book-to-bill of less than one. Is that in the second half and is that just because of the M-ATV winds down and conversion of some of the international bookings will move out to the right? How should we think about, like what kind of has to tail off to get there?
Howard Lance: The book-to-bill and I’m going for memory, that I think the book-to-bill on RF Tactical was 1.9 in the first quarter, 1.6 in this quarter. Those are numbers that we would not expect to sustain. Obviously, they come in big lumps. $800 million implies a positive book-to-bill for the year, but not 1.6 or 1.9. So you’re right, you do the math, you get slightly less than 1.0 in the second half. Maybe, we’re conservative, but that’s kind of our current read on it, and as indicated, it does not include potential upside from the Phase II of the M-ATV program, or other things that may be in the pipeline that we haven’t fully realized in our forecast. What’s important is strong momentum coming into the second half of the year and into fiscal ‘11, which is quite a different situation than we were sitting with at the beginning of fiscal ‘10. We expect to have a much larger backlog, $800 million I think that compares with something under $500 million at the beginning of this year, and with potential to do even better than that. So we’re feeling pretty positive, but clearly we’ve gotten a very, very strong first half of orders from DoD and we wouldn’t expect that same volume of DoD orders in the second half currently, but I guess as we’ve seen, the visibility has had more upside and we haven’t had quite the visibility to call it. I don’t feel like there’s a lot of downside to that particular guidance and the order outlook, so I think you’re doing the math about right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael French - Morgan Joseph.
Michael French - Morgan Joseph: I had a question about the same product. That was really a standout product at the IT sec. I was wondering, if you could provide some more information on the opportunities you discuss particularly a timing of any potential orders.
Howard Lance: We think the opportunities some of that forecast is clearly near term. The major program we’re working on that we’ve already received some orders on is called Valiant Angel. Lockheed Martin is the prime contractor, and we are providing this VAME technology as part of an integrated system to collect and store and analyze all of this video data. There are significant opportunities to expand the Valiant Angel program and then there are a number of other programs like Valiant Angel. We can’t talk about the details, but I can tell you that some of them are what you might call strategic, very big pipes, gathering data, and analyzing it, and other programs are more tactical in nature, more theater of operations oriented gathering and analyzing in the field level, but lots of different opportunities. Again, right now, we don’t expect to own the market, but we have developed a very unique solution based on this commercial broadcast capability for digital asset management and then wrapping around that specific needs for the intelligence customers and for Department of Defense. That’s about all I can say about the details, but it’s a unique capability. It’s good margin business. It helps volumes and margins at broadcast, but also the value-added Government Systems as we integrate the unique needs of our National Intelligence customers.
Operator: Your final question comes from Mark Jordan - Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: Question is Howard, relative to the FAA. Is there any Postmortem on the network outage and has that had any impact on your marketing position potentially, say, for the next generation contract that’s out there?
Howard Lance: I don’t think it’s had any impact on our credibility as a current major communications partner for the FAA or for the future. The blue ribbon panel is doing their work as announced. There’s also a technical panel and I believe that both of them will include that this was an anomaly having to do with the changeover of the network to the new optical back bone. Certainly there will be some lessons learned that we’ll take away from it and that the FAA will takeaway from it and that will help us to work better together and more effectively in the future, but it really was an anomaly, not something we expect to repeat and overall, the FTI network has had exemplary performance in terms of its availability and its ability to lower the operating costs for the FAA, which were both objectives in the program. So I don’t think there will be any ongoing negative impact.
Pamela Padgett: Okay and I thank everyone for joining us today. We appreciate it.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Harris Corporation first quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Harris Corporation first quarter fiscal 2010 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett Vice President Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. On the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO, Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions risks and uncertainties please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non GAAP financial measures reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures have included the tables of our press release and on the investor relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the investor relations section of our website. Howard with that I will turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam and welcome everyone to our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. Results in the first quarter were excellent. New orders, revenue and earnings exceeded our expectations driven by strong performance in the order of communications and government communication system segments. The positive order trends and increasing opportunities and in our tactical radio business that began to emerge in our fiscal fourth quarter strengthened considerably in the first quarter. This provides us with renewed confidence in both the near term and longer term earnings outlook for Harris. For fiscal 2010, we have increased our full year non-GAAP earnings guidance by $0.45 per share, a 13% increase, to a new range of $3.85 to $3.95 per share. The new guidance reflects much higher expected tactical radio orders, revenue and income from the U.S. Department of Defense, as well as increased confidence in the underlying growth and strong earnings performance in our government communications business. Revenue was $1.20 billion in the first quarter, 3% higher than the prior year quarter of $1.17 billion. We achieved strong organic growth of 8% in government communications systems. Revenue in the quarter also benefited from several fiscal 2009 acquisitions including Tyco Electronics wireless systems, Crucial Security, and SolaCom ATC. Non GAAP income which excludes acquisition related expenses was $109 million or $0.83 cents per share, compared to $119 million or $0.89 cents per share in the prior year. As expected, lower earnings resulted primarily from lower tactical radio revenue in the first quarter, due to order delays, which occurred during fiscal 2009 at the DoD and the Iraq ministry of defense. Orders for the quarter were very strong, at $1.5 billion; orders were higher than the $1.1 billion in the prior year first quarter and also higher sequentially than the $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter. More important, orders were much higher than revenue, and our opportunity pipeline continues to be strong. Clearly signaling that the DoD procurement delays we previously experienced are now behind us. And that the adoption of our new Falcon III 117G JTRS approved multi band man packed radio has accelerated. Let me now move on to the individual segment results for the quarter. First quarter revenue for the RF Communications segment was $424 million, compared to $415 million in the prior year quarter. Again, as we expected, revenue from the tactical radio business of $303 million was lower than the prior year, due to order timing in both the U.S. and international markets. Segment income was $121 million in the quarter, excluding acquisition-related expenses, compared to $142 million in the prior year. Segment operating margin was 28.4% higher than previously expected due to favorable product mix and the impact of cost reduction actions implemented in the second half of fiscal 2009. RF segment orders in the first quarter were very strong at $709 million, including $586 million from the tactical radio business. Tactical radio orders were much higher than revenue resulting in a 1.9 book to bill ratio. Orders were driven by a rebound in DoD tactical radio procurements that began as you will recall in the fourth quarter and by accelerating customer adoption of the next generation Falcon III ANPRC 117G multi-band man pack radio. Tactical radio backlog stood at $760 million at the end of the first quarter. Orders included $220 million for the new 117G marking the beginning of wide spread customer adoption of this new JTRS approved tactical radio. Orders came from a broad base of DoD customers, who are using the radio in a variety of ground, vehicular and airborne applications. The adoption of the Falcon III 117G builds on our previous success, with over 100,000 JTRS approved Falcon III 152 hand held radios now shipped to customers. The 117G is being deployed with the U.S. Army in Afghanistan, and is the first JTRS approved ground tactical radio to be used in a wide band networking battlefield application. The 117G's wide band capabilities support streaming video and other data intensive applications, including soldier to soldier data transmission. The 117G is NSA approved, and it interfaces seamlessly to the DoD secure Internet protocol router network known as Supernet enabling classified voice and data exchange between the Pentagon and units at the lowest tactical levels on the battle field. This capability is unprecedented. The 117G also communicates over current generation UHF tactical military satellites while also provides future upgradeability to communicate over the next generation mobile user objective satellite or MUOS system. Falcon 3 117G orders in the quarter included an initial $165 million order from the U.S. Army as part of a $419 million basic purchasing agreement. Also in the first quarter, the Air Force to ordered 117G radios for both airborne and ground based ISR applications, including a follow on order for their project Liberty aircraft and ground stations. These aircraft are configured to collect and distribute full motion video and other intelligence data. In addition, we received our first 117G order from the U.S. Coast Guard. 117G multiband radios will replace aging UHF SATCOM, ground to air, ship-to-ship and ship-to-shore radios on their largest cutter class vessels. We see a significant future opportunities with the Coast Guard as we expect the radios to migrate to smaller ships, as they begin to realize and understand the capabilities of the 117G. Also in the quarter, Harris received $180 million in Falcon II HF and multi-band tactical radio orders for use in MRAP all-terrain vehicles. These new off-road vehicles are being quickly deployed to Afghanistan to protect troops from improvised explosive devices, or IEDs. We expect significant additional MRAP ATV orders in the second quarter. On October 16, Marine Core Systems Command announced its intention to purchase up to 6100 additional Harris Falcon II HF radio systems, with an estimated IDIQ contract value of $334 million. We believe the recent orders represent a positive change in DoDs plans to procure commercially developed tactical radios and communication systems for a variety of platforms for the long term. We also believe that communications technology will continue to evolve at a very rapid pace, as users demand better, faster and more dynamic communications capabilities. Harris will be the driving force behind this continued innovation. Harris is now been embraced by all branches of the U.S. armed forces as the leading commercial supplier of JTRS approved ground tactical radios. Our Falcon III multiband radios clearly have the broadest capabilities available, including wideband networking and TACSAT connectivity. And our battle proven Falcon II HF and multi-band radios have been selected for use on the newest MRAP ATVs, providing assured communications in Afghanistan. As a commercial supplier to the DoD, Harris RF has been presented with a significant market opportunity, and we believe it plays directly to the strengths of our business model. We've invested hundreds of millions of dollars in R&D and production capacity and have hit the mark with both product performance and availability on tactical radios. We've been able to meet the DoD's demanding mission requirements today, not sometime in the future and supply communication systems with complete interoperability and high reliability. In partnership with our DoD customers, we have demonstrated the capability to be their go-to supplier of critical tactical communications. As evidenced by the recent and planned procurements. Be believes this works very well for the longer term outlook of our business. International revenue and orders decreased in the quarter as some programs were delayed, and as production was prioritized to meet accelerated DoD delivery requirements. Our international sales force continues to report that the opportunity pipeline is robust. Large international orders this year are expected from Australia, Pakistan, Mexico, the UK, and Iraq. In the public safety and professional communications business, new orders of $123 million were slightly ahead of revenue. The business had a healthy backlog of $470 million at the end of the first quarter. Although it's still early in the fiscal year, we believe this business is on target for revenue, orders and income and will meet our expectations. Highlights in the quarter included orders for more than 1,000 of our new unity XG100 radios from wide variety of customers. This new software-defined multi-band hand held radio provides full spectrum interoperability among federal, state and local agencies. Our government communications system segment had another very strong quarter. Orders were $672 million, increasing 8% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Revenue was $668 million, increasing 10% compared to the prior year quarter. Segment income was $86 million. Segment operating margin was a strong 12.8%, reflecting excellent performance across a wide range of programs. As well as favorable award fees on the FAA, telecommunications infrastructure program known as FTI. The FTI program has completed its equipment build-out phase and is now transitioning to its telecommunications services and maintenance phase. During the quarter, we began to increase capacity on the FTI network by installing a nationwide optical backbone in support of the FAA NextGen programs. In addition the new optical backbone will provide even higher levels of network reliability by using a dual ring architecture, interconnecting the networks through 42 nationwide carrier grade telecommunications centers. Our revenue drivers in the quarter at GCSD included the war fighter information network tactical program for the U.S. Army, the commercial broadband satellite program for the U.S. Navy, several classified programs for national intelligence customers, a Patriot IT services program for the national reconnaissance office and net sense IT services program for the U.S. Air Force. Revenue also benefited from the start up of two new programs, the ground processing segment of the GOES-R weather satellite program for the national oceanic and atmospheric administration, and the modernization of enterprise terminals net program for the Army. New contract wins in the quarter included a $120 million in national intelligence programs and several IT service program wins collectively valued at more than $400 million including a five-year $200 million contract with the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Counselor Affairs. Harris will provide critical IT services in support of immigration and VISA services for U.S. citizens of domestically and overseas and services for foreign visitors traveling to the U.S. Fourth quarter revenue in the broadcast communication segment was $119 million, compared with $130 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year. New orders were greater than revenue at $124 million and about on par with orders in the fourth quarter. The first fiscal quarter is normally our lowest on a seasonal basis. Segment income in the first quarter was $0.3 million. Positive profitability was achieved on substantially lower revenue than the prior year first quarter, primarily as the result of significant cost reduction actions that we implemented in fiscal 2009. We believe this business has bottomed out from the perspective of quarterly revenue and income and we don't expect to see results decline any further going forward. However, we're cautious regarding the recovery timetable, since so much hinges on a rebound in advertising revenue and the subsequent resumption of capital spending by our broadcast and media customers. Key wins in the quarter included transmitter for the rollout of digital TV networks in Rwanda and Mexico. Harris ONE workflow solutions for Meredith Corporations central casting hub in Phoenix, for the NSHS home shopping channel in South Korea and multiple equipment orders were received to enable China central televisions coverage of the Vancouver 2010 Olympic winter games. Also during the quarter, Harris broadcast was awarded the contract from Lockheed Martin to provide special video systems for U.S. joint forces command. These systems use advanced broadcast technologies to collect, archive, exploit, and disseminate full motion video that is collected for manned and unmanned aircraft and ground-based sensors. Harris system incorporates our proprietary full motion video asset management engine technology or fame. We believe this technology continues to have broad application in both government and commercial markets. In early October we announced that Tim Thorsteinson, President of Harris Broadcast Communications was retiring. Over the past four years, Tim has expanded our international sales capability, led the effort to position Harris as the leader in complete workflow solutions and he has driven our expansion into new media markets. I want to personally thank Tim for his contributions to Harris and wish him very well. While we are searching for a successor, Harris’s Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur will take any the additional role of President of Broadcast Communications. And let me now turn the call over to Gary to discuss first quarter cash flow performance.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. To begin with, I would like to say a few words about our liquidity. As of quarter end, we had $231 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, and $725 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility, which does not come up for renewal until 2013. We have no long term debt maturities coming due until October of 2015. In August, we met with both S&P and Moody's confirming that we were very solid in our BBB plus BAA 1 credit ratings with capacity at those ratings to raise additional debt. On a separate but related note, all our domestic retirement plans are defined contribution plans. Worldwide, we have only one defined benefit plan with benefit obligations totaling $54 million, which are funded in accordance with U.K. law. Moving now to Q1 results, cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $135 million, as compared to $38 million in the first quarter of the prior year. Free cash flow was $114 million. Based on our expected stronger operating results at RF Communications and government communication systems, we are increasing our forecast for cash flow from operations for the year from $525 million to $575 million, to between $600 million, and $650 million. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $42 million, essentially flat with the first quarter of 2009. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for to fiscal year 2010 are unchanged at $160 million to $170 million. Capital expenditures were $21 million for the first quarter, as compared to $32 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Our current guidance for fiscal year 2010 CapEx is unchanged at between $150 million, and $160 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $50 million of our outstanding stock at an average price per share of $34.64. As of quarter end, we have $600 million remaining under our stock repurchase program. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 35%, Our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2010 remains at 34%, noting however, that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events in summary, we continue to operate from a very solid financial foundation. Back to you Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me conclude my remarks this afternoon by adding some color around our revised revenue and earnings outlook. As I've already indicated, we significantly increased our guidance for non-GAAP income from continuing operations for fiscal 2010 to a new range of $3.85 to $3.95 per diluted share, compared with our previous range of $3.40 to $3.50 per share. As a reminder non-GAAP guidance only excludes acquisition-related costs the new guidance is $3.74 to $3.84 per share on a GAAP basis, compared with our previous range, $3.25 to $3.40 per share. Revenue in fiscal 2010 is now expected to be in a range of $5.1 to $5.2 billion. For the RF Communications segment, fiscal 2010 revenue is now expected to be in a range of $1.9 to $2.0 billion including revenue of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion for the tactical radio business. Segment operating margin for the year is now expected to be in a range from 29% to 31%, as a result of the higher volume, favorable tactical radio product mix and lower operating costs. Previously operating margin was expected in a range from 25% to 27%. For government communication systems, revenue for fiscal 2010 is now expected in a range of $2.7 to $2.75 billion or 0% to 2% above the prior year. After adjusting revenue for the impact of our two small acquisitions and the lower revenue from the FDCA program for the U.S. census bureau, which you recall is ramping down this year, year-over-year under lying growth is expected to be a very strong 9%. Operating margin and government communication systems is now expected to be at about 12% of revenue for the year. For broadcast communications we lowered our fiscal 2010 revenue forecast to a range of $525 to $550 million, reflecting a slower expected recovery in orders growth to the continuing global economic recession. Operating margin at broadcast is now expected to be 4% to 5% for the year as a result of the lower volume. At this time, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll take your questions.
Pamela Padgett: And operator before we take a question, I just want to encourage everyone to try to keep it at the one question. If you have a follow-up or another question, you can just come back to the queue, and hopefully this way we'll get everyone on the call to be able to have the opportunity to ask at least one question. Okay operator.
Operator: Okay. Great, thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll take the first question from Tim Quillin with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Tim Quillin: Good afternoon. Nice results. You alluded to, I think, a potential radio order from Iraq, and you talked previously about the Iraq MOD order. Could you just give us an update on where you stand there? Thank you.
Howard Lance: Tom, nothing specific, other than we continue to be very bullish in the long run, regarding opportunities in Iraq, both with the ministry of interior, where we have gotten a number of orders in the recent quarters, as well as the Ministry of Defense, where it's been a few quarters since we've received any orders. We now think that these order wills spread out over time, will come in small chunks perhaps $10 million, $20 million, and $30 million. At this point, don't know precisely when we'll get the next order, but they're certainly queuing up in the pipeline. We still think over the long run there are hundreds of millions of dollars of radio opportunities for us in Iraq, as they transition and get on the ground their own com equipment.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jim McIlree with Collins Stewart. Please go ahead.
Jim McIlree: Could you repeat what you said the backlog was on the tactical radios and then of that backlog, how much is Falcon III related?
Howard Lance: I'll look it up here. I believe its $760 million, Jim, is the backlog for tactical radios, and I don't know the precise breakout between the two. We talked about our orders of $220 million in the quarter for Falcon III. I suspect very few of those shipped at this point, but don't have any specifics on the split.
Operator: And the next question will come from Joe Campbell with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. Joe Campbell - Barclays Capital Hi, it's actually Carter Copeland. Just wanted to say first off great quarter, guys.
Joe Campbell: One quick one. With respect to jitters changing, you know, control of the program from to the Army, how, if at all, does that change the nature of your interaction with the customer and, you know, obviously with the new product offerings and the success you're having with the Army, you know, what's changed in your mind and how you go to market and how you interact with that customer base now that the nature of the jitters program has sort of changed, you know, from the Navy to the Army?
Gary McArthur: Yeah, I don't think that, on the surface, I don't think that the change of reporting is probably the key element. I think the key element has been our strategy over the last two years where we have aligned ourselves up and down the chains of command in the military, especially in the Army and the Marine corporation and not only in the procurement organizations, but in the command organizations. We have a lot more people forward-deployed today with our customers. On military bases here in the U.S, as well as distributed in other parts of the world. I think that that has led us to a closer working relationship with the customer, especially with the Army, and so I think you see that reflected in our success with the Army, are being able to be on target with the performance characteristics of the new Falcon III radios. Our ability to do things like incorporate the Rover wave form immediately, not years down the road so that they can take advantage of UAV feeds directly to the radio for review, and then wideband networking. Our incorporation of the DMA waveform and TACSAT capabilities, I give all of that credit to our people who are working side by side with the customer, going through the needs analysis. So I really think that's what has led to our success and will continue to feed our success more than whether the program reports per say into the Navy, Army, or directly to DoD assistant secretary for procurement.
Joe Campbell: But given your, all of your success with the Army, you wouldn't see any difference in having Army leadership where you have had a lot of success and a lot of inroads in placing products in the hands of the customer, I suppose to the Navy where that hasn't been the case?
Gary McArthur: Yeah, I certainly think that it made sense for them to make the change, given that the Army is the premier user of tactical communications and we continue to work at all levels, both with the JTRSPEO. They're very important in terms of approving the radios and managing some of the procurements. We also work directly with other organizations whether its Army communications, electronics command, CCOM or as I indicated today, the contract at the Marine core systems command, which we expect to be utilized to have a follow-on procurement this quarter of radios associated with the MRAP ATV, and they've put that intention out in their website, the public domain, and are in the process of, according to that raising the procurement ceiling for that contract.
Joe Campbell: Great.
Operator: And next question will come from Joe Nadol with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Nadol: Thanks, good afternoon.
Gary McArthur: Hi, Joe.
Joe Nadol: Hi. My question is on the margins in RF. You know, you decided Howard, three drivers of higher margins. Looks like your drop down from the higher sales of a $100 million is a 100% and some I guess, middle of the range from about 482 to 585, so I'm wondering, I guess, if you could break that out into pieces, if possible, or give us a little color. And, also, just let us know what if the margins in the acquired business, the M/A-COM business are substantially higher than what you had guided for last quarter?
Howard Lance: I will answer the second part of your question, our guidance on the government and public safety business unit, which includes predominantly the Tyco wireless systems, formerly M/A-COM acquisition, and a little bit of our business that we had in public safety. Our expectations for that have not changed around $500 million or so in revenue, and 8% to 10% operating margins. That's what we indicated last time. So we're holding to that, and are encouraged by the initial few months’ operation of that business. In terms of the details behind the increased margin, so it's all coming from tactical radio revenue, and it really is all of the elements that I indicated; the mix of products, obviously, a higher percentage of HF than we had previously expected, but also a higher percentage of US DoD. When you look across at the mix of what they're buying, it's not just the radio family, but are they buying just radios? Are they buying vehicular adapters, accessories, lots of things come into that mix? Number two, we have exceeded our own expectations in terms of the impact this year of our cost reductions, and not just cost reductions in taking operating expenses out of the business, but in driving down our materials costs, and our efficiencies in the factory. And then third, when you level set your business at a lower level which we did as you know at the beginning of the year, and then your revenue goes up, you produce significant leverage in terms of absorbing factory overhead and other costs. So all of those factors have come together to create the margin improvement that we're indicating, which is around, based on my guidance, about 4 points or so above where we thought it would be in our previous guidance for the segment. It's all driven by tactical radios.
Operator: Next question will come from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Good afternoon. Congratulations on great order.
Gary McArthur: Thank you.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: I was going to ask, there was a talk about ANW2 waveform testing to see if it was scalable for deployment, more widespread deployment in Afghanistan. Can you update us on what those tests determined?
Howard Lance: The testing is ongoing, and so we won't have any results until those have been completed by the government so I can't comment on how that's going to come out. Obviously, we believe it's going to be very positive. We believe that the DoD will authorize broader fielding of the ANW2 waveform. It is, we think, very robust. And it is already becoming battlefield proven in its capabilities. So we continue to be very positive, and optimistic about broader feeling of the waveform, but in terms of the specifics of the test results, we haven't received those yet.
Gautam Khanna: May I ask a quick follow-up as to how those might be procured if the tests are successful, would it be under the IDIQ Contract you announced recently or would it be another vehicle? And also would you provide…
Howard Lance: Well certainly we have a lot of head room left under the blanket purchasing agreement, when we compare the $419 million to the initial order of $165 million. So it certainly can be procured in that way. As we have seen, DoD has many pass to procure our radios, and have taken advantage of probably all of them over the last year or two. But that's certainly one way that they could immediately place additional orders for the Falcon III, including the ANW2.
Operator: And the next question will come from Larry Harris with C.L. King. Please go ahead.
Larry Harris: With respect to capacity utilization, I think you mentioned earlier on the call that some international sales were deferred because of pressing domestic requirements. So where do we stand in terms of capacity utilization. I know a few years ago there was talk about setting up a second manufacturing facility in the UK. How do you stand? Do you think you'll have to add additional capacity?
Howard Lance: I think we have adequate quite capacity if you put in perspective that even with the increased guidance for the tactical radio business; we're still a little bit below last year's level. So we clearly have overall capacity. Some of these orders have come in very quickly, so it's really a question of how quickly can we ramp back up the capacity that we have installed by bringing back workers, and how quickly you can do that without creating any kinds of quality problems, which obviously we don't want to do. In addition, these are relatively quick delivery requirements, because of the urgency of the MRAP program especially. So we're trying to bake all of that in, and at this point we have started to move out some quantities, at least until later in the year, some quantities of international radios, as well as I'll say lower priority U.S. DoD radio shipments. So that we can, especially in the second quarter and the third quarter, get our capacity up and support the MRAP deployments, which are the top priority of DoD.
Operator: Next question will come from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Pleased go ahead. Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Good afternoon, everyone. Howard, on your the fourth quarter conference call, you gave viewers to what you perceive to be the pipeline of opportunity for the tactical RF business 12 to 18 months. Of about $3.5 billion, $1.5 billion international and $2 billion DoD? Given the $586 million in the Q1 and obviously the positive developments in the marketplace could you update those numbers, update and given what's transpired the last three months?
Howard Lance: I don't have anything specific for you, Mark. I don't think that the overall pipeline is all that diminished. We continue to identify major programs and needs in the very long run as we've discussed before. It has more to do with priorities and funding, both U.S. as well as internationally, than it does the needs and demand. We think the demand absolutely will continue to outstrip the, current term funding, because you'll recall there are lots of legacy radios just in the DoD inventory that have been deployed, that ultimately all of these units are going to want the same kind of capabilities of the latest technology. So bottom line, I don't see a major impact, certainly not over the next year or two, as today compared to in the fourth quarter. Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Okay.
Operator: The next will come from Myles Walton with Oppenheimer. Myles Walton - Oppenheimer Thanks, good evening, and great quarter. The order outlook at RF, I think you previously said $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion kind of looking at a book to bill one times in the tactical radio business, now that you have got the strong 1Q and NATB in hand for 2Q, what does that number now look like as you see it for the full year?
Howard Lance: Myles, in terms of the book to bill? Myles Walton - Oppenheimer The bookings exactly, for tactical.
Howard Lance: Certainly above one to one, don't have a lot of precision at this point and exactly what the number is going to be, because the requirements literally continue to evolve on a weekly basis, but I'm certainly confident we're going to be well above one to one, and that we will build backlog at RF tactical radios during the year. We're obviously hopeful and optimistic that we can also build backlog in the public safety part of that business as well as time goes on in the rest of the fiscal year. So we expect to finish the year with more backlog than we began.
Operator: Next question will come from Chris Donaghey of SunTrust Robinson Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Hi, good evening, guys, and again good quarter.
Howard Lance: Thank you. Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Howard, I wonder if you could talk about your guidance philosophy for this particular year. I remember in the past you had kind of set tactical radio guidance based on about six months of visibility. Based on what you're seeing now with some of the planned procurements, plus the orders in hand, and future expectations, can you talk about what you're using to set this new guidance number? You know, how much is till on the coming versus already in backlog, or at least factored into the high probability?
Howard Lance: Yes, very good question, Chris. We certainly, where we have really good visibility on backlog and when the deliveries are going to be, you know, all of that is baked in. Everything else is factored based on probability, and, you know, those are judgment calls. We spent a lot of time over the last week trying to assess, with the RF leadership team, where we wanted to establish guidance on today's call. We've established that as indicated, about a $100 million dollars in revenue higher than we had previously. But there still are lots of moving parts in terms of how orders turn into revenue at this fiscal year versus next fiscal year. I think you would find our practice and our track record is to be, well, say, leaning toward the conservative side of guidance, so, overall, I would say I feel like there's more upside than downside. That's one of the reasons that we provide a range. Something could always happen that you're not expecting, but I'm feeling very optimistic with regard to the order rates. This indication about the additional RF orders obviously weighs heavily into our thinking for guidance, but, at the same time, it's not in at a hundred percent. Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up on the margins. Obviously with the current margin guidance, you would expect to end the year at a run rate that would be in the low 30s, call it 32% or so. How sustainable do you think those margins are going forward?
Howard Lance: I think it's too early for me to really comment on that. I think the message about beyond FY-10, starts with the momentum that we have going on now in terms of acceptance, especially of our Falcon III radios and I would say acceptance and encouragement by the customers and the DoD for the long term role for commercially developed products. In terms of the sustainability of margin, at any given level it has a lot to do with, as I answered earlier, with the mix of all of the business it’s in there in the costs and it's just a little too far out at this point, Chris, for me to indicate whether it will be sustained or not. We clearly are going to continue to invest in this business. So to the extent that we feel we've cut the expenses a little too low and we want to ramp back up some R&D, we're certainly going to do that. Having said that, I think it's fair to assume we will manage that and you shouldn't look for any steep or step-like decline. So we'll manage our way through it. If we feel we need to moderate the margins a bit, as I think you've seen us do in the past where RF margins have 100 or 200 basis points but it's always been over a gradual period of quarters as we kind of manage it. So I'm not suggesting that will happen in this case, I just don't know at this point whether margins are sustainable at that level. I will tell you, our team has done just an outstanding job in taking costs out of these products and given the features that we have in the products that gives us the ability to earn the price that we receive and through the cost reductions to earn higher margins, as well. So I think you know me well enough at this point, and my division leadership does, that I'm not going to give up those margins unless there's some strategic reason for doing it on the investment side. So hopefully that gives some color around it. Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson That's great. Thanks again.
Operator: And the next question will come from Michael French with Morgan Joseph.
Michael French: Congratulations to you and your team for a strong performance.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Michael French: A question on the public safety business. You're able to produce bookings in excess of revenue for the quarter, and I know its early days, the acquisition, but has your assessment of the market opportunity changed any in that segment?
Howard Lance: No I don’t think so. I've been spending a lot of time with our team, with customers over the last three to four months, since we closed on the acquisition. I think that the opportunity pipeline is in fact larger, if anything, because there are so many systems out there with relatively antiquated communications capability. And the needs of the customers in public safety are frankly not all that far behind the needs in the military in terms of assured communications, more interoperability across different organizations and agencies, covering a wider areas geographically. And so it really is more of a question of not if that market is there, but when can it be realized in orders based on funding. Certainly, state and local funding is under some pressure, as a result of overall budgets. And some of the stimulus money is flowing though from the federal level into state and local. That's helping. And other forms of funding are being identified. So, you know, bottom line, I think the market in North America is very large, very robust, and in the long run. And I guess the thing that I would leave you with that's probably been the biggest impact impression on me has been the acceptance and encouragement we're getting from customers and prospects. We felt that the market would welcome and support a stronger player, which we think the combination of Harris and Tyco electronics wireless systems creates. And I've seen nothing but a confirmation of that in my discussions with customers and prospects over the last 90 days.
Operator: Next question will come from Tim Quillin with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Tim Quillin: Thank you for taking my follow up. I just had two quick questions. One is, you mentioned that you had award fees on your FTI contract. I was wondering if you could gives us a sense of the magnitude, because it sounds like you expect margins to be a little bit lower for the remainder of the year in [GCS], and then the second question is, do you have any kind of early insight into the government fiscal '11 budgeting process and how the funding profile for tactical radios might change as we get more granularity in to the next few years, kind of pre-jitters program ramp up. Thanks.
Howard Lance: Well, with regard to your first question, without commenting specifically on the FTI award fee, 12.8% represents about $5 million higher than our 12% kind of target now for the year. So, that would kind of give you directionally what some of that might be worth. We transitioned from the program phase, we were in which was largely deployment, and now our transitioning into the ongoing phase, which will run for the next eight years, I think, in the total 15-year program. Overall, though GCS continues to perform at a very high level, we have a minimal number of red programs. And we continue at a 12% kind of target to be in the higher end of integrated systems and services companies. And so we're very proud of that performance. I wish I could have more insight into your question regarding government fiscal year '11 budget. Obviously there's a lot of work underway right now. We certainly know that there is a desire on the part of secretary gates to find room in the budget, because of overall pressure. Our strategy continues to be to try and focus in those areas and programs that we think are going to be highest priority. We think communications, and IT systems, especially mission critical communications and systems will continue to be funded. A lot of our programs are funded through long-term program budgets that do not appear to be under any kind of pressure. Many of our programs, FTI, for example is a cost savings compared to the myriad old networks that it replaced. So, certainly don't see pressure in those areas. We continue to believe that our commercial solutions and JTRS-approved radios offer significant advantages in terms of overall cost, and availability, and feature sets, and continue to tell that story to our customers, and the DoD procurement organization. But in terms of having any particular visibility into what's going to be in the budget, I don't think we have that, and we'll have to stay tuned like everyone else.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim McIlree with Collins Stewart.
Jim McIlree: Thanks again. Gary, does the expected tax rate for the year include an R&D tax credit?
Gary McArthur: Right now it does, but there are also some one-time events that could also benefit, so it's a moving target in a way, I should say, but ultimately, we will expect to be around 34% for the year, regardless of what happens with the investment tax credit, but that definitely factors in to our thinking.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: That question will come from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan: Good afternoon again. Howard, you mentioned that there seems to be a shift in receptivity of DoD for Cox generically on the radio side. Does that have an implication for the JTRS formal program, where there is subsidization of radio development in the industry that could develop into competition? Is there the opportunity for that to be reviewed by gates and truncated given the lack of performance and high cost?
Howard Lance: Well, I say again, certainly can't predict what the DoD will do with regard to those programs of record, but we are certainly in a position where we're making a very strong case advocating Harris and other commercially developed products as viable alternatives. We have, through this program, I think it has really shown the value and the place for commercially developed technologies as an adjunct to traditional government programs of record. We've gotten to the market faster, we're able to hit the mark in terms of advanced features. We can add those features very, very rapidly and continue to stay current. We are particularly valuable at times where communications and the urgent need is there, because our ability to respond in advance in anticipation of orders is so different than a traditional program of record which even long lead time items typically aren't ordered until you have some indication from the customer. So I think, it's presented a stark contrast, not that one is better than the other, but that there is clearly a place for both in your thinking when you are trying to manage all of the trade-offs between schedules, budgets, and features, and I think based on the results, I think they speak for themselves in terms of a lot of listening and acknowledgement of our position is going on.
Pamela Padgett: All right everyone. Thank you so much for joining us today.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-08-12 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Howard Lance - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary McArthur - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Inventor Relations
Analysts: Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan Jason Kupferberg - UBS James Mcilree - Collins Stewart  Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. Matthew Crews - Noble Financial  Chris Quilty - Raymond James Larry Harris - CL King
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Harris Corporation conference. Today’s conference is being recorded and to begin the meeting today will be Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Harris Corporation’s fourth quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. I’m Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications and on the call with me today are Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. First before we get started a few words on forward-looking statements and the course of this teleconference Howard or other Management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions risks and uncertainties please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on our site. With that, Howard I’ll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Pam and let me welcome all of you to our fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings call. We posted very good financial results in the fourth quarter and for the full fiscal year, in spite of a challenging market environment. It certainly was a very busy quarter. We completed the spin-off to shareholders of the Harris Stratex Networks microwave communications business. We also completed the acquisition of the M/A-COM wireless systems business from Tyco Electronics, launching us into the $9 billion global land mobile radio business. This business unit is now a part of our RF Communications segment, and has been renamed Harris Public Safety and Professional Communications. We completed the acquisition of two other businesses during the quarter, which are now apart of our Government Communications Systems segment. Crucial Security and the Air Traffic Control business of SolaCom Technologies, both of these acquisitions will expand our capabilities in markets offering long term growth opportunities for Harris. During the quarter we won two very important long term contracts in our Government Communications Systems business worth a combined potential $1.3 billion. As prime contractor for the ground processing segment of the GOES-R weather satellite program for NOAA and also for the MET program for the U.S. Army. Total backlog in this segment is now at an all time high. In the fourth quarter we implemented a number of cost reduction actions across the company, which are expected to result in total annualized savings of $70 million to $75 million. Finally, in the fourth quarter we wrote down a majority of the goodwill and intangible assets in our Broadcast Communications segment. When it was determined that the fair value of these assets had been reduced below our carrying value, due to the global economy’s negative impact on the Broadcast Markets and on our peer company market valuations. As a result, we will see segment amortization expense in fiscal 2010, reduced by about $20 million compared to fiscal 2009. We entered the new fiscal year in a very strong financial position and with a number of growth initiatives, but most importantly with an improving orders picture. Orders rebounded significantly in the fourth quarter in all three of our business segments, with total orders up 22% compared to the third quarter. The pickup was most significant in our RF Communications tactical radio business where sequential orders were up 36% compared with the third quarter. Although there are still many unknowns surrounding the timing of the global economic recovery and defense spending, visibility for the total company in fiscal 2010 has certainly improved since our last earnings call. As a result, we’ve raised the mid point and narrowed the range for our fiscal 2010 earnings guidance. Talking about consolidated results, revenue was $1.29 billion in the fourth quarter, 4% higher than the prior year quarter. Revenue was $1.24 billion excluding the impact of acquisitions about flat with the prior year quarter. Revenue was slightly higher than expectations as a result of strong growth in the government communication systems segment in the quarter. Orders were $1.29 billion. They were $1.25 billion excluding acquisitions and as noted earlier were up substantially, compared to $1.03 billion in the third quarter. Orders were about flat compared to the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP income from continuing operations was $120 million or $0.91 per diluted share. This non-GAAP income excluded the previously announced non-cash charges for the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, and acquisition related expenses. However, the non-GAAP results did include $26 million in charges related to cost reduction actions across the company, and due to the Harris Stratex Networks spin-off. Non-GAAP earnings in the fourth quarter at $0.91 per share were about $0.09 higher than the mid point of our previous guidance, primarily due to stronger revenue in government communications systems, higher operating margins in RF Communications, and lower cost reduction charges. We also had a great quarter in terms of cash flow from operations.  Let me now move on to the individual segment results. Revenue at RF Communications was $468 million in the fourth quarter. Revenue was $421 million in the quarter in the tactical radio business, and $47 million in revenue was contributed by the recently acquired M/A-COM business. This compares to revenue of $441 million in the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP income in the quarter at RF was $144 million, and this included $4 million in operating income from the M/A-COM acquisition. The non-GAAP results for RF also included $8 million in pretax charges, and taken in the quarter related to cost reduction actions. Operating margin for the tactical radio business, if we exclude the cost reduction actions, was a very strong 35% of revenue, and the margin reflected cost reductions, manufacturing efficiencies, and somewhat favorable product mix during the quarter. As expected, continuing strength in international markets drove higher international revenue, but it was offset by an expected decline in the U.S. For the full year, international revenue was 40% of total tactical radio systems revenue, compared with 27% for all of fiscal 2008. As I said, the rebound in orders was very encouraging. Orders in the fourth quarter at RF were total of $441 million. This included $44 million attributable to the M/A-COM acquisition. So, tactical radio orders in the quarter were $397 million, an increase of 36% compared to $292 million in the fiscal third quarter. Orders were significantly higher in both the U.S. and internationally on a sequential basis. Orders were about flat compared with a very strong $405 million in the prior year quarter. For the full year, tactical radio orders for fiscal 2009 were $1.21 billion. Tactical radio backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was about $470 million. Backlog in the new Public Safety Business Unit at the end of the fourth quarter was a very strong $450 million. Department of Defense orders in the fourth quarter included $100 million from the U.S. Army for FALCON II HF and multiband radios, and for Falcon III multiband handheld radios and vehicular systems. It also included $44 million from the U.S. Air Force for Falcon III multiband handheld and vehicular radios and accessories. It included $16 million from the Marine Corps for multiband vehicular adapters for MRAP vehicles and $15 million from the U.S. Special Operations Command for our new Falcon III 117G multiband radio. International orders in the quarter included $53 million, from the Iraq Ministry of Interior for HF radios, $19 million from the Indonesia Special Forces for HF and multiband radios and additional major orders from the Swedish Armed Forces for HF and Falcon III secure personal radios, and from the Jordanian Armed Forces for HF radios. Now, not only did we see a sequential rebound in orders at RF in tactical radios, but the global opportunity pipeline for tactical radio systems actually expanded. The opportunity pipeline is now greater than $3.5 million in new business expected to be awarded during the next 12 to 18 months. U.S. Department of Defense opportunities represent over $2 billion of this pipeline. A number of important factors are driving the rebound in orders as well as maintaining and growing this robust opportunity pipeline. First, the DoD procurement process appears to us to be reenergized. During the fourth quarter, the log-jam and procurement began easing with contracts being put into place to support expanded mission requirements and more sophisticated communications capabilities. As further evidence of this renewed momentum, we are off to a very good start in this quarter, with $150 million in tactical radio orders from DoD customers already booked. The expansion of the military force is also continuing, with smaller, more self contained tactical units operating independently, and driving new demand for our tactical radios, and increasing troop levels in Afghanistan are now leading to additional requirements for HF, and multiband radios. Harris Falcon radios meet the tough mission needs of units deploying to Afghanistan, where mountainous terrain and long distance communications put a premium on beyond line of sight capabilities, clearly a sweet spot for us. Harris Falcon tactical radios are also being used to provide advanced communications on an expanding list of vehicles, weapons systems, and airborne platforms. These include Up-Armored Humvees, trucks, MRAP vehicles, tactical UAVs, ISR aircraft and more. We also continue to see a shift to smaller, more lightweight radios, such as our Falcon III multiband Handheld. For example, the U.S. Air Force is increasingly using this radio to support their expanded role on security missions, Special Operations, Air Mobility Command, and Combat Engineer. The adoption of our new Falcon III 117G manpack also continues to gain momentum. We expect this to continue as the demand for high data rate communications escalates. The Harris 117G, I’ll remind you, is the only JTRS approved and NSA approved radio in service with wideband networking capabilities. Equally important, the 117G is in production today. It’s already been Combat proven and it’s already deployed to all branches of the U.S. Armed Forces. Both the Army and Marine Corp remain very interested procuring the 117G in significantly higher quantities. We’re working with them to get new contract vehicles in place to address their very real near term operational needs. International opportunities represent about $1.5 billion of the opportunity pipeline. The majority of these international programs are large, multiyear standardization programs, which provide significant follow on opportunities for us after their initial award. In recent quarters, we’ve won standardization programs on a long list of countries, including Mexico, Australia, Algeria, the U.K., Pakistan, Sweden, and Iraq. We have an excellent win rate in the international Markets. We’ve got a strong international dealer network, and we continue to pursue multiyear programs throughout South America, Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. We believe our international business should represent a stable source of continuing growth for the RF Communications segment going forward. The formation of the new Harris Public Safety and Professional Communications business unit is well underway and the feedback we’ve received from customers and prospects has been very positive to date. The combination of the former M/A-COM business with our own emerging land mobile radio business offers significant synergies for top line revenue growth and improved profitability. The global Public Safety market is in a transition, transitioning from analog to digital technologies from proprietary to open operating systems and from single to multiband communications and improved interoperability. We believe we’ve become the clear market leader during the military’s global communications transition in these same areas, and we’re confident that our combined capabilities will allow us to gain market share in the $9 billion global Public Safety and Professional Communications market overtime. New product development initiatives at RF Communications continue to drive new product offerings. During the quarter, Harris introduced a Falcon III based ISR video receiver, a breakthrough portable product that delivers high resolution, full motion tactical video down to individual soldiers. The Handheld Rover, which stands for remotely operated video enhanced receiver, provides access to real-time video, captured by the military’s growing fleet of unmanned aerial vehicles. Also in the quarter, Harris received the first order for a New Digital Tactical Intercom system. The system will be installed along with our Falcon III radios in Up-Armored Humvees in support of the expanding U.S. Air Force missions on the ground in Afghanistan. Following the close of the quarter, we also received the first real orders for our new unit multiband land mobile radio. Harris unity provides full spectrum multiband capabilities for the Public Safety market and will be available in volume production at the beginning of calendar 2010, and finally we also received a first order for our new extended frequency version of the AN/PRC-152 Falcon III multiband Handheld. This new extended frequency version provides additional coverage in the 700 and 800 megahertz bands. It also includes the APCO 25 waveform to facilitate an even greater degree of direct interoperability between military and Public Safety users. Turning to Government Communications Systems, Government Communications Systems segment had a very strong quarter. Revenue was $704 million, increasing 10% compared to the prior year quarter. Revenue growth was driven by U.S. Government systems and services programs across a very broad base, including the field data collection automation program for the U.S. Census Bureau, Avionics for the F/A-18 fighter aircraft several National Intelligence Programs, and IT services programs for the U.S. Air Force and National Reconnaissance Office. Revenue also benefited from new healthcare IT programs and from crucial security, our cyber acquisition, which provides forensic IT Security Solutions and analysis for U.S. Government customers. Segment operating income was $77 million in the quarter. This result included pre-tax charges of $3 million for cost reduction actions. Excluding these charges operating margin was a solid 11.5% of revenue. During the quarter, we also acquired the air traffic control business unit of SolaCom technologies based in Canada. The SolaCom acquisition provides Harris the ability to address all of the relevant segments of the air traffic control voice and data systems market. It also improves our position to support the FAA next-generation air transportation system architecture. Our commercial reflector enterprise continued to make progress during the quarter. We’ve now made final delivery on seven of the radio rib design reflectors. We are under a stop work order on the eighth and find all reflectors for reasons unrelated to Harris. Two of these reflectors were recently launched and are in full operation. The two remaining hoop design reflectors also saw good progress during the quarter and remained scheduled to be delivered in fiscal 2010. In May, our Government Communications Systems business was awarded a 10 year potential $736 million contract to provide a complete end-to-end solution including services for the ground segment of NOAA’s new weather satellite constellation, called the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite Series-R program. GOES Satellite provide the images and time lapse video sequences commonly seen in weather forecasts, and they serve as the primary tool for detecting and tracking severe weather. Harris will design, develop, deploy, and operate all GOES-R ground processing, which will receive and analyze 40 times more data than the current system, and this weather data will be distributed to more than 10,000 direct users. Also in the quarter, Harris was awarded a 10 year potential $600 million contract for the U.S. Army Modernization of Enterprise Terminals program. These next-generation earth stations will provide the worldwide backbone for high-priority military satellite and missile defense communications. Harris will replacing the program up to 80 aging current satellite terminals around the world, with new X- and Ka-band terminals capable of interfacing with the new Wideband Global Satellite constellation. Major wins in our IT services business in the fourth quarter, included a potential $32 million, five year modernization program for the U.S. Air Force weather agency and a potential $19 million five year program to provide service desk support for the FAA Office of Aviation Safety. In the Healthcare Solutions market, we signed a multi-million dollar contract with Siemens Healthcare, to provide picture archiving and communications systems disaster recovery software. These new program wins increased our total funded and unfunded backlog to a record $5.2 billion at the end of the quarter, and that’s a new high for the Government Communications Systems segment. The core business in this segment is growing and new initiatives in Healthcare Solutions and Cyber are also contributing to growth. We believe this business can continue to provide above market growth rates, as well as excellent predictability, profitability and technology innovation. Revenue in the Broadcast Communications segment was $130 million in the fourth quarter, about flat sequentially with the third quarter and down 25% from the prior year fourth quarter. The weak global economy continues to negatively impact advertising and Broadcasters continue to pair back capital investments, as a result. Orders improved significantly on a sequential basis; however, representing the real bright spot in the quarter. They were up 18% in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, rebounding in the U.S. and across all the major international markets including Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Our book-to-bill ratio was nearly one in the quarter and suggests that the decline in revenue may be reaching a bottom. Having said that, we’re remaining very cautious, and right now expect Broadcast Communications revenue in the first half of fiscal 2010 to be very similar to the second half of fiscal 2009. The non-GAAP segment loss in the fourth quarter was $2 million, but keep in mind that this result included $8 million in charges in the quarter for cost reduction actions at Broadcast. Our ongoing cost reduction actions are clearly helping to mitigate some of the impact of the lower revenue, and along with the lower amortization expenses going forward, should allow for improved operating performance and higher returns when the market conditions improve. Even in this week global economy, Harris continues to have success in deploying our one solution for interoperable workflow. In addition, we continue to gain traction in several growth areas including digital signage solutions and full-motion video applications for government customers. With that overview of the segment results, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary McArthur: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you, Howard. Fiscal year 2009 was another very solid financial year for Harris. We ended the year with $281 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We generated $667 million of operating cash flow, $545 million of free cash flow, repurchased $132 million of our outstanding stock, and paid $107 million in dividends. As Howard mentioned, we successfully completed the spin-off of Harris Stratex Networks and the acquisitions of Tyco Electronics Wireless Systems business, Crucial Security and the ATC Business Unit of SolaCom Technologies. Ultimately these acquisitions were funded with $350 million 10 year term debt at an interest rate of 6.375%, which we issued in early June, approximately $280 million of cash on hand, and $106 million of commercial paperbacked by our revolving credit facility. None of our outstanding long term debt comes due prior to October 2015 and as of year end we had $644 million available under our $750 million revolving credit facility. Our liquidity position was excellent. Further as of year end, our return on invested capital was more than twice our cost of capital and improved 200 basis points to 19.4% as compared to 17.4% as of the end of fiscal 2008. As for the fourth quarter we had a very good cash flow quarter. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $262 million as compared to $198 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. This was driven by good working capital management at RF and Broadcast and exceptional performance at Government Communications Systems. Capital Expenditures were $25 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $37 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. Free cash flow for the quarter was $237 million, one of our strongest quarters ever. Depreciation and amortization was $55 million in the quarter as compared to $46 million for the fourth quarter of the prior year. During the quarter we did not repurchase any shares. Total shares repurchased during fiscal 2009 were $2.7 million. As of year end we have $650 million of availability under our share repurchase program. Our priorities for excess cash continue to be in the order of priority, internal investments, acquisitions that further our strategic objectives and increase shareholder value, the payment of competitive dividends and share repurchases. Our full year tax rate for fiscal 2009 was 31.4%. Current guidance for fiscal 2010 is as follows. Cash flow from operations in the range of $525 million to $575 million, depreciation and amortization of $160 million to $170 million, and capital expenditures including capitalized software of $150 million to $160 million. Our tax rate is expected to be 34% for the year with expectations for the first quarter of 35% to 36%. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. So let me conclude my remarks with an updated view towards our full year fiscal 2010 earnings and revenue. We’ve revised our guidance for non-GAAP income from continuing operations for fiscal 2010 to a new range of $3.40 to $3.50 per diluted share, compared to a previous range of $3.20 to $3.50 per share. So that’s an increase of $0.10 per share at the mid point of the range, with $0.05 coming from higher revenue and income expectations at Government Communications Systems, and $0.05 coming from more accretion from M/A-COM acquisition due to lower interest expense. As guidance excludes acquisition related costs. Revenue in fiscal of 2010 is now expected to be in a range of $5.0 billion to $5.1 billion. The outlook for RF Communications is unchanged from our previous guidance for now, but we are certainly encouraged by the recent DoD orders improvement and near term demand across both the Falcon II and Falcon III product lines. RF Communications segment revenue in Fiscal 2010 is expected in a range of 4% to 6% higher than fiscal 2009, of course, including the contribution of the new Public Safety and professional communications business, at about $500 million. Segment operating margin is expected to be in a range from 25% to 27% of revenue. The tactical radios business revenue within those numbers for fiscal 2010 is expected in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, with operating margin in the range of 32% to 33% of revenue. The outlook for the Government Communications Systems segment has improved with revenue in fiscal 2010 now expected to be about flat with 2009. If we back out the previously discussed wind down in the FDCA program at the Census Bureau, to remind you that’s a revenue drop from about $350 million in fiscal ‘09 to about $120 million in fiscal ‘10. Of course, also exclude the contribution of the two small acquisitions; revenue guidance for the segment represents very strong underlying organic growth of 8% to 9% for the rest of the business compared to last year. Government Communications Systems margins are expected to remain strong in a range from 11.5% to 12% of revenue. Our outlook for Broadcast Communications is unchanged from our previous guidance with revenue in a range of $565 million to $585 million. Operating margin at Broadcast has been raised. It’s now expected to be a range of 8% to 10% of revenue, with the increase from previous guidance primarily attributed to $20 million less amortization of intangible assets. With all of that as background, we’ll now ask the Operator to open the line and take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan.
Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan: On the RF sales outlook for FY ‘10, you have a $470 million backlog going into the year, historically your sales have been 2X or less, 1.7X to 2 X, that number, which would put you if that held consistent in the $900 million or lower range, but you’re maintaining the 1.3 to 1.4. I see the orders in the quarter in the book-to-bill, was about one and you’ve had a good start to the year with a 150, but I’m still sort of wondering how you got there and why the historical relationship might be broken. Could you maybe dig into that a little bit?
Howard Lance: Historically, when you have a very, very large backlog, your revenue is going to be coming from two different sources: New orders that you get during the year, as well as backlog that you eat up during the year. As we discussed on the last call, we’re down to a point at the end of the fourth quarter around $470 million in tactical radio backlog. It could go perhaps a little bit lower, but we’re pretty much at a point where I expect orders in FY ‘10 to be at or above orders or revenue in FY ‘10. So our guidance of $1.3 million to $1.4 million assumes that we’ll have new orders of 1.3 million to $1.4 million and that backlog will stay at about the same level, plus or minus. It’s not precise whether it needs to be at 400 or 500, but our current guidance does not expect a very large backlog build during the year. Obviously, we get more orders either we’ll have higher revenue or higher ending year backlog.
Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan: I’m wondering you gave another metric, which was the 40% international versus the 60% domestic for this past year it was 27% year before. I’m wondering, maybe if you could give your expectation just to what that might be in this year. I know you haven’t given it before, but any color within the domestic piece by service, particularly Army and Marines?
Howard Lance: Well, the first question. I think on the last call I indicated, we expected revenue in FY ‘10 out of this total guidance for tactical radios of $1.3 million to $1.4 million. Probably we would see international be slightly higher than DoD. So, that 40% would go up to 50% or maybe a few points higher than that. Obviously, it has to do with where we get the orders and also priorities of shipment, but I do expect the international, domestic piece to kind of come into balance around 50/50 for the year or thereabouts. In terms of any color; no real specificity I can give you by service, but it’s clear that the Army has become a more important customer to us over the past three or four years than they were previously. We certainly expect that to continue. So, I would certainly expect the Army to be the largest piece of DoD, but no real specific breakdown by service. We’ll continue to at least talk about the major orders on a quarterly basis, as we did on this call.
Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan: Then just one more on M/A-COM; the margins at Tyco before the acquisition closed were lower this year. I know they were higher in previous years, but they were a lower single digits this year Ex the charges and they actually was I think a loss in this quarter before the acquisition date a 20 million or so operating loss. You’d got your sort of high single digit margin here. I guess continuing to expect that. I guess why were the margins lower and even negative before the acquisition? What’s getting into the sort of that 10% range ex-amortization this coming year?
Howard Lance: Well, first of all let me reiterate what our expectations are for this year, Joe. It’s in the 8% to 10% income to revenue. In that, we are absorbing about five points of charges for amortization intangible. So, that equates to about a 13% to 15% kind of cash earnings return on revenue. That’s pretty consistent with, if you look back over the trend of the last two or three years. In a given quarter in this business, you’re going to see a mix of products that is radios or terminals if you will versus the mix of systems. We’ll have some impact quarter-to-quarter on the gross margin and therefore the operating income. Speaking to what happened in the Tyco numbers, pre-our-acquisition. I’m not really going to comment on that, other than just say there were a lots of balance sheet activities that were flowing through the segment prior to our acquiring the assets of the business.  You’ll recall it was an asset acquisition, as opposed to a stock acquisition. So, that certainly had some impact on activities they were doing in the quarter prior to the hand-off of those assets to us at their proper value.
Joe Nadal - J.P. Morgan: Gary, I think you said the tax rate for the year and I missed it for the full year.
Gary McArthur: Full year 34%; we are saying that the first quarter will be more like 35% to 36%. So, obviously lower than in the subsequent three quarters, but overall for the year, 34%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg - UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: I wanted to start with a question on RF Comm and it was encouraging to see the Iraq quarter in particular come through that $50 million piece, because I think you guys had indicated last quarter that you thought that total 250 or so opportunity out of Iraq would get broken up and the $50 million piece would be first. Did that piece come through a little sooner than you expected? If it did, is there any change in your thinking regarding when the remaining 200 million or so of order potential out of Iraq could occur?
Howard Lance: Jason, it actually was good news for a different reason. It was $50 million from the Ministry of the interior, so it means we still have the opportunity pipeline for the additional kind of first $50 million order from the MOD. With regard to timing, I don’t want to try and call that. I’m probably not, we’re not close enough to getting it, but we still think that it’s going to occur in 2010.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: On the 117G order out of DoD that had been cancelled and then you were looking for a new vehicle there, I know that was not expected to be a near term event, but any greater clarity on how the procurement process or strategy is going to work on that?
Gary McArthur: Without any competitive details, clearly, the work is in progress. We still expect to see a new contract and an initial order under that contract and in May we indicated on the call six to nine months. That would put it in Q2 or Q3 of fiscal ‘10 that kind of a time range still seems to be reasonable.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Then on the Tyco acquisition side, I think you use some of the same language in today’s press release as you’ve used in the past regarding, did the potential accretiveness in fiscal ‘11 and fiscal ‘12 you’ve described it as significant. Anyway to kind of ring-fence that for investors in terms of order of magnitude now that you’ve had a chance to close the acquisition and probably work through a little bit more cost cutting and synergy planning?
Howard Lance: Most of our focus has been on fiscal year ‘10. Last call, we talked about what does slightly accretive meant and we said about $0.03 or $0.04 a share, as a result of coming in with lower interest cost than we had expected, that’s an increase now of five more or so we’re at $0.05 to $0.09 so starting to become I think materially helpful in this years outlook. We expect to be higher than that in 11 and 12 and we’ll certainly come back and try and quantify that for you in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Mcilree - Collins Stewart.
James Mcilree - Collins Stewart : On the International RF, I’m a little bit confused by that. The fiscal ‘09 International RF revenue looks like it was about $700 million and then it sounds like you’re talking around $650 million or so in fiscal ‘10, but everything you’ve been saying about international has said it’s growing quickly, it’s very strong and just trying to reconcile the qualitative comments about a strong market with the quantitative expectations of a flat to down year.
Gary McArthur: First of all, ‘09 is about right. It was a little bit less than $700 million and so we’re providing this range of next year at 1.3 to 1.4 for total tactical radios and then the other variable is what was the mix be between International and DoD. So, we’re expecting some year-over-year growth in revenue from international. Whether that means it is 50% of the year or slightly higher than that, I think that we’re just kind of parsing a little bit too much specificity. Right now, I guess mainstream down our guidance you’d probably come up with international being 55% or something like that of fiscal year ‘10. We certainly are expecting year-over-year growth in international, but at this point, I think looking at what we know and what we believe and not trying to overextend our expectations for that, but we would expect revenue to be up in 10 versus nine whether that will be double-digit up or single-digit or strong double-digit, it depends on two or three big orders that we’ve talked about in the past in terms of the timing of these major standardization programs in Iraq, in Pakistan, in Mexico, in Australia, and so on.
James Mcilree - Collins Stewart : Then just back on Joe’s question about where the revenue comes from in fiscal ‘10 in RF in the U.S., without necessarily characterize, well if you want to give the specific programs that would be great, but if you can’t, can you kind of characterize maybe size of programs that are generating the revenues that you’re looking for because it sounds like it’s by definition it has to be really quick turn business. So it sounds like it’s a lot of little stuff rather than one or two big things and I’ll stop with that? Thank you.
Howard Lance: Yes. I think you’re exactly right and we probably haven’t spent enough time in the past talking about how much of our revenue in both DoD and international. It’s just kind of recurring small orders replacements, upgrades that they aren’t big enough in an individual order to come to the attention and in a press release, but yet in aggregate, in any given quarter they can make up 20% or as much as 30% of your aggregate business. For example, for DoD last year, I think we had something like 3000 separate orders for tactical radios. So if you kind of divide that into your number for revenue, it’s a relatively small order quantity, so for every one of these big $50 million orders we talk about there’s a whole lot of 100,000, 200,000, 500,000 orders, and coming from lots of different places. So the overall run rate of that business has been growing and as we get more installed base, there’s more radios to replace and upgrade and upgrade software for and add vehicle adapters to and other accessories to and the same is true in international. I think our international orders were something like 800 individual orders. So you’re talking about again less than $1 million in orders. So we talk about the big ones, but there’s this whole large aggregation of small ones that are material. I think probably the most significant other color I could give you, and back to Joe’s question, is we have really listened to your questions relative to where is all of this funding coming from, and we’ve looked at our pipeline and literally are looking program-by-program and order-by-order with where’s this money going to come from. Our bottoms up analysis adds up to $1.5 billion of funding that’s already been approved and not spent that we believe will go toward one way or another tactical radio systems. So $1.5 billion from a combination of the ‘08 base budget, the ‘09 base budget, the ‘08 supplemental, the ‘09 supplemental and a minority amount that’s currently in the FY ‘10 proposed budget, but if you add all that up we think it’s about $1.5 billion. We don’t expect to get 100% of that, but the bottom line is we believe that the funding is already in place for our expectations for FY ‘10 and the majority if not all of FY ‘11. So we’re just feeling a lot better today than we were six months ago when we really didn’t have any visibility. So without going into individual programs, which I’m not going to do from a competitive standpoint, hopefully at least that gives you some color around our overall feeling on the magnitude of not wish money, but money that’s already been funded, appropriated and approved and is available through a variety of line items and programs, vehicle programs, weapons systems, ISR programs, as well as individual tactical radio line items. So hopefully that provides a little more color to our outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.:
 :
Gary McArthur: I don’t know the answer to that question. Today since the programs of record are not in production, there wouldn’t be any technically “requirement” for a JTRS radio because they aren’t in production. Of course what we’ve done is to introduce products that have many of those features that are in the programs of record well in advance of them being available. We’ve gotten the support of the commands and the boots on the ground because they’re using the functions whether it’s TacSet or wideband networking, that’s why we are able to get it through NSA and get their support and get approval of testing and approval by the JTRS program executive office, but technically I think the answer would be zero, because the JTRS programs record are not expected to be in production during that 18 month timeframe. That’s just my reaction to your question. It may or may not be precise.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.: And the ATV [Inaudible], give me some broad substance of what the potential content used to be.
Howard Lance : I’m sorry, I didn’t quite hear your question, but was it relating to our potential content on the MRAP-ATV?
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.: Yes.
Howard Lance : Well certainly, we think there’s significant opportunity there, but I’ll refer you back to our success in the last round of MRAP procurements. We did very well on essentially all of the Marine Corps business. The Army business was HF. We shared some of the multiband business and didn’t get any of the VHF business. So, that’s kind of a starting point. We certainly hope to do that well, but it remains to be seen if we’ll win those competitions, but that’s one of many orders and opportunities in this pipeline, certainly one that we’re working on.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co.: Lastly, if I recall the program office that’s already out there in July, can you update us on what’s the status is there? How they might proceed?
Howard Lance : I’m not aware of any other action that’s been taken other than that RFI coming out. So, I don’t really have anything more to add at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Crews - Noble Financial.
Matthew Crews - Noble Financial:
 :
Howard Lance : I’m sorry I’m not familiar with that particular NISC program name. Is this a program that is being pursued or has already been awarded?
Matthew Crews - Noble Financial: Lockheed is the current prime; it should run out in February of 2010.
Howard Lance : It’s possible that I know it under a different acronym here. That acronym doesn’t ring a bell with me, but there certainly are a multiple FAA pursuits that we’re in process on, that would be incremental meaning, we’re not incumbents on, but that particular acronym I’m sorry, I don’t recognize.
Gary McArthur: I believe it’s a piece of what we call next-gen, and yes, it is part of where we are moving forward and pursuing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Quilty - Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James:
 : Is this something that, well, that might be a tangible near term opportunity?
Howard Lance : Chris, I think that our view is that momentum is building and that as we ship more radios that have the capabilities first of our wideband handheld and now our wideband Falcon III 117G, as more of them are put in service. The users see what they can do with them that they can’t do with the legacy radios and this is going to build more and more demand. Clearly that’s our hope and our long term strategy to participate in the JTRS market for a long, long time. So, I don’t have any event to report, but my view is that momentum is building.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: A follow up on the MATV question; if you can just recap regarding the MRAP that’s already passed. You listed off the wins and losses. What percent of the dollar volume do you think you grabbed on that old program and second part of the question for the MATV. Do you know if the communication suite is part of the budget or does the budget for the program just, is it the shell? In other words, is there funding where they are going to be buy a new radios, or might they try to swap out equipment-off of vehicles leaving theatre from Iraq in order to outfit new vehicles going out?
Howard Lance: The second question, I don’t know the specific answer to your question. I know there are MRAP opportunities, but I don’t know the size of it, but I think it’s really only starting to come into focus. On the first question, I don’t know specifically what our market share was. I think it was very high in HF. Overall it was, maybe half in multiband or something like that and it was essentially zero in VHF, which is the biggest number. So my guess is overall, it was well under 50%, but that’s an anecdotal response to your question. I don’t know a specific answer.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: I’ll throw out one bone for Tim on the Broadcast business. The upturn in sequential orders here does that signify a bottom or were there specific large singular orders in the fourth quarter that sort of skewed this as looking like something of a bottom and a V-shaped rebound?
Howard Lance: There weren’t a large number of big orders in the quarter. In fact, a couple we had hoped to get got pushed out. So I am very hopeful and Tim is hopeful that it’s a bottom, but I’m not calling for a major rebound at this point. We did $130 million in revenue, or whatever and about the same in orders. I am hoping that, we can stabilize there, at least in the first half of fiscal ‘10 with lower amortization and the result of that cost reductions, that should give us a little better profit year-over-year and better in the first half of ‘10 than the second half of nine. Then we’re hopeful in the second half as we get into calendar year ‘10 that things pick up a bit, but whether they do or not, I would say that’s certainly one of the reasons why we have a range in our guidance, we’re not counting on it, but we’re hopeful. We have some growth programs that we’re hopeful we’ll give even in this climate truly incremental new business with those programs especially in the couple of areas I mentioned of the digital signage and the government applications for full motion video, storage retrieval, and analysis.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Just for Gary, that’s a pretty big jump the eight to 10 EBIT margins full year. Does it look fairly linear on a quarter-over-quarter basis in terms of the margin expansion and would that imply, you’re North of 10% by the fourth quarter?
Gary McArthur: I’m trying to go back and understand. So you’re referring to the Public Safety business?
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: No, didn’t you say full year Broadcast?
Gary McArthur: Broadcast. Yes, it is definitely going to improve as the year goes on and we’ll be more backend, so it won’t be as linear, but we will expect improvement throughout the year.
Howard Lance: I think we’ve been consistent over the years and saying that even with all of the costs we’ve taken out, Chris, to get North of 10% ROS in that business on a continuing basis, we need a little more revenue than $130 million a quarter. So we’re clearly counting on an uptick in the second half and would not expect margins to be at 10% in the first half of the year.
Operator: Your last question comes from Larry Harris - CL King.
Larry Harris - CL King: Just a couple of questions here, what’s your current understanding relative to the Jitters program of record, the competition to the 117G? Is that still expected in the 2011-2012 type timeframe?
Howard Lance: I have heard nothing different in that, Larry.
Larry Harris - CL King: Then a quick question for, Gary certainly, did extremely well in terms of cash flow generation and 2009. Looks like the numbers for 2010 will be somewhat less. Is that related to investments in the former Tyco business? Or why is the 2010free cash flow while still very positive less than 2009?
Howard Lance: There’s really a couple of pieces to it. One is operating income right now; we are forecasting to be lower by about $67 million in that kind of ballpark so some of it is just operating income is lower. The other piece of it is since we are not seeing the volume of business at either the Broadcast or the RF Communications area we were a little hesitant to keep our inventory turns, where they have been so maybe it’s a little bit of conservatism. The two pieces are about 60 plus million of its lower operating income, the $50 million delta to get you to the mid point of our guidance is a little bit of conservatism on inventory returns, the overall global economy, people paying a little slower, and a lot of our business now moving into the international market as well has got us of a belief we may not be as able to collect as fast as we have, but we hope to be able to prove ourselves wrong and do better, but that’s what we are thinking when we moved into the year.
Pamela Padgett:  Thank you, everyone for joining us. Appreciate it

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Howard Lance - Chairman, President and CEO Gary MacArthur - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jim McIlree - Collins Stewart Jason Kupferberg - UBS Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co. Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co. Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research Steve Ferranti - Stephens, Inc. Chris Quilty - Raymond James 
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Harris Corporation Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Also on the call is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary MacArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. A few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and are on the investor relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the investor relations section of our website. With that, Howard, I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam, and welcome to the Harris third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings call. I'm pleased to report we posted another good quarter of financial results in spite of the challenges and continuing uncertainties in some of our U.S. and global markets. We continue to expect the planned spinoff of Harris Stratex Networks later this month. So all of my comments today will exclude the results of Harris Stratex which beginning in our fiscal fourth quarter will be included as discontinued operations. Consolidated revenue was $1.21 billion in the third quarter, 5% higher than the prior year. Net income was $136 million and EPS was $1.02 per share up significantly compared to the prior year EPS of $0.78 per share. Although revenue and earnings were at strong levels for the quarter, new orders were weak declining 27% compared to the prior year quarter. While business performance continued to be solid at the government communications systems segment, orders at both the RF Communications and Broadcast Communications segments were sharply lower and are expected to remain below prior year levels for the next few quarters. Orders at RF improved sequentially in the third quarter compared to the second quarter but are running well below plan. Our guidance for fiscal 2010 now projects organic revenue at RF Communications to be well below fiscal 2009 as a result of slowing, near-term Department of Defense orders momentum and the stretching out of orders by the Iraq Ministry of Defense. The economic crisis and deficit spending has put tremendous pressure on DoD budgets. Combine that with other more immediate spending priorities and a lack of contract vehicles to procure our new Falcon III PRC 117G manpack and what results is DoD procurements that have slowed significantly.
 : I'll spend a fair amount of time later in the call walking through each of the components of our fiscal 2010 EPS guidance of $3.10 to $3.40 per diluted share. While we clearly have opportunities to drive results above this range, we felt it was appropriate to establish initial guidance based on the recent actual order trends at RF and Broadcast. Beyond fiscal 2010 I believe that the company is well positioned to return to growth. We continue to invest in new products and complete acquisitions to expand into adjacent markets where advanced technologies and capabilities are discriminators. In addition to our broad base of products and programs that serve our core markets, we have six focused growth initiatives which target high growth markets around the core. These include public safety and cyber security, both of which were strengthened by acquisitions announced in April. The other growth initiatives are healthcare IT, managed commercial IT services, international communication systems and new media markets encompassing Digital Signage, mobile TV, other out of home advertising solutions and full motion video ISR applications for government customers. We'll have much more to say about each of these growth initiatives at our analysts meeting in New York scheduled next week on May 11th. Let me now move on to the individual segment results for the quarter. Revenue at RF Communications was $439 million in third quarter up 12% compared to last year. Operating margin remained strong at 34.5% of revenue. Revenue growth was driven by significantly higher international sales which represented 43% of total revenue in the quarter compared with 27% for all of fiscal 2008. U.S. DoD revenue remained at a high level but declined compared to a very strong prior year quarter. Year-to-date orders through the third quarter were $0.8 billion which is 37% lower than the prior year. We have revised our expectations for fiscal 2009 orders at RF to a much lower range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion with the book to bill ratio substantially below one-to-one. Organic revenue for this segment in fiscal 2010 is now expected to be significantly lower than fiscal 2009. Our outlook for the next year is much lower than it was just three months ago for two primary reasons. First we now believe that all but $50 million of the $250 million Iraq Ministry of Defense order opportunity has moved beyond fiscal 2010. Of course, we'll be working hard to pull in additional orders and revenue from the Iraq MoD, but for now we have discounted in our fiscal 2010 RF forecast. Second, we've been counting on a new $500 million IDIQ contract from the U.S. Army to form the foundation for their large scale deployment of the new Harris Falcon III PRC 117G manpack. We received the new contract in the third quarter along with an initial $148 million order for 117Gs. However the order was subsequently canceled, when it was determined by the Army contracts organization that the 117G could not be procured under the IDIQ contract in its current form. Senior Army leadership remains committed to fielding the PRC 117G radios in large quantities, to utilize its advanced features to benefit forces on the ground in Afghanistan, Iraq and around the world. But for now we've assumed a six to nine month procurement delay and have discounted our fiscal 2010 DoD orders and revenue outlook accordingly. The Falcon III 117G is the only currently fielded radio which meets the DoD future tactical communications requirements. It's the first and only radio in the market with wideband networking capabilities. It's NSA approved and approved as an alternative to the JTRS programs of record. It's already been combat proven in Iraq and Afghanistan and is deployed to all branches of the Department of Defense. It addresses the future MUOS TacSat requirements. It provides high bandwidth streaming video and reconnaissance information capabilities and it's about half the weight and size of legacy multiband manpack radios, which is increasingly important in today's mobile war fighting environment. In the third quarter, for example, we received an $18 million order for the new Falcon III 117G from the U.S. Air Force. The radios will provide battlefield airmen the able to receive live video feeds directly from various unmanned aerial vehicles, UAVs using the ROVER Waveform. This improves their situational awareness and responsiveness. Incidentally we are also nearing the introduction of a new lightweight hand-held ROVER receiver based on our Falcon III hand-held radio design. Also in the third quarter we received over $60 million in new orders for Falcon III multiband hand-held radios from multiple DoD customers and we received our first order from the Air Force for our new tactical intercom product for $14 million. Following the close of the quarter we received a $14 million order for the 117G from the U.S. Special Forces command. In the international markets demands continues to grow. Over the last several years the number and size of international standardization programs have been increasing and we've responded to these new opportunities with added resources to expand our international sales and support team. As part of a multi-year standardization program we were recently awarded a $45 million contract from the government of the United Arab Emirates. This is an example of our ability to expand our addressable market through a broader communication systems integrated offering. The UAE program incorporates Falcon II radios, our new Falcon III high capacity data radios, tactical broadband global area network or BGAN, SATCOM terminals and command and control software. On April 16th, Harris announced a definitive agreement to acquire the Tyco Electronics Wireless Systems business unit formerly known as M/A-COM. This acquisition gives us a huge jump start into the public safety communications market. This is a $9 billion global market with attractive long-term growth rates. The market has close adjacencies to the technologies in our tactical military radio market and is going through a similar transition to digital technology and open operating systems. The market is also moving to software defined radios that address multiple frequency bands, encryption types and which incorporate GPS capabilities for situational awareness. We've led all of these transitions in the military market. Harris solved the interoperability issue for U.S. Special Forces for than a decade ago and we are ready to lead now in the public safety market. The IP-based networks offered by M/A-COM combined with Harris leadership in multiband and software defined radio technology offers a distinct competitive advantage versus the established market leaders. We believe that customers are eager for a real choice in public safety communication systems. M/A-COM business which primarily targets customers at the state and local government levels also helps to diversify our business and product portfolio not only for RF Communications but also for Harris. Our government communication systems segment reported third quarter revenue of $649 million, up 7% compared to last year. Operating income in the quarter was strong at $74 million and 11.4% of revenue. During the quarter we continued to make good progress on the commercial reflector programs. Seven of the eight radial rib design reflectors have now been shipped successfully to customers. Work on the eighth reflector has been stopped at the customer's direction and unrelated to Harris. The two hoop design reflectors are progressing well and are still on track to be shipped in fiscal 2010. Revenue increased in each one of the segments four business units. Defense programs, national intelligence programs, civil programs and IT services. We have reasonable clarity on the government communications systems outlook for fiscal 2010 and see good underlying revenue growth and solid profitability. The government fiscal year budget submission was largely positive for this business. The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is the cornerstone of our avionics growth plan and should provide a long-term revenue stream well in excess of $1 billion. The LCS and DDG build plans will help our Navy SATCOM business. Our recent win on the $600 million Army modernization of enterprise terminals or MET program also provides additional growth. Harris will design and replace the U.S. Army's aging strategic SATCOM terminals over the next 10 years. These terminals serve as the backbone for the high priority DoD and missile defense systems communications and the program maintains our ongoing position as a world leader in SATCOM ground systems. Also high within Secretary Gates priorities is increased spending for intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance and counter terrorism. This is well aligned with our new cyber security focus. On April 16th Harris announced its acquisition of Crucial Security, a Washington DC area provider of cyber solutions. This is a very nice bolt-on acquisition for Harris that significantly expands our organic capabilities. Crucial is a major partner supporting federal law enforcement with 110 employees and cutting edge computer forensics capabilities. Computer forensics is used to extract and examine counterintelligence and counter terrorism evidence that maybe stored on computer hard drives or other digital storage media. You may also recall we recently signed an agreement with McAfee to resell their products and technical services to the Federal Government. McAfee is the world's largest dedicated enterprise security technology company and this agreement enables Harris and McAfee together to deliver the most advanced security solutions to all of our customers in the federal marketplace. The Crucial Security acquisition, the McAfee agreement and the recent hiring of Dale Meyerrose, former CIO for the National Intelligence Community, have squarely positioned Harris in a market that should see substantial funding and growth. Our IT services business also continues to expand its market scope and service offerings into selected commercial vertical markets. During the quarter the business was awarded a multi-million dollar 10 year contract by Florida-based Health First to provide network management and IT services for their enterprise operations. Health First operates three hospitals and multiple outpatient facilities. Contract includes software and hardware support, 24/7 network operation centers support, help desk, training and network security services. The IT services business is also pursuing major opportunities in the broadcast vertical market working on programs and new media technologies which McDonald's, the NBA's Orlando Magic and the content provider [SASME]. Finally another area that is high on the new administration's priorities is healthcare IT systems, their reduced costs and improve the quality of care. During the quarter we made additional progress in our healthcare solutions growth initiative. Harris was awarded its first one year option to its Nationwide Health Information Network CONNECT contract. CONNECT enables federal agencies and healthcare providers to quickly and securely exchange patient information. The Social Security Administration was the first agency to go live on CONNECT and it's already realizing significant reductions in time required to obtain medical records to support the processing of disability claims. Third quarter revenue in the Broadcast Communications segment was $132 million compared with $159 million in the prior year quarter. Operating income was $2 million compared to $7 million in the prior year. Ongoing cost reduction programs in the segment have helped to mitigate the impact of lower revenue on our operating results. Sales declined across all three of the segments' business units. The impact of capital expense reductions at customers was most pronounced in the infrastructure and networking business unit. Transmission system sales were modestly lower as a result of softness in the global radio market. Media and Workflow sales were essentially flat with weakness in U.S. and international traffic and billing software offset by higher sales of media server products. We're assuming the Broadcast Communications segment continues to see a tough U.S. broadcast market well into fiscal 2010 as TV and radio station groups continue to hold down capital spending on new projects until they see an improvement in their advertising revenues. International markets are somewhat better with pockets of strength mainly in emerging markets where infrastructure is aging and the transition from analog to digital is less far along. We have a diverse and expanding global base of customers and industry leading breadth in our product and system offerings. Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America have aging analog systems that will eventually be transitioned to digital and our ONE Solution is ideal to meet their needs. The market cycle will rebound and we are well positioned to outgrow the market when that happens. At the recent National Association of Broadcasters show in Las Vegas, Harris made several important announcements related to new media initiatives. For example, we're set to begin a field trial with McDonald's this month to launch their branded TV channel. The trial includes 20 restaurants around the country and features Harris Digital Signage solutions and software to manage, monitor and play out digital broadcast quality video content for the in restaurant McDonald's channel. Systems will be designed and managed through a collaborative effort between Broadcast Communications and our IT services business. In another break-through application Harris has signed an agreement with the National Basketball Association's Orlando Magic to create a first of its kind advanced Media and Workflow solution at the team's new arena that will be opening in 2010. The solution combines IPTV and Digital Signage across the same network and will be built around file-based Workflows that merge broadcast technology with IT infrastructure. These systems will also be designed and managed jointly by Broadcast Communications and IT services. Let me now turn the call over to Harris' CFO, Gary MacArthur.
Gary MacArthur: Thank you, Howard. Q3 was another very solid balance sheet quarter for Harris. Excluding Harris Stratex Networks we ended the quarter with $340 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable equity securities. Cash flow from operations was up by $50 million and capital expenditures were down by over $10 million as compared to the third quarter of the prior year. During the quarter we repurchased $50 million of our outstanding stock at an average price of $39.95 per share. Excluding Harris Stratex Networks return on invested capital increased 3% to 20% and return on equity increased by approximately 4% to 24% as compared with the 12 months ended the third quarter of 2008. Further, we have our entire $750 million revolving credit facility available to us with no long-term debt maturities coming due until October of 2015. Subsequent to the quarter end we announced that we completed the acquisition of Crucial Security for $33 million entered into an agreement to acquire Tyco Electronics' Wireless Systems business for $675 million. We continue to expect to close the Wireless Systems business acquisition by the end of our fiscal year and will fund this acquisition with a combination of cash on hand, funds available under our revolver and long-term debt. Let me now move to some of the details of the quarter. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $250 million as compared to $165 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2008 and all four operating segments generated positive operating cash flow. Our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2009 continues to be in the range of $575 million to $625 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $44 million as compared to $43 million for the third quarter of 2008. Our expectation for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2009 is now in the range of $175 million to $185 million. Capital expenditures were $30 million for the third quarter as compared to $41 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2008. Our guidance for fiscal year 2009 for CapEx remains between $140 million and $150 million. Excluding Harris Stratex Networks, our effective tax rate in the quarter was 31.4% and was lower than the U.S. statutory rate as a result of a favorable IRS tax settlement for fiscal year 2007. Our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2009 is now at 31.5% with an outlook for fiscal year 2010 of 34%, 1% lower than provided in our Q2 earnings call. However, the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events. Other areas of guidance for fiscal year 2010 are as follows. Depreciation and amortization in a range of $190 million to $200 million, capital expenditures including capitalized software in a range of $150 million to $160 million and operating cash flow of $525 million to $575 million. In summary, we expect to finish fiscal 2009 on a very strong financial foundation with expectations for another solid year in fiscal 2010. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me conclude with the outlook discussion for fiscal 2009 and go into some detail about our initial guidance for fiscal 2010. In fiscal 2009 we now expect non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding acquisition costs, to be at the low end of our previous guidance range of $3.93 to $4.03 per share which still represents an EPS increase of 17% compared to last year. Revenue is expected to be about $4.9 billion, an increase of 7% compared to last year. RF Communications revenue is expected in a range from $1.7 billion to $1.75 billion with operating margin of about 34%. Government communication systems revenue is expected to be approximately $2.65 billion with operating margin in a range from 11% to 11.5% and Broadcast Communications revenue is expected to be in a range from $590 million to $600 million with operating margin of 4% to 5%. For fiscal 2010 we're providing our initial non-GAAP earnings per share guidance, excluding acquisition-related expenses, in a range from $3.10 to $3.40 per share with revenue in a range from $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion. RF Communications revenue is expected to be in a range from $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion with operating margin in a range from 25% to 26% and this includes the contribution from the acquisition of Tyco Electronics' Wireless Systems business. RF Communications revenue, excluding Tyco Electronics' Wireless Systems acquisition, is expected to be in a range from $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion with operating margin in a range from 32% to 33%. Please remember this is our initial RF estimates based heavily upon the recent order cancellations and delays which we've just encountered. Government communications systems revenue is expected in a range from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion with operating margin in a range from 11.5% to 12%. Revenue from the FDCA program at the Census Bureau is expected to decrease from $350 million in fiscal 2009 to $120 million to $130 million in fiscal 2010, as our work on the 2010 decennial census nears completion. Government communication systems revenue guidance in fiscal 2010 if we exclude the FDCA program revenue in both years represents an increase of about 6% to 8%, higher than fiscal 2009. Finally Broadcast Communications revenue in fiscal 2010 is expected in a range from $565 million to $585 million with operating margins of 5% to 6%. So those are all the details in the guidance. At this point I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We will go first to Jim McIlree of Collins Stewart.
Jim McIlree - Collins Stewart: Yes, thank you and good evening. Howard, on the RF outlook for fiscal '10, actually not fiscal '10 but beyond that. You say you're looking for growth beyond that. So I'm assuming you are thinking that would get the 117G Army issue cleared up by that point. Actually the first part of that question is what did the Army find unacceptable that they canceled that order? What's going to make it and what gives you confidence that they're going to find it acceptable at some point?
Howard Lance: Well, let me deal with that and then I'll go back to your other question, Jim. The original contract justification was done for the 117F. The Army believed that they had enough flexibility when they placed the order with us to include the 117G. After review the contracts organization changed their mind and so they canceled the order. It's a delay. It's not anything more than that. I'm very confident based on the feedback we've been receiving not only at the command level with all of our people with customer forces around the world, but at the senior levels of the Army that they are very committed to utilizing the capabilities of the 117G. It really is significantly more capable than any legacy multiband manpack radios including our own Falcon II 117F. So it's really just a question of timing. We're obviously going to do everything we can to recapture not only the original order, but the entire $500 million contract ceiling just as soon as we can. At this point given that order cancellation we just didn't feel we could count on that in our guidance and were either forced to delay providing guidance or to provide guidance at a relatively lower level. As a result of that and the stretching out of the Iraq Ministry of Defense orders. Does that make sense?
Jim McIlree - Collins Stewart: Yes, it does. So when you look at the fiscal '10 numbers, you're taking it sounds like maybe a couple of hundred million out for the 117G Army and then I am just ballparking like 100 million or so for Iraq. Would that be round numbers, about right? 
Howard Lance: I think so. I think the way I would articulate it is three months ago we said we thought we would struggle to get to a one-to-one book-to-bill, especially if that Iraq order moved but at that time we were still feeling pretty good about growth in fiscal '10. So if you take our guidance range now for '09 and compare that to our guidance range for '10, I would hang essentially all of our reduction to these two factors in terms of what changed in our point of view over the last 90 days.
Operator: We'll go next to Jason Kupferberg, UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Thanks. Just a follow-up on RF Comm. Did you indicate what your forecasted book-to-bill would be in that segment for fiscal '10? I mean obviously we got the revenue piece.
Gary McArthur: No, I didn't specify, but I think it's fair to say given our current view of order rates that I provided for fiscal '09 we're going to end the year with a relatively low backlog. So one would expect in the year following that, Jason, that your book-to-bill would be at or above one regardless of what kind of guidance you gave for orders. The backlog when we exit this year will be let's say, $550 million approximately and that's about the lowest level of backlog that we operate with in a business of this size.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. Then for fiscal '09 the order outlook for RF Comm I guess seems to imply a pretty big June quarter spike if my math is right. What's driving that?
Gary McArthur: There are lots of orders in the queue. We talked about year-to-date orders of about 800 million and we're providing guidance of 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion for orders in '09. So that suggests we're looking at 400 million to 500 million from lots of different sources, both U.S. DoD, various services as well as international.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. I mean is there visibility pretty high on that? I mean I guess there would be no reason for you to be overly optimistic just given everything else that's going on. So I mean have you closed a fair amount already in the June quarter?
Gary McArthur: We talked about several orders that we got after the quarter ended. So we have some momentum. All I can tell you, it's our best estimate based on where we sit on, May the 5th. We still got orders to book obviously to reach the 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion for the year.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. And sorry, just one follow-up on the 117G question with the IDIQ. I know you said the Army contracts organization determined that the vehicle could not be used. I mean, I guess it sounds like there's some kind of technicality here essentially that blew up this order. I mean do they have to go back and create a whole new IDIQ specific to the 117G or are they going to try and issue the order under some other more flexible contract vehicle that the Army currently has? What's the procurement strategy there?
Howard Lance: The Army has lots of options available to them including both the ones you mentioned, as well as putting a completely new vehicle in place. So I think they're looking at alternatives. At this point we don't know what they'll decide to do, but it's very clear that they are being asked to go find a procurement vehicle to buy these radios because of the capabilities and we think that support is important. We're disappointed obviously about the timing.
Operator: We'll go next to Myles Walton, Oppenheimer & Co.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. Good afternoon. I was hoping, Howard, you could comment on the Army's long range tactical radio strategy, your report that came out in the last couple of weeks. Can you kind of provide us your insights as to as you read it and as you kind of think about it what it meant for Harris? Anything incremental that you took away from the report and the strategic direction they're looking to go?
Howard Lance: Well, I was encouraged, Myles, by several aspects of it, especially what I would refer to as the strong commitment to fielding wideband tactical networking capabilities throughout the force. Obviously that report at this point is still looking towards the two programs of record to provide that. We obviously represent a real immediate immediately available alternative to those and our strategy continues to be to position ourselves as a better value alternative. I think this plays directly into Secretary Gates view of what he's referred to as the 70% solution as it relates to Falcon III and JTRS. I think it's more like a 90% solution as we continue to add capabilities and functionality to the radio such as the work we're doing on the MUOS Waveform for tactical satellite capabilities. So I view this as a positive report because it absolutely reaffirmed the path they're on. Now our challenge is going to be to work with the Army to do two things. Number one, to convince them that we are a more viable alternative and number two, to accelerate some of the fielding and the funding that would allow that as opposed to the current schedule that's underway. So I think it helped to really clarify our challenges, but I thought it was very positive in reaffirming the need for these kinds of radio capabilities to serve the mission requirements of the Army.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Now that's helpful and then I guess to clarify on the guidance for fiscal '10, what is the GAAP guidance for fiscal '10? How much of acquisition expense is included or excluded from the number?
Howard Lance: At this point we're still trying to finalize those numbers. Gary, do you have that?
Gary McArthur: Yes. It's ballpark, it's around $50 million which includes R&D and process write-off, inventory step up, the cash amount isn't nearly that high, but it hasn't been finalized yet and that's why we've preferred not to go out with an exact number at the moment. Ballpark was $50 million in total expenses relating to those types of items plus whatever other items we were going to do with regards to restructuring the guidance.
Howard Lance: We're just making it clear that the acquisition-related costs are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance but that's it.
Operator: We'll go next to Gautam Khanna, Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co.: Hi, thanks. You mentioned on the RF side some timing delays. Can you help us interpret the '09 supplemental request which, if you add the radio budget, accounts are down substantially from '08, why we should think it's just timing and not maybe a [diminished] drop?
Howard Lance: Well, again I'll repeat what we've said before on that front, that if you go looking for a line item that says Harris tactical radios in any DoD budget supplemental or the core palm, you're not going to find that. There are multiple locations throughout the DoD's billions of dollars of procurements that allow them to buy tactical. We certainly have talked in depth in my prepared statement about pressure on the budget. So there's no question that that is also a force that's at work here, but I described earlier our change in view from today versus 90 days ago can be squarely attached to those two changes in the DoD and the Iraq Ministry of Defense orders. Whether our outlook [in up] turns out to be correct or not, I don't know but I think it's fair to say based on our comments today that we have tried to be relatively pessimistic based on recent events in setting a core RF Comm revenue target next year of 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion. In that number we're assuming continued growth in the international revenue side. So we've obviously set the bar quite low as it relates to DoD procurement of tactical radios and I'm obviously hopeful and our team will work hard to beat these numbers. I'm hopeful that this will turn out to be too pessimistic as we go through the year, but that's kind of the current views and it's a combination of specific orders, budget pressure as well as the inability to have enough contract vehicles in place to advance the Falcon III manpack at the rate that we want. If you looked at again 90 days ago view versus now, principally our reductions have been in the Falcon III manpack with a small reduction in the Falcon III hand-held based on a competitive procurement that was lost.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co.: Agreed. Maybe I don't understand, but are you suggesting that we should look at the radio HF cost line item in the supplemental and the marine radio systems line item and interpret nothing from it? I mean what [increment is] down 70% year-on-year and I'm just curious are you suggesting we should interpret that that is not a proxy for some of the funding lines that drive your business in RF?
Gary McArthur: No. Clearly they are two of the funding lines, but they are not all of the funding lines that drive the DoD portion of the RF business. That's all I'm saying. Clearly we expect and again I've been about as clear as we can be and transparent that we expect DoD revenue to be down significantly next year compared to this year. Those are a fraction, Gautam, of the total dollars that will be spent with Harris by the DoD.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co.: I appreciate that. Could you maybe quantify the split of what your expectations are for DoD in your RF assumptions next year after the Tyco acquisition and what the international piece is in terms of percentage of sales? Any sort of color would be useful, DoD, international.
Gary McArthur: The DoD is expected to be less than 50% and international would be greater than 50% on a revenue basis based on our current guidance.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co.: Okay. And may I ask a follow-up just the margins in RF have been, are very good, very strong and with the lower volumes should we expect some absorption issues as we take down or I mean how sensitive are your incremental margins to production rates if indeed volume is coming off next year?
Gary McArthur: Our guidance indicates margins going from about 34% this year to 32% to 33% next year given the magnitude of the revenue drop. I think that's a very good performance by our team and will require them to certainly implement additional cost reduction actions as well as manage their operations very closely. So with this kind of a drop to only lose one to two points in operating margin I think is excellent performance.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Co.: Is there something about the mixture with international? Do they command higher prices or something that provides you with an offset on the top line?
Gary McArthur: Generally speaking we've said international margins are usually a little bit higher. It's also a function of the mix of products as we said before. So I suspect we're getting a little bit of favorable mix but not a huge amount in achieving this forecast.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Donaghey, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, good evening, Howard. This may be a little bit of a sensitive question to answer, but I wonder if you can help us with understanding how the Army was anticipating using these Falcon III radios? Can you just give us a sense for where they were going to go? I know we're talking now about some early spinout type of activities for some of the [brigade] combat teams. To the extent you can talk about it can you walk us through the usage scenarios for the $148 million order?
Howard Lance: I'm sorry, Chris, I probably don't have enough background to do that. I certainly know that there's a lot of activity related to ongoing operations in Iraq and new expanded operations in Afghanistan. A lot of activity around intelligence surveillance, reconnaissance and the ability for our radios to be used to download video as we talked about using this ROVER Waveform that we've ported to it. Beyond that in terms of which specific, you know, divisions are going to be receiving this first tranche I'm sorry, I just don't know that. Presumably it's going to go, in the harm's way into those areas where they can get the greatest benefit from it.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, great. Obviously you have some pretty optimistic expectations for the pipeline as it stands right now. Are there any particular large orders that you're tracking in the international market? What do the concentrations look like for that new orders you're expecting?
Howard Lance: Well, there are a number of orders I would say in the $50 million to $100 million range I think for competitive purposes. They're sensitive and I won't be able to talk about individual countries, but there are a number and again in the longer term we still believe there's $750 million of total opportunities to the Iraq government both the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior. We've gotten some MoI orders. We've been disappointed in the stretching out of the MoD orders, but lots of opportunities there. You look around the globe. You continue to see opportunities in Pakistan, Central Asia, the Middle East, Northern Africa, Latin America. Our international team has I think the broadest list in terms of just this year number of different countries and programs that we've ever had. I'm also very pleased with the progress we're making in going beyond just selling radios and into the more integrated communication systems. We highlighted the UAE project and we have a number of those like that on the books. So lots of opportunity, but, balanced with certainly some near-term slowing and disappointment in the DoD space.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And one last question. Do you see the new MATV vehicle program as a significant opportunity for you as well? Thanks.
Howard Lance: Well, I think we would expect to do very well on that program in the same way that we did on the MRAP programs. We were standardized on the MRAP with the Navy, with the Marine Corps, with the Air Force and had very high penetration in the Army vehicles. So I believe we're going to do very well on that positive more all terrain vehicle as they spin that up and quickly try and deploy it.
Operator: We'll go next to Ted Wheeler, Buckingham Research.
Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research: There was an announcement, I guess, three or four weeks ago about another Falcon III order from the Army that's been protested and I'm just wondering is that order in any of your thinking in guidance and if you could add some color to the issues surrounding that issue?
Howard Lance: I'm not aware of any other issues with orders, Ted, other than the order under the $500 million IDIQ contract that I've referred to here.
Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research: That's not an order that was under protest from a competitor. That's an order that's been held up because the Army is finding a contract vehicle to proceed?
Howard Lance: It's my understanding that a competitive protest may have prompted the Army to look at that contract and ultimately change their mind on it, but that's really all I know about it, but there's not another one that I'm aware of.
Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research: What would be sort of the timetable for that issue to move toward conclusion one way or the other?
Howard Lance: Well, the protest has been withdrawn and the Army presumably concluded that they had gone too far in the procurement and releasing the order to us and that's why they canceled it. So how long it will take for us to rebook that order through another means, I don't know. We've assumed again we hope conservatively that it's six to nine months and again, it's not just that order, but then it's the rest of the $350 million to get up to the whole contract ceiling.
Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research: Right, right. How much of that thinking is in this thought that perhaps a positive book-to-bill ratio next year? Do you need, the restoration of that order? Do you need movement toward the $500 million? Where does that fit into the idea of a positive book-to-bill ratio for '10?
Howard Lance: So we have a process where we look at the entire funnel of opportunities and go through them and make various judgments about the probability of them coming through the funnel and our receiving orders. Between the process 90 days ago and now we have placed a much bigger discount on that entire $500 million IDIQ contract. I couldn't tell you exactly what number is in our outlook for a given order, but we have discounted it significantly in our view that we're giving today for expected guidance for next year at 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion in revenue. Going forward in '10, new orders essentially will be over revenue because again we're starting with a level of backlog which can't go down. It's really kind of as low as you can operate at. So they'll be that relationship at a minimum of one-to-one next year. Obviously we're very hopeful it's well above one-to-one and we can start driving growth then in '11 and '12 as we've indicated. I still think there are lots of opportunities in this market, so we view this as a delay. Again we haven't lost any business. Maybe that's the source of greatest frustration for us is this really is bureaucracy. Here you have a customer that wants to buy this very advanced radio. The government didn't spend a penny to develop it and the contracts process isn't allowing that. So such is life and we've had to adjust our expectations but our teams will be working very hard to support the customer to find another way for them to procure the radios from us.
Ted Wheeler - Buckingham Research: I know it's very early days but on the M/A-COM business is there any feeling about book-to-bill over the next 12 months? Do you think it will be plus one, minus one or just how do you think that business is shaping up? I assume you're starting to work pretty hard on it.
Howard Lance: Yes, we're doing what we can. Of course, we haven't closed, so all we can do is plan at this point. We have in our guidance essentially indicated that we are expecting about $500 million of revenue from the acquisition in the fiscal '10 segment guidance. With regard to book-to-bill, I don't really have anything on that for you other than some color that says that orders continue to be booked at a very good rate during this calendar year. Their last quarter it's my understanding was another good quarter for new orders and it's a data point and it's subjective. The level of phone calls that we've had from existing customers and potential customers reaching out to us with very, very positive feelings about the combination of Harris and M/A-COM, I think has made us feel very good about this move and the potential. We have to deliver and certainly as we said when we announced the acquisition, there are some headwinds with regard to state and local budgets. Having said that, the stimulus bill has a lot of money for state and local in it. We hope some of that flows to rebuilding and enhancing public safety communications. You can certainly expect going forward we'll spend hopefully a fair amount of time on these calls and in our investor briefings talking about the public safety business. We certainly have very high expectations for what we can do with the business over the next three to five years. We have to realize we are not going to change the competitive dynamics in a quarter, but in the long run we think this is exactly the right place for us to be investing.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Ferranti, Stephens, Inc.
Steve Ferranti - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you, good evening. Howard, wondered if you could give us a sense of your view of when you think the official JTRS program of record manpack radio might get fielded. I guess to what extent, do these delays potentially start pushing you into an area where, potentially you're not the only JTRS compliant manpack solution on the market?
Howard Lance: I'm probably not aware of any specific production dates, but I still believe there's no production of any real quantities planned for manpack radios before 2012. So yes, if this delay were to go on for several years, you could have a point, but it's not like we're fielding zero radios. We're still fielding radios and it's just not at this high level of engagement. I feel like we will be successful in getting large quantities fielded with the Army and that is going to have a significant long-term impact on the balance of future procurements between the programs of record and the Harris COTS radios. My view is that if there are competitors taking actions and protesting something when they do not have a product to supply that implies to me someone is very concerned about our products and about the competitive advantage we've established in the market. Time will tell but while I don't like the result, to me it just simply reinforces that we're absolutely on the right track.
Steve Ferranti - Stephens, Inc.: You referred to the Falcon III as a 90% solution I think before. Can you walk us through perhaps, what the 10% gap is to get you to a full solution? Perhaps also, where do you see advantages of Falcon III either in terms of cost or size? I think that would be helpful.
Howard Lance: Again I'm probably, I don't have a level of expertise to get into too much technical detail, Steve, but probably the most single differentiation right now would be the number of channels. So ours is a single channel radio. The requirements under the HMS program is a two-channel radio and the requirements under the GMR program is a four-channel radio. So that's the biggest requirement. My view is that the other capabilities related to the porting of things like the MUOS Waveform, the SRW Waveform which is not fully released yet and the WNW, wideband networking waveform which is not close to being released, those would all be specs as well under the programs of record. There's no reason why we won't be able to port those waveforms into our radios once they are finalized and available. So that's why I talk about it in terms of the 90%. We'll keep adding capability and functionality to it and ultimately if the customer wants, we certainly can develop a multi-channel radio. There are we believe inherent lower costs. We'll have an inherently lower cost to deliver these radios than the programs of record and I think we have illustrated that already with what you could pay for four Falcon III manpacks compared to one four-channel GMR radio under the program of record. So there are significant advantages that we have in costs. You know, we're a commercial company and we have commercial manufacturing processes and mindsets. The RF team has taken significant costs out of our products over the last several years and again I think that that puts us well ahead on the cost experience curve that will be very difficult for others to catch up. At the same time we have pretty high expectations for profitability and that's the reason we'll keep driving down those costs so that we can also deliver high levels of cash, cash income to the business.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we'll just take one more question. I know there's quite a few people in the queue and I'm sorry to cut it off, but we're going on over an hour. We will see you on Monday, May 11th, in New York at the Essex house at 1:30. So we can certainly answer your questions then. Operator?
Howard Lance: We'll have others on the management team who obviously can answer some of the more detailed questions that you've asked about the Falcon III and other features.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Chris Quilty, Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Thanks. Just a clarification on the guidance you provided for fiscal '10 RF Comms. If kind of back into the blended operating margins of 25 to 26. It seems to imply about a 5% to 10% operating margin for the acquired Wireless Systems business unless I ran those numbers wrong. Is that just the impact of amortization on the business or is there something else?
Howard Lance: You got it about right, Chris. It's about 8% to 10% income. There's around $25 million, $26 million of amortization of intangibles assumed in that number, so that's about five points. So that would put you in the 13% to 15% cash earnings and we talked about our belief that this can be a 20% kind of EBITDA business as we get up and get our cost reductions and synergies in place over the next couple of years. The other way to triangulate in on this is we said on the acquisition call that this acquisition would be only slightly accretive and if you look at that kind of margin and compare it with our costs on the debt for the deal, you get a few pennies, maybe $0.03 to $0.04 or so of contribution next year at the GAAP line. Obviously on a cash basis it's more profitable and will contribute to cash flow and again we're going to work very hard to try and accelerate cost reductions and synergies and perhaps we'll be able to do better than that. This guidance is consistent with our previous guidance on profitability in year one for the acquisition.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. Just wanted to make sure there wasn't any change in there. The 50 basis point improvement range for the government business operating margins 11.5 to 12 up from about 11 to 11.5 this year, is that just lower margin FDCA falling off?
Howard Lance: No. It's predominantly the expectation that we don't have any more new commercial reflectors coming into the equation. The commercial reflector pipeline is relatively dry at this point as a lot of those companies are not able to get funding to do additional launches. We think it will come back, but we don't see much in the next 12 months. So that's the primary item that's allowing that improvement is the improved execution of the rest of the programs.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. 
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett – VP, IR & Corporate Communications Howard Lance – Chairman, President & CEO Gary McArthur – SVP & CFO
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg – UBS Mark Jordan – Noble Financial Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co. Joe Nadol – JP Morgan Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital Joseph Campbell – Barclays Capital Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart Chris Quilty – Raymond James
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Harris Corporation Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Harris Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal 2009 Conference Call. I'm Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. And on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO and Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, Howard or other management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussion on such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the comparable GAAP measures included in the tables of our press release and on the investor relations section of our Web site which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the investor relations section of our Web site. And with that, Howard, I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Pam, and welcome to all of you to the Harris second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings call. We had another quarter of excellent financial results and are well positioned in our markets to continue our growth trajectory in spite of the difficult global economy. Our financial position remains very strong and we continue to generate excellent earnings and cash flows from operations while still being able to invest for the future. Revenue in the second fiscal quarter was $1.5 billion, a 16% increase over the prior year. Revenue growth was all organic. Operating performance was also strong with non-GAAP net income at $144 million or $1.08 per diluted share. And that's 24% higher than the prior year. Our GAAP results for the quarter included a noncash, after-tax and minority interest charge of $183 million related to the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets and our 56% owned Harris Stratex Networks subsidiary. These assets were originally recorded in connection with the January 2007 combination of the Harris Microwave Communications division and Stratex Networks. An asset impairment test was required to be performed in our second quarter. As a result of this significant reduction in market capitalization of Harris Stratex since its formation. In December, we announced that we are evaluating strategic alternatives related to our ownership position in Harris Stratex. We expect that the segment's financial results will move into discontinued operations in fiscal 2009. As a result, we're updating our fiscal 2009 revenue and earnings guidance to exclude Harris Stratex from the results of continuing operations. With that, let me move on to the individual segment results in the quarter. Revenue at RF Communications was $438 million in the second quarter. And that was up 23% compared to last year. Operating margin remains strong at about 33% of revenue. We believe margins will increase a bit in the second half, so fiscal 2009 segment margins for the full year are expected to come in at about 34% of revenue consistent with our prior guidance. Revenue was slightly higher in the U.S. market compared to the prior year quarter, but significantly higher in the international markets. Major deliveries in the quarter were made to the Philippines, Mexico, Iraq, Algeria, Afghanistan and a number of European countries. International revenue growth continued to accelerate with international at 40% of total segment revenue in the quarter. This compares to about 27% for all of fiscal year 2008. Orders through the first half of fiscal 2009 were approximately $520 million. Second quarter orders were lower than expected as one large order in the international market and several opportunities in the U.S. market moved out of the second quarter. These orders are now expected to book in the second half of fiscal 2009 or in early fiscal 2010. It's important to note that no orders were lost or canceled, they simply moved to the right. While international order delays are somewhat typical, the issues related to U.S. orders were a little unusual. During the December quarter, the procurement processes within the Department of Defense really seemed to slow down. From what we can see the transition to the new administration created some of these delays as budgets and priorities were being reviewed. In addition, it's taken longer than we anticipated for our various DoD customers to establish new contract vehicles; to procure our new JTRS approved Falcon III 117G Manpack Radios. We've been working closely with these customers as they evaluate the additional capabilities of the 117G and they're very excited about these new capabilities. But then they have to put in place an acquisition process along with the appropriate contract vehicles before they can release orders to us. Important new 117G Manpack orders were received in the quarter and in January from the U.S. special operations command, the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Marine Corp. These included an $18 million order from the U.S. Air Force special operations command for their battle field airman program. The Harris 117G radios that they will use will include the ability to directly receive real time rover video feeds from a wide variety of tactical UAVs. The 117G is significantly smaller and lighter than the current special purpose systems that are being used to receive this feed. This application I think illustrates the versatility of our new Falcon III Manpack. The war fighter in the field will now be able to use the same radio for both general purpose communications as well as direct reception of tactical UAV video. The 117G's wideband networking capability can then disseminate this video to other users on the network. We also received in the quarter multiple Falcon III multiband handheld orders from the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps who are using the Falcon III handheld for multiple applications including in the mine resistant ambush protected vehicles designated for Afghanistan. Our DoD prospects remain positive. We're very well positioned to support U.S. forces as redeployments increased to Afghanistan. It appears the Marine Corp will be leading that redeployment and we have a strong relationship with the Marines who have been early adopters of our new Falcon III radios. New demand will also be created as force levels increase in both the Marine Corp and in the Army and as tactical radios continue to penetrate further into the battalion, company and platoon command structure. In addition, remember, there's a large installed base of legacy radios that will ultimately need to be replaced since only a very small percentage of the installed base is JTRS capable radios. Harris is in a leading position to benefit from this transition. Last week, Secretary of Defense Gates testified before Congress and he suggested ways to reduce defense spending, while still getting the best possible equipment into the hands of combat forces as quickly as possible. He expressed some frustration with the pace of several current programs of record and was encouraging the pursuit of cot systems that “represent a 75% solution.” Well, you know our Falcon III radios are JTRS approved, they provide features and functionality unmatched in the industry and they're being fielded and are available now. We enjoy a significant lead in the marketplace with more than 65,000 radios now delivered. The fact that Harris JTRS radios are already wildly fielded by all branches of the military puts us in a very strong position as the DoD comes to terms with the future funding of the JTRS programs of record. Tactical communications modernization programs remain a top priority at U.S. allies and partner nations as well. Both the number and size of international standardization programs have increased and we have added resources to our international sales team to support our international dealers in these pursuits. The opportunity to provide tactical radios to the Government of Iraq, for example, over the next several years could reach $700 million. Australia's tactical communications upgrade program represents a $200 million opportunity. Just this week, we received a major new contract for $45 million from the Government of the UAE. This is part of a multi-year program and includes Falcon II radios, our new Falcon III high capacity data radios and tactical SATCOM terminals. We're also seeing good progress in winning international communications systems integration projects where our revenue is expected to grow from about only $20 million last year to an estimated $50 million in fiscal 2009. Orders in the segment are expected to rebound significantly in the second half as procedural delays are resolved and customers release orders against the new contract vehicles that they are putting in place. We still have the potential to achieve a book to bill of one in fiscal 2009. But given the recent order delays, it will be more of a stretch. If the $250 million current opportunity in Iraq also slips into the first quarter, then the book to bill for this year would likely come in below one. Now, regardless of the ultimate timing of these near term orders, we believe RF Communications can deliver continued revenue growth in fiscal 2010. Our total opportunity pipeline for tactical radio systems in both the U.S. and international markets stands at $3.5 billion. This opportunity funnel has actually increased compared to last year at this time. We also expect growing revenue from other new products that we've launched in recent quarters, including products like the secure personal radio, the high capacity line of sight radio, the land mobile radio, several secure communications terminals and the broadband global area network terminal. Our government communication systems segment reported second quarter revenue of $748 million, up 20% compared to last year. Operating income in the quarter was $85 million, an increase of 27%. Operating margin was 11.4% of revenue in the quarter. Revenue drivers included as sequential revenue increase compared to our first quarter of $115 million related to the field data collection automation program for the U.S. census bureau. Higher FITCA [ph] program revenue resulted from both our delivery of hand held computers for the address canvassing phase of the program as well as additional equipment originally planned for the second half of fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010 that was brought forward into the second quarter. I'm pleased to say that we have successfully put in place a modified FITCA contract. Now with an expected total program value of about $800 million. We will have about $200 million in work remaining after fiscal year 2009. Our FITCA team is executing on schedule against the modified contract milestones. Other revenue drivers compared to the prior year quarter included several classified programs, the Multiband Satellite Communications Terminal program to the U.S. Navy, avionics shipments for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program and an IT services program for the Air Force Weather Agency. During the quarter, we continued to make progress on the various commercial reflector programs. Three more radio rib design reflectors were successfully delivered to customers for spacecraft integration and test and they've now been returned to Harris for final testing and final shipment. All of the radio rib reflectors are scheduled to achieve final delivery to customers in fiscal 2009. And based on our recent performance, we believe that the financial risk related to the radio rib reflectors has essentially been retired. We also made significant progress on the other two 22-meter hoop design reflectors by successfully mounting the surface to the structure for the first time. Although several important milestones were achieved in the quarter, the estimated cost at completion for the hoop design program increased, requiring an additional $11 million in reserves. Both of these two reflectors are scheduled to ship during fiscal 2010. During the quarter, Harris was awarded new national intelligence programs with a combined value of approximately $300 million, including a $100 million order for systems integration and IT services. We are well positioned in the intelligence market which should continue to receive priority funding for systems that collect, process, analyze and disseminate critical intelligence data to the nation's decision makers. We're also developing new business areas that hold promise for the future, including our health care solutions business. During the quarter, we completed the first phase of the National Health Information Network Connect program to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Harris is developing and integrating a network capable of moving large amounts of data and images seamlessly and securely across private and public health care networks. In the second quarter, we also announced the formation of our cyber and information assurance business unit. Retired Major General Dale Myros will be leading our efforts. As the CIO for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and previously, the CIO for several major Air Force commands, Dale understands the issues and opportunities firsthand. He will help us to leverage our considerable capabilities in this area to address global information security threats. Today, Harris uses state-of-the-art technology assessment techniques and systems engineering to define, deploy and operate secure networks for customers as diverse as the Department of Defense, the National Reconnaissance Office, U.S. Census Bureau and Federal Aviation Administration. Moving on to the broadcast segment, second quarter revenue was $163 million, about flat with the prior year. Operating income was $12 million compared to non-GAAP operating income of $10 million in the prior year quarter. Operating margin was 7.4%, improving both sequentially and year-over-year as a result of cost reduction actions that we've taken over the past several quarters. I believe this was solid performance given the weakness in our U.S. markets and that it compares favorably with the performance of our competitors in the broadcast space. Transmission systems revenue increased in the second quarter driven by the over-the-air digital television transition in both the U.S. and Brazil. Infrastructure, networking and media and work flow revenues were higher in international markets, but were more than offset by lower U.S. revenue. The weakening U.S. economy has prompted many of our broadcast and media customers to delay capital spending on infrastructure projects. U.S. market demand is expected to remain weak for the next several quarters. The outlook for our international markets is much more positive. Most of our international customers are not as highly leveraged as our U.S. counterparts and in fact many have government ownership or government funding. In addition, some countries, such as Australia, have mandated schedules for conversion to digital technology. During the second quarter, Harris received 12 international orders over $1 million for the Harris ONE solution in countries like the UK, Bulgaria, Italy, India, Australia, Iraq, Qatar, and Mexico. In addition to demand for infrastructure, enterprise software and international markets, we expect future revenue growth from our new international transmitter product line which has both enhanced features and lower costs. Harris is clearly benefiting from our previous investments to expand our footprint outside North America. There are several large opportunities which we are pursuing in China, Australia and Singapore that could play out in our fourth fiscal quarter and have a positive impact on our results for the year. We also continue to work on exciting longer term growth opportunities in mobile television, in out-of-home advertising supported by our digital signage capabilities and in full motion video solutions for our government customers. All of these emerging market applications represent significant future potential for the broadcast business. Harris Stratex Networks revenue for the second quarter was $191 million, an increase of 5% compared to the prior year quarter. Non-GAAP operating income was $9.5 million, compared to $11 million in the prior year quarter. Company reported a GAAP operating loss of $292 million in the segment in the second quarter as a result of the noncash asset impairment that we described earlier. Harris Stratex Networks will host a conference call to discuss their second quarter results today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern Time. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary McArthur: Good afternoon. Thank you, Howard. To begin with, I would like to say a few words about our majority owned Harris Stratex Networks subsidiary. As a result of the current global economic environment and the decline in its market capitalization, Harris Stratex as required under the statement of accounting standards number 142 recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge and a related increase in tax valuation allowances that reduced our consolidated GAAP net income by $183 million after taxes and minority interest. As you may recall, we recorded a noncash gain of a similar amount at the time we combined our microwave business with Stratex in January of 2007. With regards to our evaluation of separation alternatives, we are making good progress and expect to make an announcement during this quarter. The current book value of our investments in Harris Stratex following the second quarter impairment charge is now $251 million, a gain or loss on disposition will be recognized to the extent that the value received in cash or provided in the dividend is higher or lower than our book value. Moving to our liquidity position, as of quarter-end, we have $354 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand. We have our entire $750 million fully committed revolving credit facility which does not come up for renewal until 2013 available to us and we have no long-term debt maturities coming due until October of 2015. As mentioned in our last call, substantially all of our pension plans are defined contribution, 401K plans and we have no significant obligations under defined benefit plans. As to this quarter's results, we had a very solid second quarter with all four segments posting positive cash flow from operations. Total cash flow generated from operating activities was $152 million as compared to $126 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. The billing delays experienced in our government communications systems segment which resulted from a financial systems upgrade are mostly behind us with only system optimization work remaining to be completed. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $35 million as compared to $36 million in the prior year quarter. We continue to be on the path of generating our fourth straight year of significant improvements in free cash flow. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any of our stock. Stock repurchases for the first half of the year totaled $75 million and were at an average price per share of $50.98. As of quarter-end, we have $100 million remaining under our $600 million stock repurchase program. Let me now turn to guidance. Our expectation for operating cash flow for the full year is now between $575 million and $625 million as compared to our previous guidance of $650 million to $700 million. As a result of the expected separation of Harris Stratex during this fiscal year as well as it’s expected lower operating cash flow results. Capital expenditures are now expected to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million as compared to our previous guidance including Harris Stratex of $160 million to $170 million. And depreciation and amortization are now expected to be in the range of $165 million to $175 million as compared to previous guidance of $170 million to $180 million. Our outlook for the full year non-GAAP tax rate for fiscal 2009 is now 32% versus our previous guidance of 33%, noting however that the tax rate for any given quarter to vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events. In looking ahead to fiscal year 2010, without the lower tax rate of Harris Stratex as part of the mix, we expect our tax rate to increase to 35%. In summary, we have a very solid financial foundation and continue to have a positive outlook for another year of strong balance sheet metrics and cash flow generation. Let me turn it now back to Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me close with comments regarding the overall outlook for the business. We have updated our fiscal 2009 guidance for revenue and GAAP earnings to reflect moving Harris Stratex Networks into discontinued operations prior to the end of fiscal year 2009. Consolidated revenue from continuing operations is expected to now increase by 8% to 9% compared to the prior year. RF Communications growth is now expected at 15% to 16% above our previous guidance of 13% to 15%. Government communications systems growth is still expected at 6% to 8%. Broadcast communications revenue is now expected to be flat to slightly below fiscal 2008 as a result of the weak U.S. economy. Our third quarter will probably be sequentially lower than the second quarter with potential for the fourth quarter to improve somewhat as a result of several major international broadcast projects. GAAP earnings from continuing operations are expected to be in a range of $3.93 to $4.03 per diluted share, representing a year-over-year increase of 17% to 20%. RF Communications segment margins are still expected at 34% of revenue. Government communication systems segment margins are still expected in a range of 10.5% to 11.5% of revenue and broadcast communication segment margins are now expected in a range of 5% to 7% of revenue as a result of the lower U.S. market demand that I've talked about. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we'll go first to Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Thanks, guys and congratulations on the quarter. Couple of questions here. First of all on the guidance, is there any change in the guidance for continuing operations? I just wanted to confirm exactly how much you're pulling out for Harris Stratex to give people a sense of whether or not the rest of the business is seeing any change in fiscal '09 outlook?
Howard Lance: Jason, we attributed $0.12 to Harris Stratex in our prior guidance, so all of the adjustment is attributable to the removal of Harris Stratex from continuing operations into discontinued operations.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay. Where do you guys think overall corporate operating margins should trend on a go-forward basis from the continuing ops when Stratex is divested?
Howard Lance: Well, we'll certainly talk more about that, I think, longer term view of both top line growth as well as margins, Jason, at our analyst day here in March, but it's fair to say that our mind set is margins should improve. We believe there is still significant room for improvement over the long run at broadcast, in that segment, over the next few quarters because revenue is going to be challenged with the U.S. market situation. That may not be possible, but certainly in the longer run, we'd expect double digit margins in that business and we think there is at least some opportunity to continue to improve margins in our government systems business, maybe on the order of 50 basis points to 75 basis points.
Jason Kupferberg – UBS: Okay. That's great. Thanks guys for the color.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan – Noble Financial: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Howard, could you give us your view of the JT – where the status is of the programs of record for the JTRS, where are they in terms of potentially having competitive product in the marketplace and how do you see them from a cost standpoint as a competitor?
Howard Lance: I haven't really learned anything new in the last quarter, so my understanding is that LRIP limited rate initial production is still in the 2012 kind of time frame for both the GMR and the HMS programs. I don't have any direct information relative to their costs. Anecdotally, we have heard that the GMR radio is substantially higher by order of magnitude than our cots offering. I haven't heard anything specifically about the HMS products. Clearly, our focus is going to be to offer a better value solution to the customer. I'm sure that all programs of record are under review right now as discussions are under way on the – submitting the fiscal – government fiscal year 2010 budget, which the latest I heard on that is it will go in late April. So I'm sure every program including JTRS is being discussed at the highest levels as they look at government budgets.
Mark Jordan – Noble Financial: Could you look out for the balance of this year at the RF group, what percent do you think will be – of sales will be derived internationally and where do you think that goes over the longer term?
Howard Lance: Well, we – I think if I recall correctly, we're about 35% in the first quarter, about 40%, as I said in the second quarter. I think for the second half, it will kind of be in that same range and I believe over the next three years to five years, that percentage probably gets a little bit higher rather than lower and again, we'll be talking a lot about this at our March Conference, but certainly international is going to drive a lot of the future growth, especially in the next couple of years as we get more clarity on the JTRS programs of record and get priorities reset with Afghanistan redeployments from Iraq and so on.
Mark Jordan – Noble Financial: And a final question, if I may. On the operating margins, obviously, you took a dip down here. Was this a mix shift and with the growing importance of international, what implications does that have for operating margin potential for the RF group?
Howard Lance: My view is the second quarter at around 33%, still very good margins, but about a point or 100 basis points lower than the first quarter. It's mix related and we expect it in the second half to return to previous levels and to come in about 34% for the year. It's not as a result of international. In fact, in general, international margins run a little bit better usually than margins for DoD. But you've got several moving parts, right? You've got different customers, you've got U.S. versus international and you've got different product families.
Mark Jordan – Noble Financial: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Myles Walton with Oppenheimer & Co.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hello.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: The government com margins particularly strong in the quarter especially if you add back the reflector charge of 11 million, looks like just under 13% type margins. Can you give us some more color on the sustainability of those? Obviously, that's not implied in the guidance, but was there anything positive in the quarter that's one-time-ish or any contract closeouts that were helping that number?
Howard Lance: We certainly did have a couple of contract closeouts and we had a very, very good performance in the quarter on performance fees and as well as on managing our overhead costs, but we're not counting on that to continue at that rate in the second half and that's why we're sticking with our prior guidance for the year of 10.5% to 11.5% margins.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: And was the FITCA revenue actually a margin headwind in the quarter as well?
Howard Lance: No, we had a benefit from both the higher revenue contributing dollars and also improving our overall profit performance to-date on the program as we got the new contract in place. It was not a detractor.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. In normal conditions would that hardware run below the segment margins though?
Howard Lance: Hardware in general runs – cots hardware that we're passing on as in the case of the handhelds, yes, generally would run lower than our systems integration margin where we're developing all the content ourselves.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And then on the census program as well, it looks like at least in the house version there is plus up money for the 2010 census and just curious of your perspective on that money and what, if any, it could mean to Harris.
Howard Lance: Well, I would just be speculating. Clearly, some of it is to fund the higher dollars in our renegotiated contract, but we would like to think that there is still upside opportunity if we execute on the rescope such that we might be able to participate in some upside. But, at this point we've got to meet our new milestones and deliver a very high level of quality in this next phase, which is address canvassing, but I think in the longer run over the next couple of years, there's some upside there, but it depends on our ability to execute and to restore full confidence, not only in the new leadership at the census and the commerce department, but also in the Congress.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And Gary, I think you – could you – I'm sorry, I missed the free cash flow – or the operating cash flow number. Could you remind us what that was in the new guidance? And in particular, the drivers that are non-HSTX separating out related?
Gary McArthur: Sure. The new guidance is 575 million to 625 million. The previous guidance was 650 million to 700 million and the change is the whole – I'd say the majority of it is all Harris Stratex.
Myles Walton – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Alright. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Joe Nadol with JP Morgan.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Thanks. Good afternoon. Howard, on the delayed I guess contract vehicles, any sense on timing? I hear you on Iraq and that's a little bit tough to say, but the contract vehicles, where – do you expect those to come this quarter and on the back of that, I guess part B of the question is what do you have left in your existing vehicles so that you can continue to take in orders without getting the new ones?
Howard Lance: Well, it's really not a question, Joe, of ceilings on our current vehicles. They're still – there's adequate ceiling for many of our products. The vehicles that we've had difficulty getting in place have been related to the new 117G radio. Before, as you're well aware, before the government can source this from us, they've got to go through a process of evaluation, looking at competitive offerings, trade-offs and so on, especially if it's going to be a directed procurement. So that's just taking a lot longer than we thought. Some of the offices we deal with it have been a little distracted with the change in administration, lots of other work going on relative to budgets and priorities. So, we described it as unusual, but it clearly has created a little less specificity in terms of the timing. So I'm not sure I can tell you if that's all going to happen this quarter or not. I can tell you that we are continuing to ramp up our production in anticipation of the orders and I think we'll be in a position to turn on those relatively quickly and we feel there is a good level of confidence in the guidance we're providing for this fiscal year.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Okay. Do you anticipate the next couple of quarters, as is the normal progression to be higher sequentially in RF from a sales standpoint?
Howard Lance: Yes, sequentially yes. I think that to get to the 15% to 16%, you'd be higher sequentially as well as kind of year-over-year to get to those numbers in revenue. And orders will – as we said, we still have our eye on achieving a one O book to bill. That's going to be a more difficult with the delays that we saw this quarter and we really do need to get the Iraq current opportunity of $250 million closed. If that doesn't happen then we'll end up short of one O. I feel like we still have such a large pipeline, our operations now are able to turn orders into revenue so much quicker than we could two years, three years ago, that we still feel comfortable that we will grow in RF in 2010 and we're also going to be benefiting from a lot of other new products that we've launched and are in production and are pleased that we're ramping up nicely. So I don't feel like we're as dependent as we were a couple of years ago solely on DoD, but we were a bit surprised and at the low order level this second quarter.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Just one more on that topic. On the 117G specifically, because I guess that's where the U.S. contract situation is felt the most, what's the book to ship time frame? Are we talking six months, can you do less than that? To what quarter are sales being pushed out of as the structure gets delayed?
Howard Lance: Well, these orders, as indicated by our guidance, didn't really affect this year's revenue.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Right.
Howard Lance: So that would suggest that we weren't counting on any of these delayed orders for at least six months. Having said that, we can turn the orders a lot faster than six months, so we are going to continue to ramp up our production. That probably means we'll run a little higher inventory levels, but these are all standard products that either internationally or domestically we'll have demand for. So we want to be in position to turn that order to revenue whether it's for Iraq or other international customers or U.S. customers as quickly as possible.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Okay. And then just one more on broadcast. Given what's going on in the U.S. with demand, are you considering more restructuring or are you just waiting to see how the international market continues to hold up before you make any decisions?
Howard Lance: Well, I'd say we're pretty much in a constant mode of looking at how we can take costs out at broadcast. Tim Thorsteinson and his team continue to squeeze on new hires and as we have normal attrition and turnover, we don't fill those jobs or we fill them with people in skill sets that we deploy into the growth areas, whether it's international or some of the new business opportunities. But at this time we're not anticipating any major announcement rather than things we're already doing. We may look at taking vacation furloughs in the third quarter. I think that will depend how orders continue to come in, in the quarter. But short of that, I think it's just become a – what I would – the phrase I would use would be kind of a hunker down mind set there because the U.S. is so weak. Now, I know it's a modest complement, but I think compared to how our competitors are doing, I think we're much more well positioned. But certainly we're disappointed that we're not seeing more year-over-year improvement and I think we're on a track to do that before the economy tank.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Chris Donaghey with SunTrust Robinson.
Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson: Good evening, guys. Howard, just on the RF com and the delays there, can you talk a little bit about – are we talking about converting existing contract vehicles like MBMMR to a Falcon III product or some of the newer contract vehicles like the ones we're expecting to see for satellite communications-enabled tactical radios for Afghanistan?
Howard Lance: I think it's a combination of contract extensions and new contract vehicles, Chris. We have some of each. Some of the existing vehicles we're able to have extensions to accommodate new products. Other vehicles need to be put in place kind of from scratch.
Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. And then on the pipeline, I think that's a new number for us. Can you just talk a little bit quantitatively about how that pipeline has progressed over the past couple of quarters? And can you talk a little bit about the mix of international orders in that pipeline versus U.S.?
Howard Lance: I think it's about – in aggregate about 10% higher than it was a year ago, the 3.5 would have been 3.2 maybe a year ago. In aggregate, it's the combination of business that we would expect to be awarded within the next 15 months is the way that RF has been categorizing that opportunity funnel for us. It is probably a little larger internationally than it was a year ago and it's probably about the same. I think most of the – domestically. I think about most of the growth, I would say, has come from new international opportunities that we've seen emerging. I mentioned a few in our press release and in my comments. Obviously Iraq, not just the current opportunity, but ongoing, Australia, Middle East and so on.
Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Great. And just one more metric on that if you have it. Do you have an estimated win rate at RF com over the past couple of years?
Howard Lance: I don't know what that is specifically. Whatever it is with Dana Maynard and his team, I expect it to go up. But I don't know specifically what it is. But certainly what we do when we make comments about future growth projects is we're looking at our backlog which we still think will be pretty solid as we exit this year and we look at that pipeline, how much of it do we think we'll close, what'll our win rate be and then what – how much of it can we turn or convert from new orders into revenue? So, it's a series of different calculations, but I don't recall the specific win rate per se and I'd have to think about that before I think answering. We will talk again at the March analyst meeting about our views of the market. We've been rolling out the calendar '08 market as we do each year about this time and looking at our market share and the trends there. So I'll try to be in a position to have a comment on that at that point.
Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Great. Thanks. And Gary, just a quick housekeeping item. Are you going to have restated financials with Harris Stratex Networks available?
Gary McArthur: Actually, we will do an 8-K to show the segments as we reorganized going back, so our restated 10-K. With regards to the disposition of Harris Stratex, it will go into discontinued ops at the time we either intend to sell or if we keep to a spend not until we distribute the shares. So we won't be doing that probably until later in the quarter or the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Chris Donaghey – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Joseph Campbell with Barclays Capital.
Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital: Good evening. Actually, it's Carter and Joe. First off, Howard, I have to say congratulations on the Emmy award. The picture you sent around was fantastic.
Howard Lance: Thank you. All I did was accepted it, I didn't win it.
Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital: I had a question on the guidance. If I look at what's changed, it looks like you've added about 10 million in op profit from the RF change and about 3 million from the tax rate and that's roughly equivalent to the downward revision in broadcast which looks like it's about 13 million. So if those offset and the quarter was better than planned, I'm just sort of trying to figure out why it is that we didn't raise the full year number, is this completely related to FITCA moving forward a little bit?
Howard Lance: Well, there's lots of moving parts as you suggest. Let me make one – one comment which I didn't make during my prepared comments and that has to do with non-operating income. We are expecting to get a pickup in non-operating income either this quarter or next quarter, most likely this current third quarter as a result of some technology licensing that we're doing and that could be in the amount of about $7 million. So you've got the RF outlook a little bit stronger, you've got the broadcast outlook obviously weaker, you've got the tax rate and then the non-operating income. So when you put all those together, compared to our prior guidance, it all came out about the same on a – as previous basis, if you were to exclude the $0.12 for Harris Stratex.
Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. And on the share repurchase, given the financial position I would have assumed – I was surprised to see that you didn't buy back any stock in the quarter. Was there any color there?
Howard Lance: Just ultimate conservatism and prudence that given the situation with credit and so on I just – I felt like we'd take a quarter off, nothing more significant than that. At this point, we intend to restart it this quarter and next quarter, but obviously that could be subject to change, but that's our current plan.
Carter Copeland – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Joseph Campbell – Barclays Capital: Howard, this is Joe. You stood up this new cyber security organization. I just wondered if you could say, are there some specific Harris skill sets, I mean is this Harris attacking other systems or simulated attacks or some sort of comprehensive scoring about how well people do in assessments or is it writing software to defend systems? Sort of what's the way in which Harris goes to market in this cyber security? And does Dale already have current business here or is this total new business situation where you're going to move stuff in or just go get new stuff?
Howard Lance: Yes, good questions and again, in the March meeting, we'll be talking a little bit about this and give you an opportunity to talk with Dale directly about it. It's a – it's an effort to first of all pull together what we are doing because we certainly have cyber and information assurance as an element of a number of our large network programs. Some of that is applying cots capability. A lot of it is starting with cots and then modifying it for our specific customer needs. Is it offensive or defensive, it's all of the above. It certainly, however is understanding how you try and measure and assess the security of a system, how you detect when there has been an intrusion, how you repel that intrusion and how you learn from that, how to make the system even more secure. I see this as being a horizontal capability that will apply to our defense customers, our national intelligence customers, our other federal agencies as well as commercial customers. We think there are opportunities, for example, in the energy and utility space and broader in enterprises where everyone is increasingly coming under more and more attack from a cyber standpoint. And we think we have some unique capabilities and a track record that will give us credibility to go and broaden our efforts as it relates to this area. So that's a little bit of a teaser and more to come at our March analyst meeting.
Joseph Campbell – Barclays Capital: And just one last one, on FITCA, you mentioned that there's at the end of '09, 200 million to go. How did – I mean does FITCA tail off, does it slow down and stretch out as it goes into a different phase or does it abruptly end or how should we be thinking about what's going on here?
Howard Lance: Well, I certainly think the majority of the 200 we'll see in our fiscal year '10. So there will be a tailing off. We'll have some of it in fiscal year '11, but a lot more in fiscal year '10. You'll recall from the original program scope the decision was made to take back in-house and to go paper based for the non-response follow-up activity. And so that's why our program now becomes much more front-end loaded because as we get through the address canvassing phase this fiscal year, we have a more diminished role in the roll out of a census itself and the non-response follow-up in our fiscal year '10 and '11. Now again if we do a bang-up job, there is an opportunity always for us to go and potentially get additional money and help in additional ways, but at this point, we're very pleased to have locked in the contract modification at 800 million and about 200 million of that remains after this fiscal year, most of the 200 million in '10 and a smaller portion in '11.
Joseph Campbell – Barclays Capital: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Jim McIlree with Collins Stewart.
Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart: Thanks. Good evening.
Howard Lance: Hello.
Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart: What was the reason for the lower tax rate during this quarter?
Gary McArthur: The lower tax rate in this quarter was a result – let me just make sure I get this straight. Well, there were several moving parts to it. We had some audits that were completed on the state and local level was the majority of the reduction in this quarter.
Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart: Okay. And secondly on RF, I just want to make sure I understand what happened. The revenues in the U.S. was weaker than you expected as well as order push outs, but the order push outs have an impact on the fiscal – they don't have an impact on fiscal '09. Is that correct? So there's two kinds of things going on with RF at least domestically. Is that right?
Howard Lance: I didn't say anything about revenue, Jim, that I recall. I think the revenue was pretty much as we expected. It was really all about orders.
Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart: Okay. Great. And again, that relates to U.S. contract vehicles, the 117G isn't an international product yet, is it?
Howard Lance: Not to any extent. So it's really U.S. contract vehicles for the 117G and the cloud around the timing of this initial Iraq opportunity of about $250 million.
Jim McIlree – Collins Stewart: Alright. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. With time for one final question, we'll go to Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty – Raymond James: Always the last one in. Howard, on that question of the win rate, Dana told me he never loses anything, so that that question on the 117G, you've gotten orders from the marine and the Air Force, but what about the Army and what are the prospects there?
Howard Lance: Well, the prospects are good, but I don't want to jinx myself. I think the prospects are very good. I mean to some extent we're very focused with all of our customers on getting the 117G adopted compared to previously the 117F. We think that's very important for our longer term position to be established and in the field with that product. To some extent we probably through that strategy delayed some orders. We probably could have had some 117F orders, but we've worked very hard across all the DoD customers to really drive the 117G and at the time – and I still think that's the right strategy. At the time we probably didn't think enough about all of the bureaucracy that had to be accomplished in order to get those new contract vehicles in place.
Chris Quilty – Raymond James: Okay. And the 7 million non-operating item, is that one time in the third quarter or spread over several quarters or is (inaudible) fee?
Howard Lance: It will be a one-time event and it has to do with the sale of some IP that we don't believe we need, but others – another party values and it will occur, we believe, in the third quarter, always a chance it doesn't, but it would be a one-time nonrecurring $7 million income item.
Chris Quilty – Raymond James: Okay. And electronic medical records, the talk about blowing billions of dollars to make it happen, you're relatively new in the health care field, but seem to have good capabilities there, any potential?
Howard Lance: I think a lot of potential. Whether it turns into billions or not, probably premature for me to speculate, but there is no question that the health care infrastructure as it relates to technology of information in this country needs to be upgraded and needs to catch up with a lot of other enterprises and we would like to think that we have the capabilities that would be valued there and that's why we're putting a lot of resources into this area, trying to chalk up some wins in the military health space so that we then have credibility as exactly how this money would be spent evolves that we can participate in that in some way and I don't – I don't know enough about it to speculate how we participate, but clearly I think we're in a better position to be on somebody's team or prime certain aspects of that now than we were a year ago. So we've been working hard to put in place the foundation so that as money is available we can be a player.
Chris Quilty – Raymond James: Got it. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Alright. Thank you, everyone for joining us and make sure you make time to join us for our March Analyst Meeting, 18th and 19th. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP of IR and Corporate Communications Howard Lance - President and CEO Gary McArthur - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg - UBS Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Rich Valera - Needham and Company Myles Walton - Oppenheimer Jim McIlree - Collins Larry Harris - C.L. King
Operator: Good afternoon. Welcome to Harris Corporation conference call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter fiscal 2009 conference call. I am Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. On the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and before we get started, I'm going to say a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, Howard or other management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially for those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Howard, with that, I'll turn it over to you.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Pam, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report to you that Harris had another quarter with excellent financial results. Revenue in the quarter was $1.4 billion, 11% higher than last year's first quarter. All of this growth was organic, and each of our four business segments had higher revenue. Net income was $119 million or $0.88 per diluted share, representing an increase of 18% compared to the prior year. This was a particularly strong increase in earnings, since our GAAP results included pre-tax charges of $9 million for previously announced cost reduction actions at Broadcast Communications, Government Communication Systems and Harris Stratex Networks. Our continuing focus is on increasing efficiency, lowering our cost and ensuring that our investments are lined with higher growth market opportunities. Our GAAP results also included a pre-tax impairment charge of $8 million related to our authentic stockholdings. Our strong financial position allowed us to continue to invest during the quarter in a number of important growth initiatives, including new products, new capabilities and serving new markets in order to continue to build long-term shareholder value. Let us now move on to the individual segment results. Revenue at RF Communications was $415 million in the first quarter, up 31% compared to last year. Operating income increased 28% to $142 million, and at 34% of revenue, margins were at the high end of our previous range. Revenue increased in both US and international markets. Our strong start to the year was highlighted by international success across a number of different regions and countries. Our international customer base has expanded significantly over the past two years, and we continue to have a robust opportunity pipeline. International revenue in the quarter increased as a percentage of total revenue to over 35%. This compares to 27% of total revenue from international for all of fiscal 2008. Major deliveries in the quarter were made to Iraq, the Philippines, Norway, Poland, Pakistan, the United Arab Emirates, Algeria, Romania, Brunei, the UK, the Republic of Georgia, Macedonia and Saudi Arabia. Orders momentum also continued with $337 million in new orders for the quarter, in line with our expectations. We expect orders to accelerate in the second quarter and to be greater than revenue for fiscal year 2009 in total. As we told you before, order rates at RF do vary substantially between quarters. A book-to-bill ratio in a single quarter is not particularly meaningful. Instead, you need to look at the overall orders trend at RF, which remains very positive. In fact, over the last three years, the quarterly book-to-bill ratio at RF has varied across a broad range, from as low as 0.4 to as high as 1.6, with fully one-third of the quarters during the last three years having a book-to-bill of less than 1. New orders reflect our success in penetrating an increasingly broad customer base with multiple products. We have listed the most significant new orders in today's press release. Of particular significance going forward is the increasing opportunity funnel of greater than $700 million in Iraq, with both the Ministry of Defense as well as the Ministry of the Interior as they prepare to shoulder increasing amounts of their own defense and security operations. Strong worldwide demand for Harris tactical radio systems continues to be driven by multiple factors; modernization programs, force restructuring, force expansion, increasing interoperability requirements and requirements for our more versatile and adaptable multiband radios. Our JTRS approved Falcon III radios continue to gain momentum and acceptance in the US as preferred alternatives to the programs of record. The Harris Falcon III Model 152 multiband handheld was launched in 2006, and has now recorded over 50,000 units shipped. The JTRS programs of record are not scheduled to reach full production until 2012. So we have a significant lead in the marketplace. The recent launch of our Falcon III Model 117G multiband manpack radio generated new orders in the quarter and from a number of new and repeat customers, including the US Special Operations Command, US Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. Customers are applying the 117G on a very broad range of ground, airborne and SATCOM applications, including such things as surveillance sensor reception, air defense and communications with UAVs and other light reconnaissance aircraft. For example, the radio's Wideband Networking capabilities enable it to receive direct video feeds from UAVs, send task orders to a fleet of UAVs or transmit and receive navigation and targeting information. We believe the new Falcon III-117G is ready right now to lead the DoD transition to a network battlefield communications environment. The radio is designed specifically to support a wide variety of data intensive applications, such as streaming video, reconnaissance information, and biometrics, including high-resolution facial recognition of enemy combatants in urban environments. These applications link soldiers in multiple forward combat positions directly with their command headquarters in real-time, allowing commanders to have a much better view of the battlefield situation. Feedback from customers at the recent annual meeting of the Association of the US Army, confirmed that we're on the right track. Our networking demonstrations using a Four-Channel, Harris JTRS radio system, along with the DoD SRW soldier radio waveform, clearly illustrated the power of Wideband communications. We posted a video on our website that will give you a real sense of how advanced communications have become critical to mission success.  Our customers are also realizing this is not just a new radio, it enables new mission capabilities. The 117G combines Wideband Networking with secure, reliable voice and data communications. And all of this in a package that is light, rugged and easy to use. The 117G is half the weight of the legacy radios currently fielded and weight is a big deal if you march for a living. We believe customers will continue to find new applications for the 117G that don't currently exist. As noted in our press releases, the Falcon III manpack continues to receive additional technical certifications. Coupled with our superior performance in the field, our positive momentum continues to tip the scales, we believe, towards one conclusion, that the Harris Falcon III radios are viable, commercial alternatives to the JTRS programs of record and they're available now. In another new product launch, Harris introduced the RF 7800B Broadband Global Area Network terminal. The 7800B provides high performance satellite connectivity for beyond line of sight and SATCOM on the move applications. These ruggedized SATCOM terminals are designed to military standards for operation in harsh environments. And when used with our 117G, the system provides long-range tactical networking with SATCOM reach back capability. Also, significant following the end of the quarter, we were just notified by the Australian Ministry of Defense that Harris has been down-selected to supply our Falcon III hand-held and vehicular radios as part of a major modernization program for their tactical communications systems. Our Government Communications Systems segment, which includes defense programs, national intelligence programs, civil programs and our IT services businesses, reported first quarter revenue of $609 million, up slightly compared to last year. The prior year quarter did benefit from $22 million of nonrecurring products and services revenue under our Patriot IT services program for the National Reconnaissance Office. Income in the quarter was $66 million compared to $64 million in the prior year. Operating margins were a very strong 11% in the quarter. As most of you know, this segment serves a broad and diverse program and customer base. We have close to 300 individual contracts, classified national intelligence programs, complex multiyear systems integration programs for civil agencies like the FAA and the Census Bureau. SATCOM systems, data links and avionics for our defense customers and IT services programs that support civil, defense, national intelligence and commercial customers alike. We believe the diversity of our programs in this segment is a real strength. We also believe that we are well-positioned in areas that will continue to receive priority funding. Such as intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance systems that collect, analyze and disseminate critical intelligence data. Our secure global enterprise networks that support mission critical applications, and our IT services and support activities that help government departments to operate effectively, while also reducing their operating costs. In the first quarter, programs that contributed to higher revenue included the field data collection automation program for the Census Bureau, a number of classified programs, the Global Geospatial Intelligence program, for the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, increased avionics requirements for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program, and the net sense program for the U.S. Air Force. Revenue increases were partially offset by the previously-mentioned nonrecurring products and services under the Patriot IT services program, as well as our successful completion of the refurbishment phase of the FAA Voice Switching and Control System Program and the conclusion of the MAF/TIGER program at the Census Bureau. We made good progress in the quarter on our commercial satellite reflector programs, successfully achieving several important manufacturing milestones. Seven of the eight radio rib design reflectors are expected to have final delivery to customers by the end of fiscal year 2009. The two hoop design reflectors are scheduled for fiscal 2010. During the quarter, we added $6 million to our reserves against potential future costs on these programs. During the quarter, Harris was awarded a number of new important contracts. These included National Intelligence Programs with a combined value of more than $110 million, a $53 million contract from the Navy to produce the Ku-band CDL Hawklink system FOR the MH-60R helicopters, a $21 million contract as part of the Networks Telecommunications Program to refresh the radio infrastructure for the FBI in the Western half of the US. Our Civil Programs business will execute this contract, but they'll be deploying a lot of networking equipment from our Broadcast business. Following the close of the quarter, Harris was also awarded a $150 million order under a new multi-vendor five-year IDIQ contract to provide systems integration and IT services to the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. We'll provide a broad range of engineering support, immigration services and related materials needed to accelerate access to NGA's Geospatial-Intelligence data and services. Also after the quarter close, our National Intelligence Programs business was awarded more than $180 million in contracts to provide ground processing and communications systems for classified programs. And Harris was also awarded a potential $37 million contract by the US Navy space and Naval Warfare Systems Command to supply Multiband Shipboard SATCOM Terminals for the Arleigh Burke class of guided missile destroyers. In an important first deployment of a breakthrough Harris technology, our new Highband Networking Radio is being sent to Iraq. Harris was awarded a contract to provide the HNR Radio System to the Army 101st airborne in Baghdad. This new radio system provides high bandwidth, on the move communications connectivity among battalion and brigade command post, company outpost and joint security stations. It's a powerful new communications capability receiving a lot of attention from military commanders. Finally and one of our important growth initiatives, Harris was awarded a one year $14 million contract with four one-year options to develop and implement the Department of Defense, Healthcare Artifact and Image Management Solutions. Harris will develop a military healthcare system network, using image sharing capabilities developed by our National Intelligence customers. Medical images will be available across more than 65 hospitals and medical clinics worldwide, including directly from the theatre of combat. Moving to the Broadcast Communications segment, first quarter revenue increased 8% over last year to $158 million. Revenue increases came from higher shipments of digital television transmission systems, video processing and distribution products, networking equipment and video servers. Revenue declined in radio transmission systems, automation systems and software. GAAP operating income in the first quarter was $5 million, and included a $4 million charge in the first quarter for our previously discussed cost reduction actions. Cost actions included additional headcount reductions and facility consolidation, as well as activities focused on operations and supply chain improvements expected to positively impact our gross margins in the second half of fiscal 2009. Operating expenses declined sequentially and further declines are planned. New orders were relatively flat with the prior year in the quarter. We expect orders to be somewhat higher in the back half of the year, as a result of several major international projects in Asia Pacific. International demand continues to be a bright spot at Broadcast in Latin America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East. Our Harris ONE solution provides end-to-end interoperable hardware and software workflows, allowing us to attract new broadcasts and media customers and increase our market share. We've listed a number of these new program wins in today's press release. Customers trust Harris to help them navigate their way through the implementation of new digital and high-definition technologies. We're localizing more of our sales and marketing resources within international regions and have announced several new products that are optimized for international customers' applications. Digital signage, also becoming known as out-of-home advertising systems, represents continuing growth opportunity for us. In Las Vegas, Harris is going to provide our New InfoCaster digital signage solution to drive broadcast quality graphics and live video and audio content to more than 150 screens throughout the world market center venue. InfoCaster can drive content delivery on multiple screens, at multiple sites, including animated logos and message crawls, and can adapt to changing content. Our leading market position and strong financial foundation within the global broadcast and media industry is a real Harris strength. Harris is the only company capable of providing a broad base of solutions including hardware, software and network services across all of the broadcast modes, over the year, cable, satellite, telecoms, the Internet and digital signage. Harris Stratex Networks' revenue for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 was $196 million, an increase of 14% compared to the prior year quarter. Revenue increased 5% compared to the sequential fourth quarter revenue. Operating income in the quarter was $8 million, which included $3 million of restructuring charges. The company reported good year-over-year growth in North America and strong double-digit growth in international markets. Year-over-year and sequential revenue growth was achieved in Africa and in the Latin America and Asia-Pacific regions. Revenue improvement was driven in great part by the continuing success of the company's Eclipse IP product platform. Market demand for wireless transmission systems continues to be driven by the worldwide transition to secure IP networks, and also the evolution to 4G technologies and wireless network infrastructure expansion in emerging markets. Harris Stratex Networks will host a conference call to discuss their first quarter results in more detail today at 5:30. Now, I would like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. To begin with, I would like to say a few words about our liquidity. As of quarter end, we had $345 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand and $680 million available under our $750 million fully committed revolving credit facility, which does not come up for renewal until 2013. We have no long-term debt maturities coming due until 2016. Though cash flow from operations in the first quarter was weak due to invoicing delays at government systems, w continue to forecast cash flow from operations for the year to be between $650 and $700 million. In early October, we met both with S&P 500 and Moody's confirming that we were solid in our BBB plus, Baa1 credit ratings with significant capacity at the these ratings to raise additional debt. On a separate, but related note, all our domestic retirement plans are defined contribution plans. Worldwide, we have only one defined benefit plan with benefit obligations totaling $68 million, which is funded in accordance with UK law. Moving to the first quarter results, cash flow generated from operating activities was $38 million as compared to $67 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. As mentioned during late August, we upgraded our financial systems from PeopleSoft 7.5 to PeopleSoft 9.0 at Government Communications Systems. During the conversion, we incurred some unexpected challenges with the billing module resulting in nearly three weeks of invoicing delays that impacted first quarter cash flow by approximately $70 million. During September, the billing module was successfully converted with expectations that government systems will be fully back on track for operating cash flow by the end of the second quarter. As a reminder, Q1 is not indicative of future quarterly operating cash flows. Similar to past years, approximately $60 million of annual profit sharing and incentive planned payments relating to fiscal year 2008 were paid during the first quarter. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $43 million as compared to $42 million for the first quarter of 2008. Expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2009 continued to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million. Capital expenditures were $32 million as compared to $33 million in the first quarter of 2008. Current guidance for fiscal year 2009 for CapEx is $10 million lower and between $160 and $170 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $75 million of outstanding stock at an average price per share of $50.98. As of quarter end, we have $100 million remaining under our $600 million stock repurchase program. The effective tax rate in the quarter was 34%. Our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2009 remains at 33% noting, however, that the tax rate nor any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events. In summary, we continue to operate from a very solid financial foundation. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. I think the recap of our strong balance sheet position is very important right now, given the uncertainty in the financial markets and growing concerns about US and International economies. Harris is well-positioned, with a sizable cash balance, ready access to credit and the ability to generate additional cash from operations. We believe we're in an excellent position to weather the current financial situation and to continue to execute our tactical and strategic plans. In addition, our diversity of businesses, markets, geography and customers will continue to put us in a very competitive position. Let me close with a few comments regarding our financial outlook. Revenue for fiscal 2009 is still expected to increase by 8% to 10% above fiscal 2008, with revenue growth in every segment. In RF Communication, we now expect 13% to 15% growth over last year, a bit higher than previous guidance of 11% to 13%. In Government Communication Systems, we continue to expect 6% to 8% growth for the year, but we expect a substantially higher growth rate in the second quarter. This assumes $60 million to $70 million of computer and communications equipment will be delivered and invoiced under the FDCA contract for the Census Bureau in the second quarter. In Broadcast, we expect solid revenue growth as a result of strong international demand, but at the lower end of our previous guidance of 6% to 8% above last year. We're reconfirming our total year earnings guidance for fiscal 2009 in a range from $4.05 to $4.15 per diluted share, representing a year-over-year increase of 19% to 22%. With the impact of first quarter cost reductions and the write-down in our authentic stock now behind us, second quarter earnings should be significantly higher sequentially. Segment operating margins for fiscal 2009 are expected to be about 34% at RF Communications, at the upper end of the previous guidance range of 33% to 34%, 10.5% to 11.5% at Government Communications Systems, and 7% to 9% in Broadcast Communications. At this point, I'll ask the operator to open the line and we'll take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Jason Kupferberg from UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hello. Good afternoon.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Perhaps you can talk a little bit about balance sheet priorities; it will be certainly helpful to understand the liquidity position, where you stand with the rating agencies. So understanding on one hand that more conservatism might be needed in the current environment, but the stock price probably looks pretty attractive, and I think you only have about $100 million left on your current buyback authorization. Can you give us a sense of what management and the Board is thinking in terms of balance sheet deployment over the next couple of quarters here?
Howard Lance: Well, we have been repurchasing generally at a rate of about $50 million a quarter since we started this buyback program after we did the initial tranche of 200. We will be watching cash flow for this quarter, as well as other commitments that we have for capital spending and so on to make a decision as to how much, if any, we will buy back in this quarter. Clearly, as you say, we agree that the stock appears to be very cheap at this point. I will say the Board's discussion in our consistent communication has been that we will not go out and incur debt for the purpose of buying back stock. Short of that, we have excess cash available and we have continuing authorization for share buyback. We are going to try to balance that with other obligations, make sure we maintain plenty of liquidity so that we can focus the highest priority on the internal growth opportunities.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. On the cash flow point, appreciate all of the color around the system conversion. So should we assume that the billing issues have now been resolved? In other words, have the invoices actually that were delayed in Q1, have they actually gone out the door or the expectation is that will happen during the course of the second quarter? I am just trying to get a sense if cash flow will snap back in Q2 or is it going to be heavily weighted towards the second half based on the system conversion?
Gary McArthur: Jason, this is Gary. Yes, the invoices have been mailed out and our expectations are that cash flow will snap back in Q2.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay, great. If I can squeeze in one last one, the FDCA contract renegotiations, any update there?
Howard Lance: Nothing that I can say definitively, other than we are hoping to reach closure on that contract in our fiscal second quarter with the customer. Things are going well on the program. We continue to execute to their expectations. The next major activity going on is deployment of communications and IT equipment, and then in the spring, the address canvassing activity will be starting up. I am relatively confident at this point that when we do finalize things that its going to be at a total contract value above the approximate $600 million level that the initial contract was awarded at. Where it ends up in terms of the precise amount and the timing remains to be seen. We are very pleased with the cooperative effort that is been going on between Harris and our teammates and Census over the last six months and are very focused on working closely the 12 regional centers that have now been established, as well as an office in Puerto Rico, to get them up and operational and ready for the address canvassing phase.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Excellent. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we can take the next question, please.
Operator: Okay. No problem. We will take our next question from Chris Donaghey from SunTrust Robinson.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson: Hi, good evening, Howard.
Howard Lance: Hello, Chris.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson: I will focus a little bit on the RF business. Can you talk a little bit about what is going on with the GEMS program? Then on the international business, this past quarter, was it seasonably stronger than what you have experienced in the past, how should we think about the international mix going forward for the remainder of the year?
Howard Lance: I do not have any update on the GEMS contract other than it is still expected. I am not exactly sure whether we have seen an RFI on that. If we have, we have not certainly seen the RFP yet. We still expect it, but I am not sure whether the timing is this quarter or the next quarter. With regard to international, I feel relatively comfortable that this was not seasonal, and that we are going to see higher percentage from international revenue for the future quarters this year as well. Whether it will be 35%, 30%, 36%, 32%, I do not know what the precise number is, but it will be larger than last year's 27% for the year. I think is indicative of the good momentum that we see coming from international markets. So, we are very pleased not only with the orders we are receiving, but with the magnitude of the pipeline, as I talked about, now opportunities in this down-select in Australia. That is a very large multiyear program that we will be working towards getting our first orders on. Iraq, as US troops withdraw, things are turned over to the defense ministry, the interior, they are going to be significant investments in defense communications systems, border security systems. We are very well positioned to participate in a large majority of that business, so, I am feeling very positive. How we envision this thing moving forward which is becoming more and more Internationally focused and becoming less dependent on the US business, I think it is playing out pretty much as our team in RF had hoped. It is really due to their good execution and the performance of our products.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson: Okay, great. Just speaking of the domestic business here, there is been a lot of language moving through the defense budgets about, you have to compete the next SINCGARS contract before it gets awarded. Can you characterize domestic activity for us in light of some of the language that is going on in the budget documents? Also, if you have seen anything in terms of how the army is going to compete with Rifleman Radio?
Howard Lance: Chris, on both of those, both the Rifleman as well as SINCGARS, we have obviously continued to advocate for fair and open competition. I do not honestly know whether we will get fair and open competition. I think they will try and satisfy their obligation to Congress to have a competition, but whether the specs will be written so narrowly that it is really not open, I think remains to be seen. Certainly, we understand the customer's wish to continue to do what they have done, buy SINCGARS radios. It is a bit frustrating, because of the lack of future compatibility between those radios and JTRS and I think we are talking about $800 million of potential purchases. We would certainly like to see those go to radios that are compatible with JTRS going forward. I do not know whether that will happen. There will be a competition and time remains whether it would be one that we legitimately can compete in for either one of those programs.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask again if you could walk through the charges. I thought last quarter we talked about $5 million at broadcast and that was it. Was there an incremental six I heard on the reflector program, is that right?
Howard Lance: First of all, what we talked about last quarter was related to restructuring charges for severance, head count reduction, facilities and so on. We talked about $5 million at broadcast. We ended up doing $4 million. We did about $1.5 million at government systems and Harris Stratex, which had not provided any explicit guidance, they did indicate there would be restructuring. They did about $3, $3.5 million. That is what adds up to the $9 million that we included in our results that would be related specifically to restructuring and severance-related costs. We did not provide any specific guidance, of course, related to the impairment of the authentic stock in our balance sheet. We took that because the stock had dropped precipitously and had been at that level for extended period of time. We were able to absorb that in our results because we outperformed in some other areas. Finally, we were able to add about $6 million to the reflector program reserves. These are reserves that are in place, not for costs that have been incurred, but for the potential cost which could be incurred. So, that gives us a bit of a buffer as we move forward into the last stages of the commercial programs.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay. If you were to add that back to the government's segments margins, you would have been at close to 12% operating. Was there anything else unusual in the quarter that led to such high margins, act of the charge? I know you are guiding to 10.5 to 11.5.
Howard Lance: Yes. We had about $4 million year-over-year improvement that we can tie specifically to the FTI program and our improved profitability in that. So, the way I look at it is round numbers we reported about $66 million in income. If you add it back, the $6 million for the reflectors, took away $4 million for the FTI, you are at about $68 million. That is about 11.2%. Our goal in this business is to try to get up closer to 11.5%, the high end of this range overtime. As we put to bed programs that have required reserves or extra costs, I think over the next year or so we have a good chance of getting up to that a run rate, which we feel is the upper echelon of companies that have the mix of programs that we do in terms of systems and IT services.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: I thought you mentioned the Census contract, was that in the second half or in the second quarter that you are going to get a bit of a…
Howard Lance: We are expecting to deliver $60 million to $70 million of equipment in the second quarter. So the guidance for the year for revenue growth of 6% to 8%, but we were below that number in the first quarter because of some first quarter last year nonrecurring things. Second quarter, we expect to be above that a year-over-year number because of the FDCA equipment deliveries.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: May I ask if the margins on that are higher than the quarterly segment average, what the rate was on FDCA in Q1?
Howard Lance: It is a little below the bottom end of the range of the GCSD guidance.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay. What was Q1 FDCA sales, roughly? Was it like 20?
Howard Lance: No. It was much, much larger than that. I do not remember the specific number. If you were to look at 6% to 7% year-over-year in Q2 and add $60 million, that is directionally where we are suggesting GCSD will probably be in the second quarter.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Okay. Could you also give us the ending share count of the quarter, not the diluted share count, not the average, but ending?
Howard Lance: I show $134.4 million approximately.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue.
Howard Lance: That is the diluted share count for calculating EPS.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company: Right. I am wondering post all the repurchases what the actual share count is, if you have it?
Pamela Padgett: Gautam, I will give you the share count and give you a ring.
Howard Lance: Thank you. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rich Valera -Needham and Company.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Thanks, Howard. Just wanted to follow-up on the international opportunities in RF comm. Is there any more color you could give on the potential timing of actual awards on the Australian opportunity as well as any rough ballpark of how big of an opportunity that might be?
Howard Lance: In terms of the ballpark, I have heard of a total program opportunity of potentially $200 million. In terms of the timing, this down select basically says that subject to our now going and doing some field tests and proving that our proposal is accurate in terms of what our radios will do, that we will be the winner. So over the next few quarters, we will be working on doing the field tests with our Falcon III radios. In terms of orders, this is probably a late fiscal '09 or early fiscal '10 timeline for getting orders under that program. I do not know the duration of the program, Rich.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great.
Howard Lance: It is indicative, I think, of what we are continuing to see which is larger international modernization programs following on behind some of what is been done in the US.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. On the Broadcast business, you mentioned you were looking for the lower end of the prior range, the 6% to 8% revenue growth range.
Howard Lance: Yes.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: You did not really say why. Is that just a macro-driven issue with advertising dollars, et cetera, giving broadcasters a tougher time or is there any other specifics that drive that?
Howard Lance: It is based on our views over the last three to four months, and we have seen this now for several quarters, a slowing in the US business. So we are expecting to be pretty flattish in the US and to have the international drive the growth. So we have taken down our expectations a percent or so in total as a result. It is a fluid situation. We are going to continue to watch very closely as the financial situation evolves and the impact on the world economies, what impact it ultimately has on our customers in CapEx. we have seen a gradual slowing in the US. We have been talking about for a few quarters. So, we, since the last quarter, took down our expectation by about a percent or so. That would be $6 million, $7 million, $8 million for the year in revenue.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. If you would clarify, I missed what was the margin expectation in that segment now?
Howard Lance: It is 7% to 9%.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. I like the revenue profile; you would expect pretty meaningful improvement in the back half to hit the midpoint of that range, is that fair?
Howard Lance: Yes, absolutely. So we have taken down the revenue a bit. We have not changed the return on sales expectations versus our fourth quarter guidance. What we are looking to happen in the second half of the year is we will have our normal seasonal pickup in revenue. We do more revenue typically in second half than first half, but the important change is the change in gross margins. As these cost reductions from a variety of sources, head counts, efficiency, and supply chain and outsourcing, and as we get our operations running more efficiently, we expect to run with the improved gross margins in the second half of the year in broadcast as opposed to the first half. So, that is part of it. If you do not repeat the restructuring costs, were at around $9 million or so in the first quarter. That is a pretty decent run rate. I think we will increase that hopefully up into double-digits in the second half. That is all assuming that our outlook right now for the year in revenue holds as it stands.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. That is helpful. Thank you.
Howard Lance: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Myles Walton from Oppenheimer.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hi, Myles.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: A question for you, Howard maybe on RF. In August, in one of your press release, it said about 40,000 152s had been delivered. I think this morning you put out press release saying 50,000 had been delivered, pretty substantial over the last quarter. Just doing some rough math, it looks like maybe you did 75% of your US sales in Falcon III. Is that a shift that is taken place and is that math really working out correctly?
Howard Lance: No, I think it probably relates more to when we actually achieved the 40 and when we actually achieved the 50. I just think we were not being all that precise. It was over 40,000 on our last call. I do not think we were very precise. We hit this 50,000 number and used that as a milestone to have a celebration with our team, with the community and with some of our supporters in Congress. So, you should not draw the conclusion that we are adopted, that Falcon III is adopted at the level that you are talking about. Falcon III is really still just getting started and has an awful lot of runway going forward to drive growth with US customers. So, I do not think we are indicating what the specific percentage of Falcon III is, but it is still a relatively small number when considering total US revenue.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Okay. That is helpful. Thanks for the feedback. Then I have a question for you on moves that are ongoing in the 2010 budgeting process. It sounds like the DoD would like to move some of the supplemental money that is been existing in the supplemental back into the baseline budget. I am just curious if you have been privy to, or aware, or have thoughts on any of your business, which you might be benefiting right now from the supplemental, if any of that is being thought of, has moved back into the baseline budget.
Howard Lance: The answer is yes. There is a significant amount in fiscal '09 budget that is going to come out of that core palm. Certainly as they are now working on the fiscal '10 budget, which will be delivered shortly to the new administration, we expect much more of the funding to come out of the core. As we have been saying, supplemental budgets have been a very convenient place to put funding for urgent needs, but that as supplementals become less and more of it folds into the core, you are going to see multiple places in that core budget where tactical radio funding is going to come from. I know it is a source of continuing challenge because for some of the large, defense programs, you can find a line and follow exactly what is budgeting for us. You got to add up a lot of lines and then there is a lot of it that is coming from various places that are not going to be specific. We recently shipped some tactical radios under the Net Sense contract for the Air Force for example,. So there are a lots of contract vehicles out there now, you have got the various IDIQ government-wide contracts. So, bottom line though is demand remains very strong. I had a very detailed half day briefing from our team at the AUSA Meeting in D.C. and I was very pleased at the long list of programs where we are talking with our US customers about. I was also pleased with the significant moves that we have made in deploying not only more customer facing people to our US customers, virtually all of them by the way with significant military experience in communications, so they have got a lot of credibility. We are deploying them increasingly close to the customer. So, they are now out, at the various bases, installations around the continental US. So I was very pleased with the momentum that we have going there and demand is very strong and none of us can predict exactly what budgets are going to be.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim McIlree from Collins.
Jim McIlree - Collins: Thanks. Good evening.
Howard Lance: Hi, Jim.
Jim McIlree - Collins: What is next for the Falcon III product introduction front? What is on the agenda next?
Howard Lance: Well, in terms of products or customer milestones?
Jim McIlree - Collins: Products that I am more interested in right now?
Howard Lance: Well, I think it is enhancements to the current platforms that we have introduced. As we have discussed, we have started with this platform which is JTRS compliant, JTRS approved, but there is opportunities for lots of additional waveforms and certifications. You saw some of those in the quarter. The DAMA certification was an important step that we made. We demoed at AUSA a two-channel configuration, a four-channel configuration. So, we are very much in discussion with customers about what their demands are going to be. We continue to work on integrating new waveforms such as SRW, the DoDs standard soldier radio waveform. We demonstrated that at AUSA and so we will be moving to that. At some point, there will be availability on the Wideband waveform and we will integrate that in. I think you are going to see continued focus on enhancements and different variability adaptations of the radio. One of the things we also showed customers at AUSA was the benefit of the small form factor that we have on the manpack. With this manpack, you can take two of the Falcon III manpacks and fit it in the same vehicular configuration as either the SINCGARS or the Falcon II radio, such that you get the benefit of a two channel capability if that is something you want without having to devote anymore space. So, I think they will be in those kinds of enhancements.
Jim McIlree - Collins: Okay. Great. Secondly, the authentic write-down is your cost now booked at zero? Does that mean that the other income line for the rest of the year is also expected to be close to zero?
Howard Lance: The answer to your second question is yes. We are expecting non-operating income going forward to be relatively around zero each quarter. Gary, what is the current balance?
Gary McArthur: It shows up on the balance sheet, I think its $3.8 million. Marketable security line is the balance left.
Howard Lance: So, it is not zero, but it is very close to it. Obviously, in our initial guidance for the year, we had expected to have a positive non-operating income contribution as we monetized those shares to the tune of about $8 million. We are now looking at about $8 million negative on that line. So the fact that we have been able to shoulder that and maintain our guidance, I think again speaks to the strength of the rest of the business in aggregate.
Jim McIlree - Collins: I very much agree. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we will take one more question. We do not want to run in the Harris Stratex call.
Operator: Our next question will come from Larry Harris from C.L. King.
Larry Harris - C.L. King: Yes, thank you. I noticed you won several contracts in the government communications systems area, and I was just wondering if you would speak in general terms about the ISR market. Are you seeing that expanding? Is there increased interest in that area? What is happening?
Howard Lance: I think in general, ISR is an area of focus, both from the intelligence community, as well as in defense intelligence areas. So, we bring a wide variety of different kinds of solutions to that market. So the national business has been gradually over the last several quarters, rebounding and we are fairly optimistic about the future. There is a lot of work being done in the imagery area with the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, NGA for short. We talked about a couple of our current contracts and new contracts with them. Also, a lot of activity around that that our IT services business is supporting both in their core contract with the NRO as well as new things that they are bidding and winning.
Larry Harris - C.L. King: All right. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, Larry. Thank you, everyone for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP of IR and Corporate Communications Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer Gary L. McArthur - VP and CFO
Analysts: Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co. Jason Kupferberg - UBS Mark Jordan - Noble Financials Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Chris Quilty - Raymond James
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Harris Corporation Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead ma'am.
Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Harris Corporation's fourth quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. I'm Pamela Padgett, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications and on the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; and Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and discussions on such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris to the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in table through our press release on the Investor Relations section of the website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that Howard I'll turn call over to you.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Thank you, Pam and welcome to all of you joining us today for our fourth quarter fiscal 2008 earnings call. I am pleased to report that Harris had another quarter of very good financial results. Revenue in our fiscal fourth quarter was $1.4 billion 19% above last year. Organic revenue growth was a strong 12% in the quarter. Revenue increased in all four business segments. Orders in the fourth quarter were significantly higher than revenue, providing strong momentum as we enter fiscal year 2009. Earnings were also strong even with absorbing the unexpected cost reported last week, by Harris Stratex Networks. Non-GAAP net income was a $128 million, $0.95 per diluted share, a 34% increase compared to the prior year. Our full year results also reflected strong financial performance. Revenue was $5.3 billion, a 25% increase over fiscal 2007 and non-GAAP net income for the year increased 18% to $462 million, $3.39 per diluted share. Let's move on to the segment results. The Defense Communications Electronics segment which includes RF Communications and Defense Programs reported another excellent quarter. Revenue increased 22% to $567 million, operating income increased 29% and operating margin was 30% of revenue. RF Communications revenue was very strong in the quarter at $441 million, a 36% increase compared to the prior year quarter and a sequential increase of about 13% compared to the third quarter. Our success continued across both U.S. and international markets. Operating margins at RF Communications continued strong in the quarter at 33.8% of revenue. We believe that operating margins in fiscal year '09 will be sustained in 33% to 34% range. RF orders for fiscal year 2008 totaled $1.7 billion and significantly exceeded revenue. Backlog at year-end was about $1 billion significantly, higher than at the end of fiscal year 2007. This should clear up any misconceptions that the RF backlog has been declining, during the past several quarters. During the fourth quarter we had a number of important orders. We received a $118 million order from U.S. Marine Corps for Falcon II multiband manpack radios, part of a $350 million IDIQ contracts. The Marine Corps strategic radio plan provides for a transition from legacy single-band radios to multiband, multimission software defined radios. Harris is playing the central role in this transition plan, delivering Falcon II multiband and HF manpack radios as well as Falcon III multiband handheld radios. Harris also received a $42 million order from the Army in the quarter, to enable installation of our Falcon II manpack radios in their Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles. We've been reporting to you that the number and strength size of our international market opportunities has been steadily increasing over the last two years. These opportunities resulted in accelerating international revenue growth in the second half of fiscal 2008. During the fourth quarter, Harris received a $43 million follow on order from a major customer in Latin America for Falcon II HF radios. We also received an $18 million order for the Falcon II HF from the Iraq Ministry of Defense. A $16 million follow on order for Bowman HF radios from the United Kingdom and a $15 million order from the Ministry of National Defense in Poland for Falcon II manpack radios. And during the quarter we received our first order from South Africa. Demand for Harris tactical radios continues to be driven by multiple factors both at home and abroad. Communications monetization programs, force expansion, force restructuring, interoperability requirements, and requirements for a increased network centric communications. We recently reached another very important milestone in the development of our Falcon III JTRS radio product line. In July, the Falcon III AN/PRC-117G multiband, manpack became the first wideband networking radio to be certified by the JTRS Joint Program Executive Office. The Harris 117G significantly improves situational awareness like creating a wideband communications environment that supports network data intensive application such as real time video transmission. The 117G had previously received Type-1 encryption certification from the National Security Agency. This latest certification completely validates the design of the Harris Falcon III manpack, ensuring customers that the 117G is both interoperable with legacy radios and able to accommodate new JTRS platforms as there are created. With the latest certification of 117G manpack and the certification last year of the 152 handheld Harris is the only company that have two certified JTRS radios in production now. At least two years in advance of the JTRS programs of record for scheduled low rate initial production. Last quarter, we reported that we were showcasing the capabilities of the new Falcon III manpack with over 100 demonstrations scheduled at U.S. military installations. At this point, we are about half way through the demos. They have been met with widespread excitement from our customer base. The 117G is being used by a number of customers in current field exercises. We have already received 117G orders from a number of DoD and other U.S. government customers and it is being operationally deployed around the world. We also recently announced another important new product from the RF Division. The Unity XG-100 land mobile radio, the XG-100 is the first products in a new family of mutiband software to find radios directed at the growing federal public safety and home land security markets. These radios provide direct interoperability between federal agency officials and state and local first responders, using a single radio operating across multiple frequencies. The radios also provide interoperability with National Guard users who are already equipped with the Harris Falcon III mutiband radio. The XG-100 extends the covered frequency range to include the 700 MHz bands and 800 MHz bands. It will begin field trials later this calendar year with product shipments beginning in early 2009. Moving on, revenue in defense programs declined 7% in the quarter compared to the prior year, in large part due to lower levels of production on the F/A-18 and F22A aircraft programs. Revenue was also impacted by the JDAM weapon program nearing its completion. Revenue increased in the quarter on several ongoing programs, including the Lightweight Multiband Satellite Terminal program for the U.S.Marine Corps, the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program and the next-generation U.S. Air Force Global Positioning System Program. We achieved two significant new wins during the quarter for multiband SATCOM terminals with a combined potential value of $162 million over five years. These new terminals will augment the navy's existing military and commercial satellite communications capabilities, as well as provide high speed Internet access. Moving on to Government Communications Systems, revenue in the Government Communications System segment, and again that's comprised of Civil Programs, National Intelligence Programs, and IT Services increased by 24% to $512 million in the quarter. Organic revenue growth was about 6% in the quarter. Operating income increased 57% to $52 million and operating margin was 10.2% of revenue. The strong rebound in operating performance in the quarter resulted primarily from progress made on the 10 commercial satellite reflectors that are in various stages of assembly, test and delivery. In April we reached a significant milestone, when the first reflector successfully deployed in space on board the ICO G1 global communication satellite. We have since shipped three more reflectors to customers for spacecraft integration. A fifth reflector was nearing completion when it sustained accidental damage in our factory. Harris and its prime contractor have agreed to a revised shipping date that meets the customers launch with no parameters. Harris maintains property insurance policies, covering accidental damage and related costs. So we do not expect any material financial impact as a result of this accident. Now withstanding the accident a good progress was made in the quarter on all of the radial rip styled reflectors that we have in production, retiring much of our financial risk. The remaining four reflectors to this type are expected to ship by the end of our fiscal third quarter. That leaves the two hoop styled reflectors which are still in the very early stages of manufacturing. As we previously indicated, the hoop design is more complex and carries our remaining risk in a commercial reflector enterprise. Programs with higher revenue in the quarter included that field data collection automation program for the U.S. Census Bureau, the Global Geospace Intelligence program for the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency. The U.S. Air Force net sense IT integration and services program, the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet Program and the network space operations and maintenance program for the U.S. Air Force 50th, space wing. Continued government outsourcing of IT and communications operations and port requirements is providing excellent growth opportunities for Harris. With our IT services workforce distributed at over 300 locations across the U.S., Harris delivers an unmatched level of service commitment and responsiveness to our military, government and commercial customers. Important new wins, during the quarter included several new classified programs with a combined value of $113 million. Also during the quarter, Harris was awarded a potential seven year $58 million dollar communications contract for the next generation space suite supporting NASA's Constellation program, which will establish an outpost in the moon and lay a foundation to explore Mars and beyond in the first half of the next century. We were also awarded a new three year $20 million IT services contract for tactical video capture systems to support pre-deployment training at Marine Corps basis across the U.S. and abroad. The system combines real time audio and video fleets from multiple cameras across multiple training events to create an integrated view of the exercise including the light movement of personnel. And during the quarter, Harris won its second contract in the healthcare IT market. This one is a $12 million contract for the U.S. Army Dental Command Information Management and Technology Division. Harris will provide operations and support for the Army Dental Command headquartered at Ft. Sam Houston, Texas and at other army clinics and locations around the world. Turning to the broadcast business, fourth quarter revenue and broadcast communications was $174 million, an increase set of 5% compared to the prior year quarter. Higher revenue in video infrastructure and transmission systems was partially offset by lower revenue from our legacy software products, new orders were higher than revenue in the quarter. Non-GAAP income in the fourth quarter was $8 million, slightly higher sequentially than the third quarter but below the prior year quarter. Operating expenses increased compared, to the prior year as a result of investments in R&D, incremental investments in international sales and marketing and new IT systems. In July, we announced a workforce reduction of about 140 personnel at the broadcast division, primarily in North America aimed at improving our profitability in this business going forward. We expect to incur severance and vacant facility costs of about $5 million in our first quarter of fiscal '09, as a result of these actions. We expect to generate annual savings of about $14 million. So it nets up to about a $9 million expected fiscal '09 improvement in income on a GAAP basis as a result of these actions. Highlighting some of our significant achievements during the quarter, was the continued traction at the Harris ONE solution is gaining in both domestic and international broadcast markets. Harris is in a unique position in the markets provide a full range of work flow solutions across the entire broadcast delivery chain. This has been especially important to many customers as they transition to digital high definition broadcasting operations. During the quarter the Harris ONE solution resulted in an equipment and services contract from a new customer called Seznec [ph], a widely publicized new entertainment services company combining traditional T.V. content, video-on-demand movies and Internet video into a single easy use consumer service. We're providing Seznec [ph] with traffic and scheduling software systems, videos servers and a full line of video infrastructure equipment. Harris will also distribute content for Seznec [ph] and will provide network and IT managed services, provide network operation center located in Melbourne. On the international broadcast front our ONE solution led to several new orders during the quarter including Australia's SBS Network where we will provide end-to-end systems to rebuild their play up facility located in Sydney. Other important international orders in the quarter included Show Time, Arabia, Advanced Broadcast Corporation in Thailand and India's Kalaignar T.V. Broadcast Communications is continuing to build an impressive list, customers and contracts. We're very pleased with our competitive position and the opportunities we see in the global markets. Continuing attention towards improving gross margins and reducing operating costs should result in improved operating performance in fiscal 2009. I'll keep my comments on Harris Stratex Networks brief today since the company just held the conference call last week to provide comments on their preliminary expected fourth quarter results. As you know they ended the year with strong revenue growth. And orders that were significantly higher than revenue. Fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $187 million, an increase of 7% compared to the prior year and sequentially up 5% in the third quarter. Record orders for the quarter resulted in 1.6 book-to-build ratio. This excellent revenue and orders performance highlights the progress that has been made over the last year in reorganizing and integrating the sales and marketing organizations and setting them on the right course for success. It also highlights that our product strategy is working. And customers have seen the value of the Harris Stratex partnership. Global wireless transmission markets continue to be quite robust. The transition to IP based networks, the evolution to 4G technologies and bandwidth expansion in emerging regions continue to drive solid market growth. The challenge in hand for the management team is to focus on further integration of the two businesses, to expand gross margins and reduce costs. New CEO, Harold Brown [ph] and his team are working through detailed action plans to improve profitability for fiscal '09. And he will be sharing these plans during their fourth quarter earnings call. With that I'd now like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Howard, good evening. Fiscal year 2008 was another very solid balance sheet year for Harris. We ended the year with $373 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the year we repurchased $225 million of our outstanding stock, paid off or converted $275 million of debt and received a ratings upgrade at Moody's bringing our current debt ratings to BBB plus BAA 1. Return on invested capital as of the end of the year was 16.1%, nearly twice our weighted average cost of capital. Further we are entering fiscal year 2009 with nearly $1 billion of borrowing capacity and excess cash available for acquisitions, further share repurchases or higher dividends. As to the forward quarter, cash flow generated from operating activities was $197 million as compared to $150 million, $15 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. All four operating segments generated higher operating cash flow during the quarter as compared to the same quarter a year ago. Operating cash flow for full year fiscal 2008 was $550 million as compared to $439 million in the prior year. Depreciation and amortization was $46 million for the fourth quarter of the current as well as the prior year. Depreciation and amortization for total fiscal year 2008 was $172 million. Capital expenditures were $37 million for the fourth quarter as compared to $30 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. Our cap expense for the full year was $146 million. During the quarter we repurchased an additional approximately 438,000 shares of common stock bringing the total number of shares repurchased during fiscal 2008 to 3.95 million. As of year-end we have $175 million of remaining availability under our $600 million share repurchase program. All of which is expected to be used to repurchase shares during fiscal 2009. Our full year tax rate for fiscal 2008 was 32% with an outlook for fiscal year 2009 of 33%, noting however that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down. Other areas of guidance for fiscal 2009 are depreciation and amortization of $170 million to $180 million capital expenditures including capitalized software are also $170 million to $180 million. And operating cash flow of $650 million to $700 million. This is $25 million lower on both ends of the range than provided during our third quarter earnings call. In summary, fiscal 2008 was another very strong year for Harris with expectations for continued improvement in fiscal 2009. Back to you Howard.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Thanks, Gary. Let, me wrap up by summarizing our outlook for fiscal year 2009. And, then discuss some recently announced organizational changes with you. Revenue in fiscal 2009 is expected to increase by 8% to 10% compared to fiscal year 2008 with revenue growth expected in every segment. We're expecting 9% to 11% growth for Defense Communications, including within that 11% to 13%.growth at RF Communications. We are expecting 6% to 8% growth in Government Communication Systems and 6% to 8% growth in Broadcast Communications. Earnings in the fiscal 2009 are expected in a range from $4.05 to $4.15 per diluted share representing a year-over-year increase of 19% to 22% above 2008. We expect the second half fiscal year earnings to be stronger than the first half because that's where we will see the benefit of the first half cost reductions we are taking in Broadcast, Harris Stratex and Government Systems. Segment operating margins in fiscal 2009 are expected to be as follows; about 29% in Defense Communications including within that margins of 33% to 34% at RF Communications. We are expecting margins at Government Communication Systems in a range of 10.5%to 11.5% and we're expecting 7% to 9% operating margins in Broadcast Communications. On the organization front Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Harris has announced his plans to retire following the end of fiscal year 2009. I have asked Bob to spent most of his time during this next year in Washington DC, where he will serve as a mentor to our many business teams located there; as well as he will provide executive leadership on the important feed cut program for the Census Bureau. He'll continue to oversee some of our corporate functions which include information systems, supply chain management and operations and security. Dan Peterson has been named Group President for the Government Communication Systems Division and he'll report directly to me. Dan is a 31 year Harris veteran and most recently was Group President for Defence Communications and Electronics segment. As part of this change with Dan we've moved the Defense Programs business back together with national programs, civil programs and IT services businesses. So, beginning with first quarter fiscal 2009, we'll report our two government segments going forward exactly as we did prior to fiscal year 2008. That is, we'll report Government Communication systems and [indiscernible] Communications as our two separate segments. So the Defense Communications and Electronics segment now reduced in fiscal 2008 will no longer exist. Of course, Dan may not continue as President of the RF Communications Division but he'll now report directly to me. Jeremy Wensinger, who was previously Group President for Government Communication Systems will be leaving the company later this month to pursue outside opportunities. I want to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge Jeremy's many contributions to Harris during his 20 year career. Following the filing of our 10-K, we'll file an 8-K that will provide you with both the Government Communications Systems and RF Communications quarterly financial segment results for our fiscal year 2008 for comparability purposes going forward. With that I'd like to ask the operator to open the line and we'll take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. The question-and-answer session will begin conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Myles Walton, of Oppenheimer and Company.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. Good Afternoon,
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Hi, Myles.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: You had mentioned that you had received some initial orders on the Falcon III thus far and but some of that is in backlog, you haven't seen actually any press release on them, I'm just curious is this a customer request that you're not disclosing new orders yet, or they just not get the material size giving you only have way through the demonstrations at this point?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Some of each.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay and when would you expect to complete the demos and actually make kind of make those more visible to the outside community as to the market reception of the manpack?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I think they are scheduled through the remainder of this calendar year. So through the next five months or so we will get through those 100 hopefully, we'll I am sure we'll continue to have some going forward, but with the certification now behind us that's a major milestone and has... I think encouraged customers to use these currently on field trials. So we are very optimistic about what this significant market lead with the GTO as certified manpack lightband networking radio is going to do for us.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay and Howard you talked about the re-acceleration of international growth within the RF segment in the second half, can you quantify that in anyway whether that's a percentage growth or percent sales of our RF in general?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well we just saw Myles, significantly higher growth in revenue in the second half than the first half and we're just trying to remind everyone that international growth is going forward is going to be a significant driver for RF revenue individually to our continued success with U.S. customers.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: And as far as the percentage of your sales I think it was $1.5 billion for RF this year, what was international's component of that you could split.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: That I don't have that spilt at my figure tips but our year-over-year increase was greater in international than it was in the U.S. So U.S. grew but the higher percentage growth internationally and we had record international orders in the year. So again I think we're set up pretty nicely as we start fiscal year '09 and the pipeline of opportunities is very robust. I've been spending a fair amount of my time with RF team internationally and whether it's in emerging markets with strong U.S. allies that are receiving funding from the U.S. government or whether it's in strong allies who have lots of petrol dollars, the opportunity pipeline remains very strong.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: All right, that's really good color and then last thing on the other way. Relative to the reflector business, you talked about the hoop design being in the earlier stages of the development process or design process, can you map out over the next couple of quarters, and how that risk will be retired. And we will all be in a similar position and as to where we are with the radio design?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well I think we'll know a lot in two quarters certainly all the risk should be essentially retired by the end of fiscal year '09 what we were not suggesting we are going to have any more issues but we do also want to just reiterate that we are now pretty much through I believe the risk related to the radio rip [ph] but we still have the hoop design the first one is coming along nicely. I was out in our reflector factory and we've made a lot of progress but we do still have some of that reserve remaining that we attached to the hoop design, we have two of those that are just into be produced.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay thanks
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question Jason Kupferberg from UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Thanks, good afternoon guys.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Hello, Jason, good afternoon.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Good afternoon. So nice to see the increase in the revenue growth outlook for fiscal '09 for RF can you give us an idea how we should think about the backlog figures here, obviously you're kind of flattish versus the last time we heard the number in September but you are up 23% on a year-over-year basis at June I believe that pretty significant acceleration versus the growth that you would seen in the prior on a year-over-year basis. So how should we think about the potential correlation of the backlog growth versus revenue growth not just in fiscal '09 but beyond?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well we're certainly very pleased with how we ended up the year in terms of total orders and backlog at around $1 billion that suggests that we have continued very good momentum. What we continue though to encourage when I get a report orders every quarter because they do bounce around and we think it's much more instructive to look at the trends. And so certainly at least one time a year, we'll be talking about where we stand but don't expect necessarily that'll happen every single quarter because it might give a signal that's really not accurate, but at $1 billion we are heading into this year with significantly more backlogs than last year, to make our expectations obviously we still need to get new orders and we want to make sure that, that book-to-build ratio for FY09, stays above one. That's our goal, so that we are continuing to grow backlog, going forward. That will come Jason, as a result of our continued success with U.S. government programs primarily, being the certified JTRS radio in the market, it'll come from the international growth that I was describing earlier on the call and then thirdly from our entry in the new markets, such as the Land Mobile Radio, the high capacity Line Of Sight Radio, we've talked about before that sold your personal radio which has been launched in international markets and so on. So we continue to see lots of new products coming out of the RF R&D pipeline as a result of our investments and all of those together, we think are going to continue to give us good momentum going forward. And not only satisfy our need for growth in '09 but hopefully in fiscal year '10 and beyond.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Do you have a sense of what percent of the fiscal '08 RF com orders are expected to served in fiscal '09?
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: I don't know the precise number but it is a majority typically, we ship the vast majority of backlog that we have at the beginning of a year... in the year but I don't remember the precise percentage but its well over to 50%.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. And then strength to Stratex for second they made some reference to additional restructuring and integration charges in fiscal '09. Can you help us quantify those at are, I'm assuming those are in your guidance but any additional details there?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Yes, I really can't speak to any details, I want Harold to do that on his call what I will say is that we have to make some assumptions for purposes of our guidance. We have done that and our guidance going forward is intended on to be on a GAAP basis, meeting that we have included the cost of our estimated restructuring in the guidance that were currently provided in the case of broadcast. I kind of detail that for you. We're expecting in the first quarter for example, to take $5 million worth of charges to get savings throughout the year of about $14 million, so the net GAAP benefits the P&L of that action will be about $9 million. There is a similar kind of set of assumptions related to Harris Stratex, but the details of those will be disclosed by Harold when he has his earnings call but we have made some assumptions in our guidance and we plan to not exclude those for non-GAAP purposes. We would plan to continue to exclude items related to acquisitions, other than that I think it will take a very unusual item for us to exclude that for purposes a non-GAAP, does that make sense?
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Yes that's good to hear and just my last one Howard if you can just set the record straight in terms of how senior management and the Board view take out overtures given on the format [ph] top of this past quarter?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well I'm not sure there is anything more to say than as already been said. We are approached from time-to-time. That did occur in the timeframe that we were speaking of our last fiscal year. The Board carefully considered the initial indications that were provided. Discussions were never particularly advanced discussions. But I think you should conclude that the Board seriously considered the approach, the Board determined that the prospects of the company going forward to generate value for shareholders as well as how those indications compared with other market multiples on comparable transactions, that those were inadequate compared to what we believe we could do going forward. I suspect I don't know, but I suspect we'll continue to have approaches as we have in the past, and I want to reiterate takes things seriously, and objectively looks at the validity of what we're receiving, and we'll continue to do that going forward.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mark Jordan from Noble Financials.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financials: Good afternoon, Howard. On the third quarter earnings call, you stated that you have $200 million left, your buybacks program you're able to buyback $25 million in the quarter. It was I believe stated that you wanted to complete this program by the end of the quarter. Was that M&A conversation restrict your ability to buyback stock during the quarter, and that's why you didn't complete the program, and secondly, how do you view that buyback program with the stock here in the high forties?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I don't believe that we said we're going to complete the program in fiscal year '08. So I don't believe we ever said that, when we announced the program, it was $600 million, $200 million in the first quarter of '07, $200 million when expected over the '08 and '09 fiscal years at around $50 million a quarter. We had accelerated some of the purchases in fiscal year '08, so this quarter we didn't have a lot left. With regard to going forward, I don't want to speak for the Board, but we will continue to look at our dividends and share repurchase has a viable use of free cash flow, at the same time, we continue to look for a strategic acquisition that would be a good fit with our businesses, and allow us to create value. I'm sure that at upcoming Board meetings will be talking about our future plans beyond the $175 million that's left in the share repurchase that's currently authorized.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financials: You stated in the press release which you saw lower revenues out of the F-18 and F-22 programs. When does the aggregate F-22, F-18 and F-35 programs sequentially start to grow in aggregate again?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I'm not sure about the specifics, I think we're expecting at least to be flat in those avionics programs in fiscal year '09 compared to '08 and as opposed to having them declined. I don't know that we're expecting them to grow a whole lot, you got the F-22 that has... we're kind of through our phase and you've got the F-35 ramping up. In the long run, I think the 35 Joint Strike Fighter is going to generate a lot of production volume for us. But I don't think we have much in a way of increases in avionics in '09 over '08 Mark.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financials: The final question if I may, what kind of seasonality should we plan, at RF you guys obviously saw a backlog going into the new year, will you be flat sequentially, down sequentially, up sequentially in the first quarter?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I think we expect sequentially in the first quarter to be down at RF compared to the fourth quarter without providing any specific numbers, but sequentially we were just looking here of my notes; we were down a little bit last year even on revenue growth that was up something like 20% in the quarter. So with our guidance this year 11% to 13% sequentially in the first quarter would normally be down. So I think its fair to assume that'll be the case. I'm very pleased with our ability to maintain the margins in the RF business, maybe we're going to see maybe 50 basis points of erosion now this year. So we're feeling very good about that and that's not due to price, it's really due to mix of the new products coming in. But as I said in my prepared remarks we are expecting EPS in the second half to be higher than the first half, little more so in terms of the percentage of the total year, than we had this year because we got the cost reduction, we're taking cost now in first half of the year, we're going to see the benefits in the second half. So that's not to RF but that's talking to the consolidated results or expectations.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financials: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Todd Koplin [ph] with Lehman Brothers.
Unidentified Analyst: Evening guys.
Operator: Hi.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Good evening.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question to expand a bit on the profitability in RF I mean we've run, you obviously had a pretty high development spending for the past couple of years and we've been running in this comp 33 to 34 margin guidance for as long as I can remember. Despite all that development expenditure, I wondered if you'd provide a little bit more color on as you think about that business long-term, we've obviously put a lot of R&D, into our bunch of products presumably where there is a little bit tailwind as that begins to moderate if it does, and then there is obviously some mix issue with the newer products which are probably slightly lower margin. I mean is there a longer-term margin opportunity in this business or this development spending stay high to continue all the product introductions?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: By margin opportunity do you mean it's an opportunity for margins to be higher than--
Unidentified Analyst: Yes it's higher than the 33, 34 that we have come to sort of expect annually.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Anything is possible certainly in individual quarters you know we bounce around depending around the mix and exactly what's being spent. But, I think the way I look at the business today is as long as we have a backlog of projects we want to fund that have an excellent return on capital, an excellent return on the R&D dollars and the various metrics we look at, I don't think we wanted to go a whole lot higher, we want to continue to spend. So our spending as a percent of revenue on R&D going to be about the same in '09 as it was in '08 which means on higher revenue it will be higher absolute dollars and we would expect to continue to develop more products in a way, as you get larger you have the bigger appetite, that you have to feed to maintain your growth rights. So I don't see a lot of change going forward. It would take something, I think different than we're expecting, and I don't see a big reduction that I'm interested in taking. Right now, we still have more desire to spend money in the queue then we're funding. So as additional dollars would become available, I would probably reinvest those back in the business, I think the return on capital in this business is just huge. And so it's probably the best single thing I could do with available additional profits will be put back into RF and generate after tax returns, I don't know Gary, 80% or 90% or whatever the number is. So that's my current thinking.
Unidentified Analyst: That's very useful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Ferranti from Stephens Incorporated.
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated: Hi, guys. Nice job on the RF strength this quarter. I wanted to see if you might be able to just walk us through the thought process that led to the shift back to the old reporting structure?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well, we accomplished... organizationally we accomplished our objective, which is we spent two years, '07 and '08, with defense programs and RF reporting to one group executive. So, we could really start delivering the collaboration there. I think that's going to happen now regardless of how it reports. So, it's clearly defense programs reside in largely in Florida with those other businesses. They operate from a common cost pool and it just makes more sense for us to report it that way. Organizationally, the change primarily started with Bob Henry's decision to retire at the end of the fiscal year and an opportunity to look at the organization and to get the business reporting back directly to me, which I wanted to do for some time with RF, and with Dan Pearson now running GCS. So that's really all that was to it. And I think to last point is it's clear that our shareholders and investors who wanted more clarity on RF reporting, that's what we have always done previously. And so this allows us to do that. So I think it puts us back in a position that investors would like to see with regard to financial reporting and it aligns us with a more natural organization structure to business.
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated: Okay, very good. That was helpful. And I guess look... just looking at historical trends in the RF business, it seems like your visibility entering '09 is probably as good has it's been in recent years. I mean, can you just comment on how do you feel about visibility entering fiscal '09 sort of relative to prior years?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I think it's very good visibility with regard to feeling like we have a lot of downside risk. You always have certain amount... you always have to get a certain number of orders and convert them in the year. But I think we feel pretty comparable to last year with regard to that. With regard to upside, the last several years we've outperformed our forecast, at the beginning of the year our guidance. So we don't have perfect visibility to the upside, nor do I have any better visibility this year to the upside. So I think it has a lot to do with funds, how those funds are available, how they get moved around, but certainly our pipeline for opportunities is very strong. And it's really just the question of... especially internationally which one of the orders are closed this year versus the next year. Overall, I think visibility is about the same starting with significant amount of the year in backlog and that's always very positive.
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated: Okay. And last one for me. Wonder if you could just comment on where you guys might see the tipping point approaching when the DoD might begin adopting these interim JTRS solutions that you have available now in the market. Do you see ground being broken there in terms of momentum growing in that regard?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I feel like every quarter we make good progress. We've clearly, at least in my mind, kind of broken through at the Marine Corp. and Harris and the Falcon III have become very much standardized products with them. We are still working hard on the Army. I think we are making progress there as a result of our success in our Marine Corp. and are trying to establish ourselves as viable, attractive, immediately available lower cost solutions versus perhaps product they'll get from the JTRS programs record down the road. So I like our position, but clearly we are still working to displace legacy products like SINCGARS, we clearly don't understand and many others don't understand why you don't want to put out a radio into production today that is really not compatible standards going forward. Similarly, we think that the model that the purchasing and procurement model that have been put together by the JPEO as part of the JTRS program offers customers ultimately a better prices, more competition while getting the latest most advanced radios. We think that's a pretty compelling proposition and over time I continue to feel like more people step on our side of the line at the Army. But everyone is not there yet or we're beginning a high percent of the Army's business. So we're not there yet, but I think we're making progress every quarter and I don't see any impediments that are standing in our way. And as long as we continue to advance the product, which we will, as I said to some investors on a recent trip, you don't compare us today against what a competitor in the JTRS program might have two years from now, not like we're going just sit still. We're going to continue to invest R&D dollars to advance the technology. And unlike our track record and I think it's a very solid one with regard to doing what we say we're going to do and be able to compete very effectively. Our commercial model is a real advantage, and we're going to continue to use it we think.
Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated: Very good, that's all I had. Thanks and good look going forward.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll next go to Joe Nadol with JPMorgan.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good afternoon,
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Good afternoon, Joe.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: My first question is actually a technical one, which is that my understanding is that Harris Stratex won't be filing for a little while and I'm wondering if you're going to able to file fourth quarter results without them having filed since of course they are consolidated.
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Joe, this is Gary. Yes, we will file our 10-K timely and Harris Stratex is still working towards filing their K timely. It's a goal, they're working towards that, they have not given up on that. But them not filing on the same timeframe as us will not prevent us from filing our 10-K.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. And then secondly on the same topic, I guess it wasn't quite clear on their call, but it seemed as though the legacy system that was responsible for the accounting error was a Harris system. Correct me if that's not correct. And if it is correct I'm wondering if that same system is used elsewhere in Harris and if you gotten back and kind of just make sure that's not affecting any of other the businesses?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Thanks for question because I do want to clarify what was said on the Harris Stratex call. The answer to your second question is no, this IT system is not used anywhere else in the company. It has been upgraded and replaced everywhere else that it was used previously. This was not an IT system error or problem. This was a process problem with people in finance and accounting not doing reconciliations that had previously been done. So the IT system they're using was functioning, and it's not a world-class, but it functions the way it's been functioning probably for the 20 years it's been used before and after the merger. So nothing changed there. What changed was people not following the process, and it is somewhat a manual process to reconcile lots of accounts and lots of work in process project orders. So that's what wasn't done, nothing with the system changed.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. That's helpful. And then just finally on FDCA, I'm wondering if you could give us an update how we're going and what's happening there? There's been some various press reports of ongoing negotiations, no award fee, and obviously you're looking at potentially... have been looking at that contract getting bigger. So where are we today?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well, we're still in discussion. So I don't have anything to report. As I indicated, Bob Henry is spending a fair amount of his time leading this effort at this point. I will tell you I don't believe that in our fiscal year '09 that what we've provided in the way of guidance for Government Systems, I think we're feeling pretty good about the FDCA component that's in that guidance. The question is how much if any upside will there be, and that's ultimately going to be up to the Census Bureau as they decide to replan and rescope the program. So I just... I don't know. I know what they've said in their public statements as you do, which is they certainly envision continuing to utilize Harris for the next phase of the program, which is called Address Canvassing, and that runs essentially throughout our fiscal year 2009. I don't envision any change to that based on what I know at this point. How much work we do beyond that as they move into then the rest of the center stage is what is under discussion right now. And just as soon as that's completed, I don't exactly know when it's going to be completed, I hope it's within the next 30 days or so. But I am sure they well announcing that and discussing it with Congress and then we will in a position to announce it, Joe.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just one more need to Gary, you changed your cash flow guidance very slightly for the next year, just wondering what was the moving part there?
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Really what happened was we did get to 550 million, which was the lower end of our range, but it was lower than our internal working capital improvement targets at three out of four of our divisions in the fourth quarter. We have a little higher inventory, lower collections. And with that in mind, I just thought it was prudent to take the guidance down for next year.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: But if the working capital was higher, that would give you more opportunity there going forward, wouldn't it?
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, but I thought really where we ended up were our target metrics were a little lower than we expected to be at the end of this year. So the bridge to get to where I had hoped was a bigger amount, obviously. And I just thought at this point in time it was prudent we hadn't made as much progress as we hoped. I do want to say thought that we made substantial progress over where we were at last year. I think you're aware that we've said that free cash flow as a percentage income was 79% in '07, we finished this year at 87%. Every one of our working capital measures improved over last year. They just weren't as high as we had hoped. And I thought it was prudent with that to take the guidance down for next year.
Joseph Nadol - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Chris Donaghey with SunTrust Robinson.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, good evening, Howard. Want to circle back to the acquisition speculation from a few weeks ago and presumably on those board discussions, you looked, you have to have looked beyond just fiscal 2009, but I wonder if you can characterize for us the discussions around the three-year outlook for the business and how those discussions went?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well, we do a three-year strategy plan that we presented to the Board each year and we did that again this year. And the timing just happened to kind of coincide with this approach. So I think the Board had the latest view that senior management has about the future. Obviously, the forecast has arranged possible outcomes and we talk with the Board of the plan, we also talk about upsides and we talk about risks. We get through all of that and consistent, I think, with appropriate practice, they brought in outside legal counsel and financial counsel to also hear what we were saying and look at the analyses. So I think they have the best possible input that we could provide. And it was not only a point estimate, but a range of potential outcomes because we certainly don't have perfect visibility even into fiscal year '09 as any company would say and certainly we don't in '10 and '11. So, we tried to lay out the range of possibilities. And again, the conclusion was for really for two reasons based on our internal plans and how they felt about the likelihood of those being completed. And I would say they were influenced, I think, by our performance the past several years where we've typically beat our plans and exceeded them. But they are were influenced by looking at what is fair value based upon various market multiples and metrics of comparable transactions. And in the Board's judgment and their business judgment, it fell short on those counts. And so there was no discussion or no decision to proceed with further discussions.
Chris Donaghey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Thank you for that color, I appreciate that. One last question sort of the macro topic as well. With the issues that Harris Stratex Networks this quarter and margins that at least in broadcast coming in below my expectations, how are you thinking about those commercial segments in terms of their strategic value to the company going forward?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Well, as I've said before, I view or equate strategic value with what can those businesses do to create value for our shareholders. And on the one hand, I am still very optimistic and very positive about both of the businesses' ability to create value because they are not nearly at their potential margin levels. So from where we are to aware where they could go, they have the potential to create a lot of value. The question that we will continue to ask ourselves and discuss with our Board is what is the likelihood of them achieving it because just having potential, but not achieving it doesn't create shareholder value. Instead it ties up our capital in these businesses that could perhaps be redeployed and create value more efficiently in some other way. So, clearly we did not meet our expectations this year in either one of those businesses and we will continue to have discussions about variability going forward. Right now we are firmly committed and believe that those will do better in '09. And if they accomplish the objectives that are embedded in the guidance that we've provided, they are going to create value for shareholders and I think returns some optimism and some positive view on their long term role in the company. If they don't, then I think it is going to be subject to us looking at various alternatives. But I am certainly not signaling that today. We think both of them are going to provide improved performance. Having said that, we've said that before. And it hasn't always come to fruition. So, the Board has to look at the likelihood of that and compare it to other potential alternatives that we might have. Today, we are very optimistic. And part of the optimism, I don't think is blind optimism. It's driven by the fact that both businesses are doing very well in the top line. That's says that they are doing a lot right with regard to customers and product strategy and business strategies. Execution has to improve in both businesses and they got to continue to both take costs out. And they are both taking actions on that in this quarter and I talked with you about broadcast. Harold will talk in detail about Harris Stratex.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Okay, great. Thanks again, Howard.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Okay.
Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Operator, we will take one really quick question and we will then have to wrap it up.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Chris Quilty from Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: A fine quick question.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Go ahead, Chris. You have got the floor.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. I would strain myself. You didn't mention the WIN-T program in the defense area. And that's something you seem to have been excited about a while back?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I am still excited about battle-space networks. I think the WIN-T program per se has morphed a little bit into early fielding for the JNN program. I don't think we've seen a lot of year-over-year growth in the program. So I probably don't know enough details to go into any more than that. But I will have someone look into it and we'll give you a call.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And did I just... I can track the transcript later, but, Howard, did you say that international orders were greater than domestic in your RF Comms business?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: I said international orders growth. So the percent increase in orders in '08 over '07. So the percent increase was higher in international and international was a significant record.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: And was it also the sales growth was also greater?
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: In the second half of the year, yes, it was.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And final part of my short --
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Not to confuse you, but there was growth domestically in the second half as well, but international growth was just higher.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Exec Officer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll turn call back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Pamela Padgett - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Thank you very much everyone for joining us, appreciated.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Pamela Padgett - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and CEO Gary L. McArthur - VP and CFO Robert K. Henry - EVP and COO
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg - UBS Stephen Ferranti - Stephens Incorporated Larry Harris - C.L. King & Associates, Inc Joe Nadol - JP Morgan Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Jim Mcilree - Collins Stewart Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Harris Corporation Third Quarter's Fiscal 2008 Conference Call. This conference call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead ma'am.
Pamela Padgett:
- Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm Pamela Padgett, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Few words about forward-looking statements, in the course of this teleconference management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and the discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Howard, with that I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Pam and welcome again to all of you joining us today for the call. I'm very pleased to report that Harris Corporation's financial performance in the third quarter reflected continuing strong momentum for the company. Revenue was $1.3 billion in the quarter, 24% higher than the prior year. Organic revenue adjusted for the impact of acquisitions was a very strong 15% with year-over-year growth in each one of our segments. Orders were particularly strong in the quarter. They were higher than revenue for the total company and were also higher than revenue in each segment. New orders not only drove strong revenue growth but added significantly to our backlog. Orders are 32% higher in the latest 12-month period compared to the preceding 12 months. We believe orders momentum is a clear indicator of continuing revenue and earnings growth for Harris in fiscal year 2009 that begins in July. On February 28, we announced that fiscal 2008 earnings would be impacted by additional charges for cost overruns on several commercial satellite reflector programs. We said we expected the charges to be partially offset by higher than expected income from operations, gains on the sales of securities of a technology spin-off, and a lower tax rate due to expected tax settlement. I am pleased to report that even after taking the $47 million charge in the third quarter we posted non-GAAP earnings of $0.81 per share and remain on track to achieve $3.45 in non-GAAP earnings per diluted share for fiscal year 2008. Our management team is making good progress on the reflector programs and we are very pleased to report the successful deployment in operation of the first of these commercial reflectors in space. In the Defense Communications Electronics Segment, which includes the RF Communications and Defense Programs businesses, performance was once again excellent. All indicators are pointing towards another strong year in fiscal 2009 to come. Revenue in the quarter increased 22% to $507 million. We expect to finish the fiscal year with segment revenue of about 19% higher than last year. Operating income increased 24% to $156 million. Operating margin was a very strong 31% of sales due to favorable product mix at the RF Communications division. Segment operating margin for the fiscal year should come in at about 30% of sales, slightly higher than we previously expected. Defense Communications segment orders were significantly higher than sales, adding to our backlog and supporting our expectation for revenue growth of 10% in the segment in fiscal 2009. Strong demand for our tactical radio systems continues to be seen across a broad set of customers and markets. Revenue and orders increased in both US and international markets. We recently introduced our latest edition to the Falcon III family, the JTRS compliant manpack tactical radio with NSA approved Type I encryption. This radio is first to market with wideband networking capabilities. Network-centric communications significantly improve situational awareness by creating a wideband data rich environment that supports real-time video transmission. We are currently showcasing these capabilities. We have over 100 demonstrations scheduled at US Military Installations during calendar year 2008. The Falcon III product line continues to gain momentum with nearly 40,000 radios now shipped to date. In the third quarter, we received $97 million order for Falcon III handheld and vehicular radio systems from the US Marine Corp. This is the second major contract for Marines under its tactical handheld radio procurement utilizing the $2.7 billion consolidated interim single channel handheld radio contract vehicle. Also during the quarter we received $55 million in Falcon III orders from the US Air Force and the majority of those orders were also procured through the CIS/CHR [ph] contract. These orders from the Air Force were in addition to the $45 million order noted in our earnings release to supply a complete suite of Harris radios for the Air Force fleet of MRAP vehicles. International orders were very strong in the third quarter and included an $80 million order for Falcon II radios from the Philippines Ministry of Defense. These radios will have counter new threats in the most rugged areas of their country. In a new application, Falcon III handheld radios are being used in US Army Shadow 200 Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. The radios are part of a relay system that extends the distance that communication signals can travel providing aerial communication links for soldiers on the ground who are operating in obstructed line-of-sight situations. Other new products are also gaining traction in the marketplace. Our new Broadband Ethernet High-Capacity Line-of-Sight Radios were recently deployed by the Stryker Brigade Combat Team of the Army's 25th Infantry Division. The Stryker Brigade is using the high-band width, secured communications for wireless backbone connections between their battalion and brigade command posts, company outposts, and joint security stations. During the quarter, we also introduced the first multi-band land mobile radio. This radio is directed at the growing federal public safety and homeland security markets, serving the critical need for real-time interoperable communications during emergency response and joint operations. And finally, we received a contract from the Defense Forces of Norway to provide several thousand of our new Secure Personal Radios. This lightweight wideband radio delivers secured digital communications to individual soldiers in difficult combat conditions. In the Government Communications Systems segment, revenue and operating results in the third quarter were impacted by the $47 million charge for the commercial reflectors programs. Notwithstanding the charges, our core performance and trends in this segment are excellent. Third quarter revenue was $491 million, an increase of 27% compared to the prior year quarter and segment income was $6 million. Excluding the impact of the charges and adjusting for acquisitions, year-over-year organic growth was strong at 9% and operating income before charges was $53 million and operating margin of 10.4%. Significant revenue drivers in the quarter included the Field Data Collection Automation program for the US Census Bureau, the Patriot IT services program for the National Reconnaissance Office and IT services and product sales under the US Air Force NETCENTS contract, as well as a number of classified programs showing growth. New contracts in the Government Communications System segment during the quarter included the $410 million, six-and-a-half year network and space operations and maintenance program for the US Air Force 50th Space Wing in Colorado Springs. Harris will provide operations and maintenance support for the Air Force Satellite Control Network and locations all around the world. We were also awarded a $6 million contract in the quarter to develop and integrate a National Health Information Exchange Gateway for use by Federal Healthcare Agencies. Secure Healthcare IT Systems is a new market for Harris and has significant growth potential. Let me take a moment and give you a quick update on our commercial reflector programs beginning with the most significant milestone. The first one of our new design reflectors was launched recently with its ICO Global satellite on board in Atlas Rocket from Cape Canaveral. I am pleased to tell you that the Harris 12 meter reflector deployed flawlessly and is now fully operational. During our February 28th call, we noted that 10-commercial reflectors were in various stages of development, assembly, test, and the delivery. I am pleased to report the team is making good progress. They clearly understand the remaining challenges and have significantly tightened the program review process. A second reflector has been shipped for Spacecraft integration and our schedule indicates that total of five perhaps even six reflectors will be ready for delivery before the end of this fiscal year. Of course the ultimate timing of the shipments will also depend on customer's readiness for accepting our deliveries. The Field Data Collection Automation Program for the US Census Bureau had several important developments during the quarter. Following the recommendation of a Department of Commerce appointed task force, the Census Bureau decided to pursue a more modest approach towards automation in the 2010 census. The non-response follow up element of the census will revert to paper-based processes. It will not utilize the Harris developed handheld computers. This decision was absolutely not a result of technology issues with the handhelds as some media have reported but rather it was a case of just not having enough time before the census begins to work out all of the processes and training required for success. Census Program Management was simply not able to finalize their requirements in time to use the full suite of automation available. While this element of the FDCA program has changed, the overall Harris scope on the program looks like it will expand significantly beyond our previous expectations. Recently awarded to Harris is a five-year $600 million program. Recent Congregational testimony indicated a current need for $1.3 billion in total FDCA program funding as a result of significant new requirements that have been added to the Harris program scope. We are currently working with the Census Bureau and with Congress to finalize the cost of the new requirements and to secure additional program funding. We are presently very focused on the Automated Address Canvassing element of the FDCA program, which will occur in 2009. Address Canvassing will use over 140,000 handheld computers to verify addresses and domicile locations. We are also working on the Operational Control Systems element and supporting the regional census centers consolidated communications network. In summary, our Government Communication Systems business is robust and growing. We expect to finish the fiscal year with reported revenue growth of over 30% and with an operating margin of about 7.5%. In the Broadcast Communication segment, revenue was $159 million in the quarter, 14% above the prior year quarter. Revenue growth in the quarter was across all business areas in both the US and International markets. Sales of Transmission Systems grew double-digit in the quarter as a result of strong demand in the US for the remaining Digital TV build out. Double-digit growth also continued in infrastructure and Digital Media for our routers, video servers, graphic [inaudible] and in multi-viewers. Year-over-year sales of software solutions where traffic and billing systems also improved particularly in international. Orders at Broadcast were very strong in the third quarter and higher than revenue but a number of orders come in too late in the quarter to turn them into revenue. As a result, we ended the fourth quarter with more backlog and expect higher sequential revenue and operating results. Non-GAAP operating income in the quarter was $7 million, compared to $5 million in the prior year quarter. Gross margins were about flat with the prior year, as margin improvements in transmitters and servers were offset by margin reductions in video infrastructure and networking products. We expect to begin to see gross margin improvement in our fourth quarter with more significant improvement in gross margins expected next year. Operating expenses at Broadcast were 12% higher than the prior year in this quarter as we continued to aggressively invest in R&D for new products as well as invest in additional sales and marketing resources in international markets. We have initiated a number of new cost reduction actions that are expected to reduce operating costs, including operational improvements, facility consolidation and expense reductions in slower growth product areas. We expect fiscal year 2008 reported revenue growth of about 7% to 8% with operating margins about on par with fiscal year 2007. Our Broadcast markets in general are strong and growing, driven by the continuing global conversion to digital and high definition content and operations. The weakening US economy is impacting advertising revenue with our customers and this is having a modest effect on their capital spending. However, the international markets are showing significant strength, especially in Brazil, China, throughout the Middle East, and Australia. While, we will not achieve all of our financial targets in fiscal 2008 for Broadcast, we are making significant strides in establishing our global broadcast market leadership position. This progress was clearly evident at the recent National Association of Broadcasters trade show. Harris is the only supplier that offers a complete range of digital hardware and software solutions across the broadcast enterprise. Our competitors are faltering, both financially and in their ability to execute. Our global customers will increasingly come to Harris Broadcast Communications as the one source for their digital and high definition technology needs. We have assembled a powerful combination of technologies and expertise to serve the global media markets. I continue to believe that we will create significant long-term shareholder value from our investments in this market as we continue to grow and as we improve our execution. [Audio Gap] GAAP operating income of $4 million in the prior year quarter. North American revenue was $57 million in the third quarter, a strong increase of 16% compared to the prior year. International revenue was also strong increasing by 27% to $117 million. Sales to the African continent were particularly strong increasing 49% year-over-year. Capital spending rebounded in that region following a number of operator consolidations that we have talked about in previous quarters. Internationally revenue was also strong in Europe, the Middle East and Russia. During the quarter, Harald Braun was appointed President and CEO of Harris Stratex Networks, succeeding Guy Campbell. Harald is an industry veteran with significant international experience. I believe he is an excellent choice to move this young company into the next phase of its growth and development. You will be hearing from him on the Harris Stratex call immediately following this one. With that let me turn you over to Harris' CFO, Gary McArthur.
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon everyone. Q3 was another very solid balancing quarter for Harris. We ended the quarter with $295 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we repurchased $100 million of our outstanding stock and paid off an additional $99 million of 6.35% coupon debt that was put to us. Return on invested capital as of the end of the third quarter was 16.6%, nearly twice our weighted average cost of capital. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $164 million as compared to $141 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. All four operating segments generated higher operating cash flow during the quarter as compared to the same quarter a year ago with both Harris Stratex and Broadcast Communications our two most challenging cash flow segments posting good improvements on both the sequential and year-over-year basis. Our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2008 continues to be in the range of $550 million to $600 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $43 million, as compared to $34 million for the third quarter of 2007. Our expectations for depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2008, continued to be in the range of $165 million and $175 million. Capital expenditures were $41 million for the third quarter as compared to $36 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Our guidance for fiscal year 2008 for CapEx remains between $140 million and $150 million. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was lower than the US statutory rate as a result of favorable tax settlements for fiscal years 2004 through 2006 totaling $11 million. Also beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2008, we began recording state income taxes that are reimbursable by the US government in engineering, selling and administrative expense rather than tax expense. Our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2008 is now at 32% with an outlook for fiscal year 2009 of 33%. Noting however that the tax rate for any given quarter to vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events. Other areas of guidance for fiscal 2009 are as follows. Depreciation and amortization in a range of $170 million to $180 million, capital expenditures including capitalized software also at $170 million to $180 million and operating cash flow of $675 million to $725 million. In summary, we expect to finish fiscal 2008 on a very solid financial foundation with expectations for a continued improvement in fiscal 2009. Back to you Howard.
Howard L. Lance - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gary. Let me conclude my prepared remarks by summarizing our outlook for you. All of our major markets are showing continuing strength, we're experiencing strong orders, a growing backlog and we see a healthy new opportunity pipeline. We are having continued success in addressing our growing markets with new and innovative communications products, systems and solutions. We have confirmed our fiscal year 2008 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $3.45 per diluted share. In addition we have increased our fiscal 2009 guidance from the initial guidance range of $4 to $4.10 per share that we provided on March 5 to a new range of $4.05 to $4.15 per share. This new range represents year-over-year earnings per share growth of 17% to 20%. We now expect revenue in fiscal 2009 to be 9% to 11% above fiscal year 2008. The Defense Communications and Electronics segment is expected to deliver growth next fiscal year as a result of increasing demand for our new Falcon III tactical radios and other new products. As previously expected, segment operating margins will be maintained at very strong levels at about 29%. Revenue in the Government Communication System segment is also expected to reach double-digit growth levels in fiscal 2009. That will be driven by our core group of communication systems integration and IT systems programs; FTI, FDCA, Patriot, NETCENTS and NMCI and by our growing National Intelligence Programs business. Operating margins at GCS are expected to return to historical levels at 10% of revenue or slightly higher. We expect year-over-year revenue growth to continue at Broadcast Communications and Harris Stratex Networks with improving gross margins and expects… expense reduction actions combining to improve our operating margins in each business. In conclusion Harris is very well positioned to achieve another consecutive year of growth and earnings per share improvement as we head into fiscal year 2009. Operator, with that, if you could please open the lines, we will take questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from Jason Kupferberg from UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Hi, good afternoon guys.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Jason.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Just wanted to start the question on RF and can you tell us what the growth was specifically in the March quarter the year-over-year growth in the RF division?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Not specifically in RF we've provided growth for the overall segment. I think though it’s fair to say the trend continued with RF growth being slightly above the segment number and Defense Programs growth being below that number.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. You still expect RF orders to exceed revenues this fiscal year?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay, okay and as far as the OTM year-over-year order growth you cited I think 32% overall corporate wide?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, that would just simply be the sum of our last four quarters over the previous four quarters, just trying to give you a sense of momentum. You’ve heard me say before that orders in any given quarter can bounce around, because sometimes you get very large order that distorts it. So we are looking at kind of that trailing four quarters to try and give you sense of the trend line, obviously it includes acquisitions but acquisition results are showing up in our reported results.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay. Any more granularity on the fiscal '09 RF outlook, I know you said double digit growth last quarter, is that what you are sticking with here or anything more precise?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We are very comfortable in reiterating the 10% growth. We think that the segment has a very solid outlook and again RF dominates the results in the segment. So we are very comfortable with the direction and the momentum, we had a very good order quarter. We are going to finish the year strong, the opportunity pipeline for our new products as well as for international is particularly encouraging and all of that gives us a reasonably next year is going to be a very, very strong year for Defense Communications, in total certainly fueled by continued growth in RF.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Okay congrats on the momentum here.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ferranti from Stephens Incorporated. Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc. Hi good afternoon guys and congratulation on the successes in the quarter.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc. I wanted to follow up I guess on some of the RF questions that were asked, do you have sense for if you look ahead into fiscal '09. Some of the... where the drivers are coming from in RF, is it more related to Falcon III, is it international orders or kind of follow through on existing Falcon II or do you have any sense for kind of proportionally how that shapes up?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly Falcon III, and other new products that we are introducing are going to each year be a higher percentage of our revenue. We are still going to sell lot of Falcon II Radios next year from orders and backlog that we have and will sell a lot of those internationally ongoing from orders that were going to get. I think, we talked at our Analyst Day about our expectations, regarding our HF radio mix, that mix going to decline slowly over the next three years, think we showed a couple of charts on that and so that's playing out pretty much as we expected based on our current order flow and order pipeline. So, clearly we are in good shape with our Falcon II products, the Falcon II Multi-band manpack is going to be continued to be sold for a long time, but we are very excited by the introduction of the new Falcon III. Obviously, we have got lot of shipments in the handheld and vehicular configurations of that. We are very excited about the launch the Falcon III manpack. The feedback that we are getting from the initial demonstrations with customers is extremely positive and to us that's what that matters and these are comments from people who are going to use these radios. These are people in the field that have the experience of not being able to have high level of situational awareness and as they are seeing what we can do not just with a brochure or slide, but we can do with the real-eye demonstration of streaming real-time full motion video and data from multiple radios across the net, I think is raising a lot of eyebrows and we have been very pleased by the initial reaction and hopefully that will turn into the adoption of these two technologies going forward. We certainly think it will and we’ve gotten some initial orders. So encouraging progress at this point. Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc. That's great and could you give us a sense for, it seems like you have got sort of window of opportunity here before sort of the official JTRS program is really at a stage where it could be fielded, what is your sense of traction? It sounds like you are gaining some fairly significant traction here and you have got... obviously the IDIQ in place, which supports that traction? I mean is it fair to say that you are comfortable with the momentum you are seeing there?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think we are very pleased with the momentum and I don't believe any of those introduction dates is even for LRIP, their limited production have changed throughout in 2011. So, I think we have… my view as three years of opportunity to gain significant adoption and acceptance and our hope is that the market standardizes on the Falcon III JTRS compatible radio at a minimum because our customers lots of options and we think the JTRS program executive office is equally excited about that having given us a approval for the handheld and we expect kind of formal approval. It does meet all the requirements for the manpack. So, we are very excited about the progress, obviously we have got to execute and get the word out and that's what we are doing with these demonstrations. Steve Ferranti - Stephens Inc. Terrific. Thanks guys and good luck.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Harris from C.L. King.
Larry Harris - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. A couple of questions, one I was intrigued by the recent announcement of the RF-7800W for airborne applications. Do you see an opportunity perhaps to over time enter the airborne radio market or is this a single application?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Larry, we have certainly in the long run an expectation to go airborne, exactly how we do that is a work in progress. This was a very interesting application and I think will allow us to start being associated with airborne applications not just tactical applications on the ground. It's also important that this is an army program and gives us an opportunity to have them sequenced [ph] and Falcon III performance, which we think is very important.
Larry Harris - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: And then on the Census Bureau… I know there’s been a lot in the paper but it look like as you mentioned the scope so that it increased to significantly larger amount here perhaps $1.3 billion. Should we anticipate significant increase in revenues on this program, potentially over the next couple of years and your thoughts about fixed price versus cost plus type contracts?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. On the second point first, this contract is a cost plus contract. There are either no or de minimis fixed price elements to it. Second, I don't believe that our customer is treating it as a cost overrun. They are acknowledging that the requirements are significantly different and while the spending on the non-response follow up part will be at less than half of what it was going to be with us before I should with handheld just going to be less than a half. There is scope on every other aspect to this program has gone up by three or four times in terms of some of the work scope. We will see some of that in our fiscal 2009 revenue, we will see a bigger chunk also in our fiscal 2010 revenue. In the fiscal '09 guidance we have given double-digit growth, we have baked in some but probably not all the revenue we could see because it's a little bit of a moving target at this point, because funding has not been finalized and because the government’s fiscal year is different than the Harris fiscal year, we don't want to get out ahead of that funding process and certainty. But I do believe we are comfortable there’s going to be upside and the program is going to be far more than the original $600 million potential that we recently announced.
Larry Harris - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Understood, all right. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett:
- Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Nadol from JP Morgan.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: First question is just on RF. I have got a couple questions on this but your backlog at the end of September was about $1 billion and I am wondering if today it's a higher or lower than that? And do you expect to exit the year at above or below that level?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect to exit the year with more revenue than or more orders than revenues. So book-to-bill greater than one, and whatever that number is we will determine what the end of year specific backlog is Joe but it's growing and that's what's important and the pipeline and acceptance of these new products we think is very strong. So we are comfortable with the growth guidance that we have indicated in the segment for next year based on orders already received and orders we expect to receive not only in the next quarter but throughout next year. I think we continue to try and highlight that this is not a single source growth as a driver or funding, of particular note is the large order received by the Philippines, international continues to play every year in a larger and larger role in total revenue and in growth and we are expecting next year to also be a very strong growth profile for RF.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: You said that your [inaudible] CapEx guidance for next year indicates about 20% growth over this year and I am wondering where you are putting that and where you are targeting kind of growing your capacity?
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Joe, this is Gary McArthur. About $30 million of the increase is being targeted towards modernizing some of our buildings here in the Florida area and that is the majority of where the spend is.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Okay. You increased your EPS guidance, this may be splitting hairs a little bit by a nickel, just for next year, I am just wondering on the margin, where you are feeling better about your operations or is it sort of little bit here, little bit there?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think a little bit here, little bit there. I think we are feeling very confident in the two largest Government segments, they drive the majority of revenue growth in income, so, as we see another strong quarter in DCE and good momentum coming out of this year and as we see the opportunity to get back on our margin track next year at GCS, have the reflector problems behind us and to see good growth in these core programs and upside opportunity at the FDCA program census all that together gave us confidence in increasing the guidance at this time by another $0.05. We’ll have another bite at that Apple of course as we have come out of our fourth quarter and see exactly what those backlog levels are and the like as we ended the year.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Okay and then just one more over at Broadcast, you said that you I guess you lowered your expectations for this year and I'm wondering is it more a sales issue you said that you are seeing some modest impact from the economy over this expense issue or may be more specifically what exactly led to the change in guidance?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Primarily it's been driven by our revenue from US customers. It's a little bit lighter than we had expected. Having said that, this is a business that we are going to invest appropriately in new products. I come back from the National Association of Broadcasters show even more convinced that we are in a position to win this game. And when I look at the financial difficulties and profit problems that all of our major competitors are having across this industry and I see where we are, I see the booth traffic that we get, I see the high level customer meetings that we are having, the major international opportunities in the pipeline all of those are very positive. In the short run our customer ad revenue in the US stations is not where they had hoped it would be, they track a lot of it to the election, the general election money not really going nationwide yet because of the democratic competitions still occurring in primary states. And so, we are expecting a little bit more strength in the fourth quarter. But internationally it is very strong. I have never seen in my ten-year pipeline with more big program opportunities internationally and I've been spending a lot of time with those customers not only here but outside the country. And we are in very good position, I think given what we have put together here. And our expenses are up, but we are spending money in the right way and I'm not going to manage this kind of on a short-term basis. So, we are going to continue to invest. We are not happy with our profit margins. Tim Thorsteinson and I are implementing another round of appropriate cost actions in cost trimming, where we need to, but we are not going to take any actions that are going to hurt the top line in our growth. Because ultimately that's where we are going to win. And as we continue to have that success in the top line and as we execute better we are going to deliver significantly more profits on the bottom line. So, we are continuing to work the issues, would we like to get there faster absolutely, but we are going to stay in the course in that business.
Joe Nadol – JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Donaghey from Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, congratulations on the quarter, Howard.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I wonder if first of all you mentioned in the press release that you had seen your first deliveries of the FALCON III handheld or the FALCON III manpack. Can you talk about may be who those customers are and may be quantify or at least provide some insight into what the pipeline looks like at radio right now? Howard L. Lance - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive officer I am not sure Chris that I can give you any color on deliveries other than they are small numbers across a pretty wide customers set what I recall so across DoD lots of customers taking quantities to try them out put them into some of their tougher field deployed applications. So that's about all the color I can provide on that. I think the pipeline is very strong and we expect to see kind of a gradual ramp up of the manpack over the next four quarters next year and four quarters the following year. So I don't see anything at this point to suggest we are not going to be very, very successful with that radio. Like I say the feedback from the demonstrations, I think has even surprised our people with regard to how positive it’s been. At the same time we’ve got to execute, we don't have any capacity limitations. I think we are geared to ramp that up as fast as the customers want, so we are trying to make sure we have plenty of headroom in our factory capacity. We don't envision making big investments to get there. I think we have all the capacity essentially we think we are going to need. So we are in a pretty good shape and now it’s just a question of waiting for the customers to get comfortable, go through their testing and move forward from there.
Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And may be a different way of asking the question. Can you detect, can you tell based on these early deliveries, is this… is there any kind of waiting towards existing customers with Falcon II manpack or these historical SINCGARS type users or these new users just experimenting with the new technology?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean I don't know for sure. I think it's the traditional customer base. I wouldn't want you to get the impression that its people don't know Harris or have been trying radios. I think it's just a broad cross section at this point. Certainly the opportunity is there for them to make networking a reality using this radio. And clearly [inaudible] can do that, clearly the JTRS programs of record can do that. So there is significant period of time here, where they are going to have the ability to do this with our radios to prove out the viability and yet we think very comfortable with our radios and their performance. So time will tell that, I think it's a cross section and I don't know any more specifics at this point or I would share that with you.
Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay that's fine. And just quickly if you can, it seems like once again, you know the margins in Harris Stratex and Broadcast seem to be struggling and obviously sounds like additional cost reduction expenses going on in Broadcast, you kind of you wouldn't provide specific margin guidance for us in 2009, how should we think about the margins in those businesses for next year?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You should think that our current guidance allows for modest improvements that we are a bit tired of over promising and under delivering on those margins and that the focus in my mind in both those businesses on the top line first and ensuring that we are gaining market share that we are introducing a new products in both those businesses and strategically positioning ourselves to win the game in the long run and not to focus quite as much on short-term quarter-over-quarter improvements because in the big scope of our company they don't matter all that much but in the long run both of those businesses are going to create shareholder value by reaching positions that are entrenched and allow for more pricing pressure, a more pricing power and more and better margins in the longer-term. But quarter-by-quarter it's just not the way that I am going to focus on it. We are going to do better next year than this year but we have pretty modest improvements in our current guidance and you will kind of get a sense of that as you run through and update your model based on the pieces, the big pieces of pi we have given you.
Chris Donaghey - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Great and thanks again, good quarter.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we will move to Jim Mcilree from Collins Stewart.
Jim Mcilree - Collins Stewart: Thanks. Good afternoon. Gary, the quarter-to-quarter increase in SG&A that was primarily driven by the re-classification of the state income taxes. Is that correct?
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Had some impact from that, yes.
Jim Mcilree - Collins Stewart: And what was that on a dollar basis or what will that be on a dollar basis going forward?
Gary L. McArthur - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We basically have done it as kind of a percent of the tax rate and I think in the guidance that we gave you we took the overall tax rate down by 1% in '09 so on a go-forward basis it will about 1%. And this quarter there was some catch up with what we did so in looking at the quarter if you look at the tax rate was about 26%. So the 34% to 26.8% about a third of it came from the state income tax area and two thirds of that came from the tax settlements with the IRS.
Jim Mcilree - Collins Stewart: Then Howard the cost reduction efforts that you are going to take in Broadcast will that result in more charges or you just talking about kind of slowing the growth rate of expenses but no, you have no specific facility charges or risks?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If I had the specific number, Jim, at this point we’d shared it, it’s a work in progress and so any significant headcount reduction in our facility actions usually has some amount of charges associated with it but at this point I don't really have a number. But what we are focusing on is redeploying resources form the slower growth parts of the business into the higher growth parts and getting expenses under control where they have perhaps gone a little faster in some areas than we deemed appropriate. But you should think of it more as trimming around the edges rather than some kind of a major wholesale across the board restructuring.
Jim Mcilree - Collins Stewart: Fine. Thanks a bunch.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Pamela Padgett:
- Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Operator I think ... do we have any more questions?
Operator: We have one more question.
Pamela Padgett:
- Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Okay.
Operator: That question comes from Myles Walton from Oppenheimer.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Howard, in the latest selected acquisition report from the DoD, they significantly reduced the production outlook for the JTRS HMS cost I know that you are not a teammate on that one but wondering is there a read through for your business positive or negative maybe on the manpack side that you are seeing out of that?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Myles, I am not sure. Bob, do you have any other inside on that?
Robert K. Henry - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.: Not yet. We haven't seen anything yet; it could be I guess I don’t know, we will see as we move forward, but nothing yet.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay.
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess on the surface I take it as a positive, but production is so far out that I think we have clearly a first mover advantage here and we are doing everything we can to take to get the full benefit of that.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. You know the full radar, I just didn’t know if you had additional color, also within the RF segment it sounded like your growth there was about 25% for the year, was international growth above or below domestic growth this quarter?
Howard L. Lance – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't remember specifically in the quarter but I know that over the last three years, international is being growing at a rate north of a 20% CAGR or compound annual growth rate and going forward we certainly have expectations of that continuing. So I don't know about this quarter but that certainly tells you that going forward we are expecting a faster rate of international growth than we are domestic growth based on our overall guidance of around 10%.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay and may be last one, the JTRS AMS I see on the winning team there, but I am just wondering what's the next entry point, is there an entry point on the production pipeline downstream?
Robert K. Henry - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, this is Bob Henry. We are working with the JPL and there is a chance that we can get some other production down the line. With that said we are all working on airborne applications starting with the UAVs and that I believe might give us an entry point down to be a viable supplier in the airborne community later on.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: So coming back to I guess, Larry's original question, I mean could you essentially do almost what you are doing at the manpack with JTRS HMS, could you do you something similar on AMS?
Robert K. Henry - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, yeah we could… we surely could do that and whether that's in our strategy or not I really don't want to discuss at this point in time.
Myles Walton - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Pamela Padgett:
- Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Okay, everyone thank you so much for joining us, appreciated it.
Operator: That concludes --.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-04-18 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Harris Corporation’s Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Ms. Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead ma’am.
Pamela Padgett: Hello everyone and welcome to our second quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. I am Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. And on the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President, CEO, Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating officer and Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference, management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information and a discussion of such assumptions, risks and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by the Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference we'll discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relation section of our website. And Howard, with that I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks Pam, and welcome to all of you joining us for today. I am very excited to share with you our results for the second quarter and our new outlook. Harris performance showed continuing strong momentum in the quarter, in both revenue and earnings growth, and the outlook for the second half of the year has strengthened. For fiscal year 2008 in total, we expect each of our four operating segments to deliver significantly higher revenue and earnings than in fiscal 2007. Revenue was a record $1.3 billion, 30% higher than the prior year quarter. Organic revenue growth was a strong 13%, with growth across all segments. Sequential revenue increased by 7%. Operating performance was also excellent in the quarter. Non-GAAP net income, excluding acquisition related cost was $120 million. Earnings were $0.87 cents per share, a 28% increase compared with last year. In the Defense Communications and Electronics segment, which includes, as you recall the RF communications and defense programs businesses, revenue increased 18% to $472 million. Operating income increased to $142 million and was a very strong 30% of sales. RF Communications revenue led the segment performance, increasing 25% compared to the prior year and 13% sequentially. Strong demand for our broad range of Tactical Radio Systems continued across both U.S. and international markets and customers. We have a very robust sales funnel. We are continuing to add production capacity at our Rochester, New York facilities. We are continuing to roll out new products with additional capabilities. We are successfully expanding into new markets and we're successfully winning new customers and important endorsements. The bottom line is this, we believe RF Communications will continue to deliver profitable growth going forward. This is not a one-dimensional business, as some might mistakenly believe. We've made the right investments to achieve a broader product portfolio. We are serving expanding markets, and we're delivering consistent market share increases in both U.S. and international markets. Unlike many of our competitors, our business model is not focused on selling single purpose legacy radios, developed with U.S. Government funding and selling those to a few customers. Quite simply, we believe we're faster to market than our competition. With solutions that solve our customers’ rapidly changing mission critical communications requirements. We believe it's all about having a vision for the market. Investing our own R&D dollars to develop new products, that utilize new technologies and create new capabilities, and then delivering the most advanced communications products in the industry to a highly diverse market and customer base. Harris has led, and will continue to lead the ongoing transformation of defense communications across global markets, because we're able to deliver the radios of the future to those markets today. We believe we've pretty good visibility with the RF business at this point. Funding is not an issue, demand is strong for all of our products, and our production capacities will not limit our ability to grow. We fully expect orders to once again meet or exceed revenue in fiscal 2008, creating strong momentum and backlog to drive double-digit revenue growth in our fiscal 2009. We believe there are multiple, sustainable drives to provide for ongoing growth in our core global Tactical Radio markets. These include long-term multiyear modernization programs across the U.S. Department of Defense and our international allies to provide more sophisticated communications capabilities. The drivers also include force expansion including 30,000 in the U.S. Marine Corp. and 60,000 in the U.S. Army. It includes force restructuring and modularity programs that create smaller, faster, better-equipped units with enhanced mobile communications capabilities. And the drivers include increasing requirements for global communications interoperability across services and countries. And finally, the deployment of network center communications to improve situational awareness and force effectiveness by creating a wideband, data rich networking environment. These growth drivers represent tremendous opportunities for Harris. We believe that funding will continue to flow from multiple sources to allow for the continued procurement of Tactical Radio Systems to accomplish these critical objectives. Of course, you know the funding will include the annual U.S. Department of Defense budget, supplemental budgets in 2008 and 2009 at a minimum, foreign military sales programs and will include funding for the defense budgets of our international allies, especially rich oil producing countries in Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia. Our growth prospects will certainly depend upon our ability to win against competition. And on that front, our track record over the past five years speaks for itself. We estimate that the global market for tactical radios expanded from $2.7 billion in calendar year 2006 to $3.4 billion in calendar 2007, that's about a 26% increase. At the same time, we believe that Harris increased its share of the global market from 33% in calendar 2006 to 37% in calendar 2007, driving a 40% calendar year revenue increase for Harris. The introduction of our next generation JTRS compliant Falcon III product line continues to make great progress as evidenced by a string of new orders and with over 30,000 radios now shipped to customers. And we recently announced national security agency approval of our new Falcon III multiband, multimission manpack radio. The Falcon III manpack is the first Type I encrypted radio to be able to provide wideband capabilities for tactical networking as well as multimission narrowband waveforms for compatibility with legacy radio systems. It's wideband capabilities increased the data throughput ten-fold enabling application such as video to now be used in mobile battlefield situations. We are also rolling out other new products in capturing market share in adjacent markets. Recent wins include an $8 million contract with the Marine Corp. for our new high capacity line-of-sight data radio, which provides high bandwidth data transmission between command posts and forward operating basis at data rates in excess of the 80 megabits per second. And we received an $8 million contract from the government of Norway for our new Secure Personal Radio that enables secured tactical communications down to individual soldiers. We have leading positions on the right programs and the right contracts. We are convinced that modernizing, expanding and advancing communications capabilities will remain a priority in the U.S. and around the world. Our customers will most certainly include the necessary funding in their budgets to accomplish these important tactical objectives. Each new military initiative and each new pocket of political instability only serves to underscore the long-term priority that is to provide sophisticated, flexible, mobile and fully interoperable communications around the world. In our defense programs business in the quarter, revenue was only slightly higher due to production timing on the F-35 Lightning II and F/A-18 Super Hornet programs. We expect some improvement in our second half. Our position on major MILSATCOM and Data Linked programs and our advanced Mobile Communications programs such as JNN and WIN-T give us a very broad-based offering to drive future growth in our Defense Programs business. Finally, we continue to see progress in our pursuit of global defense communications and Defense Systems Programs. The collaboration between the RF Communications and Defense Programs teams has been excellent. These new business pursuits are primarily in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Central Asia. And our pipeline of bids is outstanding, exceeds $1 billion in value. Most of the awards are expected to be made during the next 12 months, so stay tuned. Revenue in the Government Communications Systems segment was 38% higher than last year at $507 million. Organic revenue growth was 12%. Revenue increased across all three-business areas. In Civil Programs, National Intelligence Programs and in IT services. Our Multimax acquisition not only added to total revenue, but it contributed to the organic revenue growth rate. Operating income excluding acquisition related costs increased to $50 million or 10% of sales. Revenue growth in the quarter was driven by long-term stable contracts including the field data, collection automation program for the U.S. Census Bureau. The FDCA program will provide mobile handheld devices for door-to-door census enumerators along with a complete management system to improve the senses operating efficiency. Our solution uses proven technologies and commercial off-the-shelf hardware. It delivers multiple, overlapping security features including fingerprint authentication, password authentication and data encryption. Over 2000 handheld computers have already been successfully field-tested. And multiple dress rehearsals will be completed prior to the programs' final implementation in 2010. Revenue in the quarter also benefited from growth in the Navy Marine Corp. Intranet program and on the NETCENTS program for the U.S. Air Force. Both of these are part of the Multimax acquisition. Multimax continues to perform on plan. Our National Intelligence Programs revenue increased 14% in the quarter year-over-year with broad-based growth across our proprietary space systems and mission systems business areas. Our continuing successful performance on major systems integration programs has allowed us to significantly broaden our customer base in this segment. We believe that our enhanced capabilities and customer focused senior account management structure will lead to future program wins in such high-growth market areas as information assurance, service oriented architecture networks, and assured health information systems. Turning to Broadcast, revenue in the Broadcast Communication segment was a $164 million, a year-over-year increase of 6%. Operating income excluding acquisition related costs was $10 million or 6% of sales. We are quite pleased with our continued revenue growth trends. Double-digit growth continued in the Video Infrastructure & Digital Media business, driven by continued demand for high-definition servers, routers, master control and graphic systems and our new CENTRIO multiviewer product line. Software Systems revenue also increased, thanks to the completion of several large automation projects. Transmission revenue was lower in the quarter, but this was as a result of our exit of the radio resale business last year. Demand for digital TV transmission systems is expected to be stronger in the second half. As broadcasters begin their final migration to comply with the February 2009 FCC mandate. As I think you know we've significantly expanded our Broadcast product portfolio over the past three years, creating a total solutions capability that now spans multiple workflow areas, from content creation to content management and distribution, to broadcast transmission. Broadcasters are continuing to make capital investments to enable their transition to high definition. Our systems allow media networks to interconnect their global locations to move content seamlessly from production to network to station to consumer, regardless of whether it's over the air, over cable, IPTV, Mobil TV, or streaming media. Harris offers the industry's broadest end-to-end HD solutions. While we were pleased with our top line growth, we are not delivering the double-digit return on sales margins that we believe this business can and will generate. Production and supply chain cost at our Toronto Canada plant were much higher than expected reducing segment gross margins. We are expecting improvement in the second half as our video processing, distribution and networking, product cost issues get addressed. We are pleased to have a new Vice President of Operations at Broadcast coming on Board later this month and to have increased focus and effectiveness in improving our factory margins. Having said all that, we continue to believe in the potential of the Broadcast business and remain committed to continuous improvement in its financial results forward. Our Harris Stratex Networks segment will host a conference call to discuss their second quarter results and outlook immediately following this call at 5:30 PM Eastern Time. Let me take just a moment and cover the segment highlights. Second quarter revenue for Harris Stratex was a $181 million, an increase of 5% compared to the prior year on a pro forma basis. Operating income excluding integration costs associated with the business combination increased sequentially to $11 million or 6% of sales. North America revenue was up slightly compared to last year, but revenue increased 13% sequentially. Demand continues to be fuelled by mobile network footprint expansion, increased bandwidth demand and microwave frequency relocation. Gross margins are on plan in North America and the business is delivering its results as expected. International revenue was $111 million in the second quarter, a 7% increase compared to the prior year on a pro forma basis. Combined revenue for Latin America and Asia Pacific increased by a significant 54%, driven by success with new customers. Africa was about flat with last year and revenue in Europe, the Middle East and Russia was significantly lower as a result of operator consolidation and slower than expected implementation of 3G networks. Unfortunately international gross margins were impacted by the shift in revenue away from Europe, the Middle East and Russia towards Latin America and Asia Pacific volume. Additionally, freight costs were higher and services margins for engineering and installation projects were lower than previously expected. Rest assured actions are being taken to get these cost back under control and to improve financial performance in the second half of the fiscal year. The business is improving sequentially and the plant cost synergies were achieved in the first half. Let me now hand over the call to Harris' CFO, Gary McArthur.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon everyone. I'm going to take the next few minutes to talk about our financial position. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $382 million as of the quarter just ended. Year-to-date cash flow generated from operating activities was $189 million compared to $182 million in the first half of fiscal 2007. All four operating segments generated positive operating cash flow both year-to-date and in the quarter, and our expectation for cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2008 continues to be in the range of $550 million to $600 million. Depreciation and amortization for the first half of fiscal 2008 increased to $84 million from $55 million in the first half of fiscal 2007. This was primarily due to the increase in property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangible assets resulting from the Harris Microwave combination with Stratex Networks and the acquisition of Multimax. Depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2008 is expected to remain between $165 million and $175 million. Capital expenditures were $68 million for the first half as compared to $63 million in the first half of fiscal 2007. Our guidance for fiscal year 2008 for CapEx also remains between $140 million and $150 million. During the quarter, we placed $400 million of 5.95% coupon ten year fixed rate debt, and we repurchased $25 million of the $150 million, 6.35% coupon debt that is puttable [ph] to us in early February, actually next week. Subsequent to the quarter and we received notification that an additional $99 million of that debt will be put to us, the remaining $26 million will remain outstanding and will not come due until February 2028. Also during the second quarter, we repurchased 785,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $63.64 per share. This brings our total shares repurchased in the first half of fiscal 2008 to 1.7 million. Repurchases to-date under our $600 million program totaled $300 million, leaving the remaining authorization of $300 million. At current Harris stock prices, we may be more aggressive with stock repurchases in the second half of this fiscal year. Our outlook for the full-year tax rate for fiscal 2008 continues to be at 34% noting that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down, as a result of discreet events. In summary, our financial foundation is very strong. Cash flow from operations continues to improve, capital expenditures continue to decline as a percent of revenue. With our recent upgrade at Moody's, our credit rating at S&P and Moody's are now BBB+ and Baa1 respectively. Stock repurchases are proceeding as planned and our capital structure continues to provide us the financial flexibility to finance organic growth, pay dividend and pursue strategic acquisitions. Back to you, Howard.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me wrap up my prepared remarks by summarizing our updated financial outlook for fiscal 2008. Harris is increasing fiscal 2008 revenue guidance to a new range of $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion that's about 24% higher than fiscal 2007 at the mid-point of the range and corresponds to organic year-over-year growth of about 12%. Non-GAAP earnings guidance for fiscal year 2008 is also increasing from a previous range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share to a new range of $3.45 to $3.55 per share. The new guidance represents year-over-year EPS growth of about 25%. Our increase in guidance is principally being driven by higher expected revenue, income, and operating margins at the RF Communications division. We now expect year-over-year revenue growth at RF of about 25% for the full-year with margins of about 34% of sales for the full-year. This will drive revenue growth of about 18% for the Defense Communications and Electronics segment and segment margins should now be at least 29% of sales for the year. There is no change in guidance for the Government Communications Systems segment, revenue growth of 6% to 8% with margins of 9% to 11% of sales. We now expect somewhat higher reported revenue growth for the year of 8% to 9% at Broadcast Communications with margins of 7% to 9% of sales, as we work our away through the cost issues that impacted gross margins. Harris Stratex Networks is now expecting higher year-over-year pro forma revenue growth at about 10% for the year. For the full-year, margins are expected to be in the 6% to 8% of sales range with improvement in the second half compared to the first half. Overall, these projections add up to another very strong year for Harris in fiscal 2008 with good momentum and with real potential for further growth in fiscal 2009 and beyond. With that we will ask the operator to please open up the line for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, question and answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from SunTrust Robinson, Mr. Chris Donaghey.
Chris Donaghey: Hi, Good evening, Howard. Great job on the quarter. I wonder if you can starting on RF, obliviously on the capacity expansion in Rochester, can you provide a little bit more elaboration on is it a specific radio type, is this all Falcon III expansion is there still some Falcon II legacy orders that are coming, is this for the Falcon III manpack. Can you just walk us through where that capacity is being added?
Howard L. Lance: Chris, it's across the board, but it is primarily to fund the new radio set we are releasing. Obviously, already released the Falcon III handheld, just announced NSA approval on the Falcon III manpack. The HCLOS, a secured personal roller radio is not coming from Rochester. Well, I guess it is initially, we expect at some point to move that to the UK. So, we've got a lot of... a lot of demand across our product line. And so it's nothing specific and we also are making expansions expecting that revenue growth in fiscal 2009 that I've referred to.
Chris Donaghey: Okay, great. Thanks. And on the Falcon III manpack, have you started to see interest in the user community that may have been buying PRC-117s or 115s over the past three years. The interested level in upgrading to the manpack Falcon III?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. There is a lot... there is a lot of interest and the number one feature that they're looking at is this bandwidth, networking bandwidth capability that is in this radio. And the ability to develop a true networked situation awareness environment on the battlefield is of great interest to our customers.
Chris Donaghey: Okay. Great, thanks and good job guys.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Steve Ferranti with Stephens Inc.
Stephen Ferranti: Hi, thank you. Steve Ferranti with Stephens. Congratulations guys on a nice quarter.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Stephen Ferranti: I wonder if you can give us an update on the Consolidated Interim Single Channel Handheld Radio, IDIQ. What kind of activity levels you are seeing there, maybe which branches of the military are most active there?
Howard L. Lance: Well, we announced… we've announced some orders, at least one order in the press release. We see more proposal activity underway. It is primarily... the order we received is primarily Air Force. We expect additional procurements by the Army and perhaps down the road about by the Marine Corp. But, I think the Army is working on some right now.
Stephen Ferranti: Okay. And I guess following up on that, how are you seeing progress in terms of sort of improving your penetration within the U.S. Army and sort of prime [ph] them away from their radio record which [inaudible]?
Howard L. Lance: Well, we were pleased to win the last procurement under that acronym Seizure [ph] contract with the Air Force. We're very optimistic as we go forward with the Army. I don't want to count those orders, Steve, until we receive them. But that contract was set up with a very high ceiling, lots of long term opportunity to do procurements under it and initially there are only two suppliers.
Stephen Ferranti: Okay. And last one from me. Does the weak dollar help you guys in terms of your competitiveness against perhaps the other supplier being that they are a foreign company?
Howard L. Lance: Well, I think in general, the weak dollar helps us in competitiveness abroad. I don't know what percentage of their content is imported. I think most of it is made in the U.S, so I think most of those radios are U.S. dollar based. It’s certainly not helping us in our broadcast business from a cost standpoint in Canada. So our costs are going up in U.S. dollar terms. But we are getting some of the benefit at the sales line internationally and being more competitive against people like Talus and Rohde & Schwarz. So net-net I think it's helping, but I don't think in the radio... the tactical radio procurement area it's a major factor.
Stephen Ferranti: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: From Collins Stewart we will hear from James Mcilree.
James Mcilree: Hi. Thanks. Good evening.
Howard L. Lance: Hi, Jim.
James Mcilree: Yes I don't mean to knit-pick about this because obviously the results are very good. But it seems like every quarter broadcasting like '08 are just a little bit less than expected in the second half will be great. I'm just... I would like to understand why the second half will be better this time around.
Howard L. Lance: Well, I think first of all our track record is that we are making improvements sequentially. I think the problem Jim is we are not achieving the guidance that we provide and that's the risk when you provide guidance. We are disappointed at that but I don't think one should lose confidence or lose prospective relative to sequential improvement. We are frustrated that we don't have as much visibility and headlights on especially the gross margins in those businesses as we seem to have in our others. We are working to try and correct that, but right now it kind of is what it is and rather than expect a lot of improvement in the second half our guidance I think you will find suggesting both of those businesses pretty modest improvement in the second half. And so we are going to work very hard on delivering that and trying to restore our creditability with our shareholders in both of those businesses. Having said that, $5 million in those is not going to move the needle on the company all that much and we are very pleased that in aggregate we continue to meet or exceed the targets that we've set.
James Mcilree: All right. Have you incorporated any sort of economic slowdown into your thinking for the rest of fiscal '08?
Howard L. Lance: No, I don't think we see a lot in the rest of our fiscal year, we have pretty good visibility Jim. I think we'll certainly make sure that we are paying attention to that as we move into fiscal year '09 and certainly to the extent that the U.S. stimulus packages don't take hold. We certainly would share... share concerns about that. The good news though is that in 2008 calendar year with the elections, with the Olympics and the Olympics is helping us in China as well as in the U.S. I think there are some mitigating factors that will help us in broadcast that have quite the same kind of general economic slow down even if there is a slow down in the U.S. Right now CapEx spending in microwave continues to be pretty strong. We are a little concerned in watching as I said this slow down in revenue in Europe, Middle East & Russia. We think that's a few accounts rather than any kind of a general trend. We will be paying close attention to whatever leading indicators we can find on both the commercial businesses but the second half seems to be in pretty good order.
James Mcilree: Okay and last one. Gary, can you give us the ending share count, the shares at the end of the December quarter? And then what would the share count be at the end of March quarter, forget about the buybacks but just what would it be assuming the bonds that are put to you are put to you?
Gary L. McArthur: Basically the share count at the end of the quarter was roughly 137.1 million shares outstanding. We really haven't talked about where the forecast takes us but won't go down that dramatically just from the December quarter to the March quarter based on where our current thinking is on the share buyback. I did mentioned that we may be more aggressive in the [inaudible] accentuate May we haven't decided, we're not happy with where the stock price is at. We had set a plan to buy so many shares back during the year and we may be more aggressive in the third quarter. But right now we wouldn't expect that share count to go down dramatically by a few 100,000 at most between now and March.
James Mcilree: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: At J.P. Morgan, we hear from Joe Nadol.
Joseph Nadol: Good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Nadol: Hi, like to start out on RF. I was just wondering, if you could give, Howard, a little more granularity if at all possible on demand. I guess in the second quarter specifically and we had an absolute blow out first quarter and you indicated the first half was good and I'm wondering what Q2 looks like?
Howard L. Lance: What you mean by demand. Are you talking about orders or revenue?
Joseph Nadol: Orders [ph].
Howard L. Lance: As we said before quarterly orders, I do know much of our view because they come in big chunks, 500 million one quarter and 200 million the next quarter and 400 million in the next quarter. Half year over half year orders were up over the prior year, we think they will be up even more significantly in the second half versus second half last year and we believe we will reach a level where orders meet or exceed our revenue guidance for the year, that puts us in a position to have momentum coming out of the second half with those strong orders as well as excellent backlog to get off to a fast start in fiscal year '09.
Joseph Nadol: And just kind of what I'm getting at is, looking forward into FY '09 I know you gave some pretty specific guidance in the press release, which is double digit growth and yet you had a backlog of about a billion… over billion in the last quarter, I'm assuming it’s right in the same… roughly the same level now. Your sales in this business are approaching $1.5 billion, so you have maybe eight months, nine months of backlog, which it's a fairly short cycle... shorter cycle. I am just wondering what really gives you that visibility, the double digit growth projection FY ’09, how confident are you in that?
Howard L. Lance: Well, we're confident enough to say that's our expectation, it’s not like all of these orders were in-house to deliver all of fiscal year '09 Joe. But we believe, very strongly and very confidently that the drivers that I indicated, which are driving significant quotations and proposals in our pipeline not only from the U.S. and also internationally that that is going to allow us to achieve 10% year-over-year growth in fiscal year '09 or more. Obviously the proof will be in us delivering that, but we place a lot of value on our track record and our consistent performance. I think you have to step back when you think about this business and recognize that our business model gives us a significant competitive advantage. We don't have to wait two years for the Government to decide what the specs are in the next radio and then two more years to provide the funding and then three more years to do the ST&D phase. We are able, we think very successfully to identify where the market is going and to get there ahead of competition with a radio that works, has significant reliability to perform its mission critical function and to therefore create a significant reason like customers, how to buy our radios and we have seen it over and over again during the last several years. So, I believe in our ability to continue that and even though we are a bigger business now in [inaudible] than we were two or three years ago, we significantly expanded the markets that we are serving. And in terms of the VHF, the multi-band hand-held market and now new radios like personal roll radios, high capacity line-of-sight radios and the whole defense systems opportunity. We will be updating the chart that we have been using where we talked about the market expanding to a $6 billion potential and I assure you the next time you see the chart it is going to be larger because we think that the market is growing at an even faster rate than we had expected. We are also very confident in the funding as a lot of speculation out there around funding obviously. We don't submit or approve government budgets. Obviously I have to start with that. But we are listening to our customers. They are telling us that funding is going to continue. We are going to have a supplemental that's going to be approved anytime now. There is going to be, we believe and our customers believe, at the DOD, a supplemental at fiscal year '09. That's going to be required to either fund ongoing troops or to fund reset if troops are dropped down at significant levels. In either case, we think there is going to be significant money available. I don't think a lot of people realize that, there is significant leeway in the spending of these supplemental budgets. They don't have to be spent within the government fiscal year that's a supplemental budget, Spring 2007 supplemental funds. It funds purchases through Harris well through fiscal 2008 and imminent 2008 supplemental therefore is going to fund purchases well into 2009 fiscal year. So our view is that regardless of who is in the White House, who is in congress or the magnitude of troop actions interact which there is a lot of speculation about what will that number be, we just don't think that any of those actions are going to eliminate the need for 2009 supplemental. I am not going to speculate beyond 2009, but we believe strongly that the capabilities our radios are providing is going to cause DOD as well as international customers to put these into their normal budget cycles. Tactical radios is a pretty small number when you consider the size of the overall fundamentals or supplementals that in FY07 for example. The supplemental totaled a $170 billion, less than 5% of that came for tactical radios and most of that was for our competitors’ legacy SINCGARS radio, which we are not getting significant amounts of revenue and we're not counting on huge amounts in our guidance. At some point, we think when the supplemental budgets are folded into the regular budgets, that the customers will use that opportunity to repurpose that funding to more advanced modern future-proof radios. Again we think we have got a good position to benefit from that. So, we can't be precise and we're not going to be precise on exactly what our revenue is going be for every customer and every quarter and every program. But, we have momentum that momentum is not slowing. Our guidance on orders that I just discussed suggests that it's going to be even accelerating in the second half of the year. So, obviously we feel pretty good about our future. We think we are doing more things right than wrong. It does depend on us winning against competition. We don't think in the near-term, it really depends upon funding.
Joseph Nadol: Fair enough. I wasn't trying to pick quarterly numbers, I was just trying to get a sense of [inaudible] that's very helpful, thanks. The only one minor I would ask for, if you can give it on '09, is your gut feel for that double-digit growth, do you feel like domestic will grow faster or more slowly than the international or is it too early really to tell.
Howard L. Lance: We are just beginning that process in fact this week of looking at 2009 and beyond. So I think we will have a lot more color on that in our next call. But we have said in the past, that we expect over the next several years to see a strong growth in both domestic and international markets, but we have said we expect international markets to grow somewhat faster. And... but we will get a chance to talk with our management folks about their view... their current view on that this week and we'll certainly be talking with you all in the next call about them.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From C.L. King we will hear from Barry Harris [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thank you and good evening. To go a bit deeper in terms of the broadcast revenue outlook, is HDTV and the digital transition, I assume that that is driving the decision to go with, I think higher revenue guidance and any commentary you can provide in terms of what's happening in the radio market right now?
Howard L. Lance: Yeah mostly where we have taken our guidance up, compared to our prior view Larry has been in the Video Infrastructure and Digital Media, part of that business. So that is primarily the former leach [ph] technology product line, servers, routers, power distribution amplifiers, graphics, multiviewers, master control systems as well as the video servers. So that's where we continue to see even stronger, very strong growth. Overall, where we will get the pump in the second half in revenue growth though is the turnaround from shrinking in the transmission business in the first half, so starting to see some sequential growth again in the second half. So all in all that that top line profile looks pretty good, lots of order opportunity in the pipeline both domestically and internationally. Several pretty big deals out there that we hope will fall, and more importantly fall to us, as we go forward in the year. We got to get equally robust though on the gross margin line, and if we can do that, then we are going to really like the margins in this business. But we are pretty confident margins should be better in the second half than the first half, and we need to get on track to that double-digit margin return on sales that we have committed to for a while.
Unidentified Analyst: So you're saying the station's upgrading from low power to the full power?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. And the orders have looked really quite good Larry, and there's no one that I have spoken to, who questions the deadline of February '09 being real, there is just no discussion about that. Obviously you heard or read some very good potential coming at our transmission also at the CES show as we talked about mobile television and we're not putting any numbers on that at this point, but we are certainly going to be talking more about that later. I was personally out at that show and personally met with a number of executives and our customer base, and there really is a lot of nice potential in that business for us to capture, in terms of helping customers upgrade, so they can do that, that mobile television broadcasting using there Harris Exciter. So I am cautiously optimistic on that, and we hope to talk to you more with more definitive outlook on that in the coming quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Any comments on the radio market?
Pamela Padgett: The Digital radio.
Howard L. Lance: Oh digital radio, I'm sorry, I'm the only one not understanding your question. No, you know continues to roll out with the stations, but the roll-out continues to be now over a long enough period of time that we are not seen huge year-over-year growth. Our market share seems to be solid, we have put ourselves back in the number 1 position and it’s good business at margins. But it's not going to drive, we don't think this business now that we are at a well over $600 million for the segment. It’s a driver, but it's not a big driver.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Well thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator we have another question we will take it.
Operator: All right. Final question comes from James Mcilree with Collins Stewart.
James Mcilree: You had a $4.2 million in other income this quarter, which is little bit higher than usual, what's... what has happened this quarter, does that go on to the next quarters too?
Gary L. McArthur: Let me answer that Jim, this is Gary. The increase was primarily due to a $5.6 million gain related to a mark-to-market adjustment on warrants of shares to... I should say to acquire authentic shares, and our total share position now in authentic is about $3.6 million. I think total market value at today's prices is roughly $47 million and our carrying cost or our basis is roughly $17 million. So there is about $30 million at current prices where there is a gain in those shares We haven’t made a determination today exactly how we will liquidate that position, but it's fair to say that we won't be long-term holders of the stock and we are going to look at how we best deal with that.
Howard L. Lance: We don't... at this point as warrants, I think the mark-to-market kind of took care of that… that accounting Jim, so we are not expecting significant non-operating income in the second half of the year at this point.
James Mcilree: All right, but you do have a $30 million, if that price stayed the same you'd have a $30 million gain to book at some points?
Howard L. Lance: Yes.
James Mcilree: Right?
Howard L. Lance: That is accurate, yes.
James Mcilree: Okay. And so and just to make sure so the second half other income is somewhere around this $2 million per quarter, $4 million per quarter.
Howard L. Lance: No the second half non-operating income included in today's guidance is essentially zero for the second half coming from non-operating income sources.
James Mcilree: Okay.
Gary L. McArthur: The gain in the second quarter really was a result of this marked-to-market. We did exercise the warrants in the second quarter. So the only income we would have with BSF, is we sold the shares.
James Mcilree: Right, right, okay great. And I am sure Pam has told you about how the markets responded in prior times to using that to make the numbers. So I'm glad it zero in your guidance.
Gary L. McArthur: Understood.
James Mcilree: Okay. Awesome, thanks a lot.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks for asking and allowing us to clarify that our guidance does not include any non-operating income to achieve the increased earnings per share.
Pamela Padgett: Well thank you everyone for joining us and let me know what else I could do for you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome tothe Harris Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Thiscall is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, VicePresident of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead,Ma’am.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you, good afternooneveryone and welcome to Harris’s first quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. I amPamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and CorporateCommunications and on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman,President and CEO; Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief OperatingOfficer; Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. And beforewe get started I am going to say a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of thisteleconference, Howard, Garyor other management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-lookingstatements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could causeactual results to differ materially from those statements. For more informationand a discussion of such assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, please see thepress release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in ourpress release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financialmeasures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciling tothe comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release andon the investor relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. Areplay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section ofour website. And Howard I will turn the callforward to you.
Howard Lance: Thank you, Pam, and welcome againto all of you joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. Fiscal 2008got off to an excellent start. As Harris posted strong revenue and earnings growthin the first quarter. And new orders set the stage for continued growth goingforward. Revenue increased 30%, comparedto the first quarter of last year, to $1.2 billion. Organic revenue growth,excluding the impact of acquisitions, was a strong 13%, and orders in the firstquarter increased 24% from the prior year quarter, to $1.4 billion. Operating performance was alsoexcellent. Non-GAAP net income that is excluding acquisition related costs, was$1.4 million, and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share was $0.76, which was anincrease of 10% from the prior year. But you have to remember the prior yearquarter benefited from a favorable tax settlement of $12 million, or $0.08 pershare. I also want to remind you that oursegment reporting in the first quarter reflects a change relating to ourgovernment businesses. Defense program is now combined with the results of theRF Communications Division in a segment renamed Defense Communications andElectronics. We filed the Form 8-K onSeptember 11 which provided historical financial results for the newlyconfigured segments by quarter for those fiscal years 2006 and 2007. This newsegment reporting reflects how we are operating the businesses to take fulladvantage of synergies across a broad spectrum of global defense communicationsmarket opportunities. For example, in fiscal 2007 welaunched our international systems growth initiative to leverage our systemsintegration expertise and the RF Communications Division international dealerorganization. This new initiative has created $1 billion international systemsopportunity pipeline, and it's also spurned new integrated communicationsolutions for Harris, such as our recently introduced Border Security Shelter. Let's now move on to the segmentresults for the first quarter. In the Defense Communications Electronicsegment, which again includes RF Communications Division in the Defense programsbusiness. First quarter revenue increased by 13% to $429 million, operatingincome increased 21% to $132 million, or about 31% of sales. Margins for RF Communicationsproducts were a bit higher than the previous year quarter, and slightly aboveour fiscal 2008 guidance, due to a favorable mix of high margin, Falcon IIshipments that we had in the quarter. RF Communications revenueincreased 20% compared to the prior year quarter. Demand for Harris tacticalradios was strong in both our domestic and international markets, and acrossall product lines including the Falcon II and new Falcon III radio systems.Backlog for RF Communications increased in the quarter, to a record high ofabout $1 billion. During the quarter, Harrisreceived $26 million in new orders for the Navy's Mine Resistant AmbushProtected or MRAP vehicles. Brining our total orders to-date for the Navy andMarine Corps to $145 million, and Harris HF and multi-band radios will be usedon many of the MRAP vehicles for the Army. In fact, we received our first Army MRAPorder in the quarter for $20 million, and an $8 million order was receivedafter the quarter ended. The MRAP vehicle programs represent an excellentgrowth opportunity for us going forward. These vehicles are receiving priorityfunding from the Pentagon at the direction of Secretary Defense Gates. Our Falcon tactical radio suiteis sole sourced on both the Navy and Marine Corps vehicles. And our new FalconIII vehicular grab-and-go configuration, which provides two handheld radios,allows for continuous communications when they're removed from the vehicle. Andthat's an important capability in urban environments, which fixed amount,legacy radios can't offer. So in total, we booked $173million in MRAP orders so far. We believe that the potential opportunity acrossDoD could amount to an additional $500 million in future tactical radio ordersfor Harris, as some 22,000 MRAP vehicles are ultimately deployed. Demand alsoremains robust across a broader range of U.S. DoD and international customers.Production continues to ramp up for our next generation Falcon III radios. During the quarter, we receivednew orders for Falcon III multi-band handhelds from the U.S. Army and Navy, aswell as from the governments of France,Spain and Denmark. The$212 million tactical handheld radio contract award from the Marine Corps andthe $158 million order that we received under that contracts so far was a keywin for us. We have now shipped about 21,000Falcon III radios, since the introduction of the new product. We are also verypleased with the rollout of other products, aimed at further increasing ouraddressable market size. The Falcon III multi-band, man-pack radio shouldreceive NSA type 1 certification by the end of this calendar year. We believethe Falcon III man-pack will be the first JTRS compatible radio deployed withwideband networking capability and certified by NSA. During some recent field trialsthe Falcon III man-pack is really illustrating how wideband networkingcapabilities can address the very demanding mission requirements of today andnot have to wait until year's in the future when JTRS programmed radios mightbegin production. The Falcon III man-pack underwentextensive testing at Fort Worth, Texas and White  Sands Missile Range, New Mexicoin September. During these exercises, multipleradios were used in both fixed and mobile ad hoc networking applications toevaluate potential enhancements to the communications network currently used onthe army patriot missile system. Also our new high capacity lineof sight broadband Ethernet radio has been well received with new contractstotaling $10 million from the Army and Marine Corps received during the quarter.These radios provide ground troops the ability to send secure highband widthdata between command posts and forward operating basis at data rate in excess of80 million bits per second. Turning to international. Ourinternational business activity also remained very robust for RF Com. International orders during thequarter included: the Algerian Army, the United Arab Emirates Royal Guards, andthe governments of Saudi Arabiaand Kazakhstan. During the quarter, Harris wasalso awarded a $76 million contract to supply the government of Pakistan withFalcon II HF radios. And an important milestone was reached during the quarterin our pursuit of the potential $96 million order from the Republic of the Philippines, asa Letter of Offer and Acceptance was executed by their Ministry of Defense. Let's turn now to the Defense Programsbusiness first quarter revenue in our Defense Programs business declined 3%year-over-year. With growth in communications and networking systems offset bydeclines in air craft electronics. Revenue increased on severalimportant programs the CDL Hawklink program for the U.S. Navy, the U.S. Army WIN-Tprogram, the LMST SATCOM program for the Marine Corps, and the MIDS terminalsprogram which applies to many Department of Defense aircraft. On the flip side, the Avionicsrevenue decline was primarily timing related and is due to the transition ofthe F-35 Lightning from the systems design and development phase, moving intolow rate initial production phase. New contracts won in the quarterincluded a $30 million follow-on program to supply fiber optic networkcomponents for the F-22A Raptor and a $9 million contract from the Navy tosupply digital map computers for military jet aircraft and helicopters. At MILCOM 2007, the militarycommunications exhibition held earlier this week in Orlando, Harris featured a number ofimportant new products and capabilities that enable interoperablecommunications within all layers of the DoD global information grid. In addition to our Falcontactical radios, we highlighted the new Harris highband networking radio. Thisrevolutionary product is the first to provide wireless long range highbandwidth communications on the move for the U.S. Military. The radio uses a Harrisdeveloped waveform that enables the network to automatically select the bestcommunication's path available. Also at the show, we featured DigitalAsset Management Solutions from our Broadcast Division that provide ourgovernment customers capabilities for the secure storage and distribution ofdata, imagery, maps and, video direct to the war fighter. Harris was very proudto service industry host this year for MILCOM the largest International MilitaryCommunications' event. Let me turn to GovernmentCommunication Systems segment. First quarter revenue in this segment rose 43%to $490 million, benefiting from our acquisition of Multimax in June of 2007.Our organic growth was also a very strong 16% in the quarter. Operating income was $43 millionin the quarter compared, to $32 million in the prior year; income benefitedfrom the strong organic revenue growth, the contribution of the Multimaxacquisition, and successful renegotiation of pricing on one of our long-term ITservices contracts. Unfortunately, these verypositive results in the segment in the quarter were offset by additionalcharges related to cost and schedule overruns on fixed price commercialreflective programs. As a result, operating margin was about 9% of sales in thequarter a bit below the operating margin we expect for this segment. Now let me go into a little moredetail on the nature and skill for the continuing issues with the CommercialReflective programs. We have a total of 10 commercial reflectors under contractat various points in the development and production queue, each of which isutilizing new design features that improve the reflectors performance and space. During the quarter, weunfortunately failed critical test on the first of the reflectors underdevelopment. Failure on the vibration and deployment test required additionalengineering design changes, additional materials, additional testing and led tofurther production delays. The good news is that the first reflector wasfinally shipped to the customer in October for the spacecraft integrationphase. We are on schedule to make thelaunch date in January. This shipment was a significant milestone as it meantthat the new designs had finally passed our very rigorous testing. However, thedesign changes and delays further increased our expected cost at completion onthe reflector programs. As we did in the fourth quarterof fiscal 2007, we evaluated and updated the expected cost of completion oneach of the reflectors under contract during the quarter, considering all ofthe known risks. As a result of this assessment, we incurred a $24 millionadditional charge for cost overruns, which is included in the governmentcommunication systems segment results in the quarter. Those of you who follow ourcompany, know that this is not typical of our program performance andexecution. Our 30 year track record is unmatched in designing and building,satellite reflectors both government and commercial contracts, we clearlyunderestimated the complexities and costs associated with implementing the newdesign features. Our computer simulations and models did not scale as we movedinto production of the much larger reflectors using the new design features Let me try to anticipate one ofyour questions. Will Harris incur any additional charges on the reflectorsunder contract yet to be delivered? It’s a very good question. The answer isthe additional $24 million in expected costs that we have booked in the firstquarter does anticipate extra costs for resolving known problems and knownrisks in the continued development and production of the remaining reflectors. So we should be financiallycovered to the extent that the remaining reflectors share the same issues asthe first one. We may not be fully covered if new issues were to emerge that wehave not seen before Recent performance aside thespace antenna business has historically been a very profitable and a very goodbusiness for Harris we are clearly the market leader. Over the past five years we'veshipped some $240 million on reflectors at an average operating margin of 14%and these include costs plus and fixed price contracts. We are committed to getting ourreflector business performance back on track. We believe that the commercialmarket is going to be particularly robust over the next five years with apotential of $500 million in new opportunities out there driven primarily byrecapitalization of the GO segment of the satellite market. It’s important to remember thatthe vast majority of the Government Communications Systems business is veryhealthy and growing and produce better than expected results in the quarter.Organic revenue drivers included continued excellent progress on our long-termintegration and services contracts including the field data collectionautomation program for the U.S. Census Bureau. The FAA Telecommunications Infrastructureprogram and the Patriot program for the National Reconnaissance Office. Revenue drivers also included afollow-on contract to provide custom display terminals for the FAA, voice switchingand control systems program. Our National Intelligence business within thissegment secured new wins in the quarter totaling $175 million in program value. This business area posted itsfourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. The Multimaxacquisition was a strong contributor in the quarter. With contract such as the Navy,Marine Corps Intranet program, and the NETCENTS program for the U.S. Air Force. The integration of Multimax isright on plan, and our expanded list of government wide acquisition contractsis providing Harris with access to a number of important new opportunities. ITservice wins in the quarter included the ALLIANT program for the U.S. General ServicesAdministration. This is a very large ten year IDIQ contract with a $50 billion (ceiling).We also won a $25 million IDIQ contract with U.S. Navy for IT services. An $11million program with Nova and a follow-on IT services contract with the Armyfor $8 million. In summary, the GovernmentCommunication Systems segment effectively serves a large and growing set ofcustomers and programs with consistently high levels of program execution. Customer satisfaction andHarris's reputation are solid. The commercial reflects cost overruns arecertainly disappointing. But they have been absorbed in segment profitabilityshould improve going forward. Revenue in the Broadcast Communicationssegment in the first quarter was $147 million, year-over-year increase of 5%.Excluding revenue in the prior year quarter from the radio resale businesswhich we existed, would give you a revenue growth calculation of about 7%. Wesee continuing strength and demand for our industry leading infrastructuresystems that enabled digital content management, and high definitionbroadcasting. Operating income in the quarter increased to $10 million, 18%higher than the prior year. As we saw the benefits from cost reduction actionscompleted in the second half of fiscal 2007. Double-digit revenue growthcontinued in the video infrastructure, and Digital Media business area, whichincludes products like routers, master control, networking, test andmeasurement equipment, servers and graphics. Software Systems revenue was slightlyhigher in the quarter, while revenue in Transmission Systems once again waslower than the prior year. This time, due to lower international analog transmittershipments. Year-over-year sales of digital transmitters, actually increased inthe first quarter, as broadcasters are finally beginning to be prepared for theFebruary 2009 FCC mandated transition to digital transmission. Orders in the segment were higherthan revenue, and included major new business, from customers like SonyEntertainment Television. They already use our H-Class suite of businesssoftware to manage sales, advertising and programming across all of theirworldwide properties. Nexstar Broadcasting Group, selected the Harris OSi-Trafficapplication for their 49 stations. We've received an order to upgrade theAmerican Forces Network to deliver expanded entertainment in news content to 1million U.S.troops deployed around the word. At the Public Broadcasting Systemnetwork in Alexandria Virginia, Harris NEXIO Servers will be usedto rollout their HD services. Our system will encode programming at PBS andtransfer files across satellite and fiber networks to every PBS member stationacross the country. We were also selected to supplyinfrastructure for new Digital Signage Systems for the Venetian Resort Hotel inMacao. Andthe Saudi Arabia., Ministry of Culture and Information placed a major orderwith us for their facilities in rehab that include our complete high definitionproduct portfolio. The competitive advantage createdby the breath of our systems and software capabilities across the broadcastmarket we think it's quite evident in many of these new wins. Harris really isthe one company in the market capable of delivering interoperable workflowsolutions spanning the entire broadcast delivery chain, supporting thetransition of digital and high-definition broadcast services. We introduced some important newproducts in the quarter and broadcast, including the NEXIO, AMP or advancedmedia platform server, which dramatically expands the functionality a videoplay-out servers and provides a foundation for our scalable, end-to-end,high-definition or standard definition solution. We also shipped our first Centriomulti-viewer. This is a new product category for Harris. Multi-viewers are usedto streamline, complex multi-channel image monitoring applications. Orders werevery strong in the first quarter and Centrio revenues expected to increase inthe second quarter. And let me finally move on to theresults of Harris Stratex Networks, their management will host a conferencecall to discuss first quarter results and outlook in more detail immediatelyafter our call beginning at 5:30 pm Eastern Time. First quarter revenue for HarrisStratex was $172 million increase of 7% compared to the prior year quarter on apro forma basis that is if we had the business combination at the beginning offiscal 2007. Non-operating income was $7million in the first quarter about flat with the prior year. A higher mix oflower margin low capacity radio shipments in the quarter dampened operatingresults. Orders were once again higherthan revenue and reflect a strong demand for Harris Stratex wireless productsand systems across both the North American and international markets. The adoption of IP based networksis also beginning to generate new demand as operators around the globe driveconvergence of their voice and data networks to provide new communicationservices at lower costs. Harris Stratex Networks has abroad product portfolio and is well positioned to support both traditional andIP based network traffic. Improvement in orders and revenue in the quarter indicatesthat recent changes in the sales organization are beginning to yield results. Integration activities andexpense reductions are on plan. Management remains very focused on growing thetop line and delivering in the cost synergies in order to improve futureoperating performance even further. Let me now hand the call over toHarris' Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternooneveryone. The company's strong financial foundation and expected strong cashflow generation will enable us to continue to invest in internal growthinitiatives and strategic acquisitions, pay dividends and repurchase stock. EBITDA on a non-GAAP basiscontinued to be very strong increasing in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 to$214 million, or 31%. Net operating working capital as a percent of revenueincreased from 11.7% to 12.6%, primarily as a result of the acquisition ofMultimax. Cash, cash equivalence and short-terminvestments were $359 million as of the quarter just ended. Cash flow generatedfrom operating activities was $64 million in the quarter as compared to $54million in the prior year quarter. First quarter operating cash flow istraditionally our lowest quarter and non-indicative of cash flow for the entireyear as a result of payments in the quarter of our annual incentive bonuses andprofit sharing contributions that are tied to the results of the previousfiscal year. Our expectations for cash flowfrom operations for fiscal 2008 continued to be in the range of $550 million to$600 million. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter increasedfrom 27 million in Q1 of 2007 to 42 million for Q1 of fiscal 2008. Primarily due to the increase inproperty plan equipment and identifiable intangible assets resulting from theHarris Microwave combination with Stratex networks and the acquisition ofMultimax, depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2008 is expected to bebetween $165 million and $175 million. Capital expenditures includingcapitalized software in the first quarter as compared to the prior year firstquarter decreased slightly from $35 million-$33 million. Our guidance forfiscal year 2008 for capital expenditures remains at between $140 million and$150 million. Our outlook for the full year taxrate for fiscal 2008,continues to be at 34%, noting that the tax rate for anygiven quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events.Regarding our capital structure, in July we initiated the steps necessary toredeem the $140 million of outstanding 3.5% convertible debt. Resulting inessentially all of the debentures being converted into $6.6 million shares ofcommon stock, on August 28, 2007, we redeemed the remaining $3000 of principalamount of debentures that were not converted. As you will recall, we funded the$400 million purchase price of Multimax with commercial paper backed by our$500 million credit facility. Our intent remains to refinance the $400 millionwith longer-term fixed rate debt prior to the end of this calendar year mostlikely in mid November. During the first quarter, we repurchased nearly $900,000shares of our common stock and the average price including commissions of$56.67 per share. Repurchases to date under our $600 million program totaled$250 million, leaving us with the remaining authorization to repurchase ourcommon stock of $300 million. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Thanks, Gary. Let me conclude my prepared remarks bysummarizing our updated financial outlook for fiscal 2008. As you saw in ourpress release, we've increased non-GAAP earnings guidance for fiscal year '08from a previous range of $3.30-$3.40 pre- diluted share to a new range of $3.35-$3.45per share. As a result of stronger than excepted revenue and profitability inDefense Communications and Electronics segment, midpoint of the new guidancerepresents year-over-year EPS growth were about 21%. Revenue for the year is expectedto also increase in a range of about 21% above 2008, with strong organic growthin the range of 9%-11% higher than last year. We expect to achieve our revenuegrowth in each operating segment. Let me summarize those for you. We expect 15%-17% organic growthin Defense Communication and Electronics, driven by RF Communications growth ofabout 20%. We expect 28%-30% growth in government communication systems,reflecting 6% to 8% underlying organic growth plus the contribution of theMultimax acquisition. We expect 5%-10% organic growth in Broadcast Communicationsand we calculate that by excluding about $19 million in revenue from fiscal2007 attributed to the exceeded radio resale business. And we expect revenue of$670 million-$700 million for the year at Harris Stratex networks consistentwith our previous outlook. Turning to our expectations forsegment operating margins, we expect about 28% of sales in DefenseCommunications and Electronics. With the RF Communications Division that's partof that segment at about 33%, again consistent with our previous guidance We expect operating margins ofabout 9%-11% of sales in Government Communication Systems, which includesabsorbing the lower operating margin we experience in the first quarter as aresult of the reflector programs costs increases. We continue to expect 10%-12%sales operating margins of Broadcast Communications, and about 10% of sales inHarris Stratex Networks. We believe that all adds up toanother very strong year of expected growth and financial performance for thecompany At this point I’ll ask theoperator to open the line and we'll take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The question-and-answersession will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). And we'lltake our first question, which will come from Carter Copeland from LehmanBrothers.
Carter Copeland: Good evening.
Howard Lance: Hello, Carter.
Carter Copeland: I wanted to ask very brieflyabout the IDIQ contract with one of the (inaudible) program office. I saw thetwo recent past quarters were issued under there for Talus. Were thosecompetitively bid, and were you in there or hoping to win any of those, or anycolor there would be great.
Howard Lance: Yeah. The answer would be yes, wewere in there; yes we had hoped to win. This is the first competitiveprocurement under that task order. It’s fair to say it was very competitive,especially from a pricing standpoint. We are up against some challenges becauseof the fact that the army has been utilizing Talus and their incumbenciesrelatively strong. We didn't expect to win the first one, as you see from ourincreased guidance; we really didn't have it baked it into plan for the year. So, we know that thesecompetitive procurements, especially where you had very interest incumbents,are going to take a while for them to see the benefits but we were pleased tobe a part of the procurement there will be more and I am confident we are goingto win a portion of that business overtime.
Carter Copeland: So these are -- the each taskorder is different, is basically what you are saying?
Howard Lance: That...
Carter Copeland: …in terms of cost being moreentrenched in the case of this most recent one.
Howard Lance: Well, when I say…what I mean…isthat at the Army, Talus has been the supplier of handhelds for a long time.Look over at the Marine Corps. On the other hand, we won sole source for this$212 million ceiling contract in the same kind of competition. So, it's clearthat the Army continues to take the route of being more interested in theincumbent supplier. We think we offer significantlymore functionality in our product, and that does require a modest premium. Atthis point they've gone with the low price supplier. Again, on all of thesecontracts, we think they're going to be many more procurements. We are verypleased now to have these vehicles in place where we are guaranteed to be ableto compete. Prior to this they were also sourced from Talus, so we are takingsome solace in being in the game at this point.
Carter Copeland: Of course, thank you very much,Howard.
Operator: Our next question comes from JoeNadol from JP Morgan.
Joe Nadol: Thanks good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hi, Joe.
Joe Nadol: Hi, Howard. On the (Gulfcom) segment,there was $24 million in overrun. You came pretty close to what we would haveexpected on the operating income lines. Despite that, I am wondering how bigwas the pricing, I guess benefit from the IT contract that was mentioned in thetaxed year? And was there anything else going on in the quarter?
Howard Lance: Yeah. As we thought about, it is avery good question, because we did have a pretty good quarter--in spite oftaking this $24 million in charges. In aggregate I would probably tell youthere was probably $16 million-17 million benefit on the flip side coming froma combination of some end of year procurement up sides where we have got someorders at the end of the government fiscal year you are using available fundsunder these various IDIQ contracts we have. We did note the catch up profitfrom renegotiation of contract pricing on one of our major IT servicescontracts, can't go into the detail because it's a confidential contract, butthat was a major number. We also had some good award fees on several close outsin the quarter on programs across the government communication systems space.So, depending on how you want to look at it we were able to absorb this cost,on the flipside we would have done better obviously if we haven't had to takethese charges. But it does speak a bit to diversification that we have in thesegment, but does that give you a sense of the color around the offsets therethat help to make up…
Joe Nadol: Yeah, that’s very helpful. Secondquestion is on the MRAP side. It's pretty helpful that you had to kind ofquantify the opportunity. I am just wondering sort of more qualitatively youhave, the…I think…173 million of orders so far--you mentioned there is other500 opportunity. Is that expected future booking or is, I mean, how much ofthat 500 do you really feel highly confident and how much is a little bit moreof a reach? But may be -- I guess, something is specifically but the Armyvehicles were its a little tougher for you guys to break in. How much of that500 is Army versus sea Marine and other services?
Howard Lance: I don't have that particular splitat my finger tips, what I can tell you is that, we are basing the $500 millionopportunity on of that 22,000 total vehicles procured, but about 17,000 or15,000 have been essentially funded at this point. But we think there are goingto be request to fund about another 7000. So, I wanted you to know what arebasis is for total vehicle production. We are assuming that we are going tomaintain our sole source position for the whole suite on the Marine Crops andthe Navy. And we are assuming a factored amount of business that would comealong from the Army will of course get whatever HF they put in the vehicles, wewill get. We probably won't get much of the VHF and we'll probably get aportion of the multi-band. So, we factor all of that in and a round number is,we feel pretty comfortable eventually, but we should be able to book $500million in orders that assumes obviously the funding is maintained and so onand so forth and it really do 22,000 units. I can't tell you what the timingwill be on that. What I will tell you is that, we don't really have any of thatadditional in our guidance for this year as revenue. So, if we do getadditional orders and have very short turnaround which show this is a very highpriority project, subject to our production capacity we are putting onadditional capacity in the second half of the year to break up any bottlenecksthat we have but subject to that one caveat we would have some upside if we getadditional material and ramp orders that about what we already have for thisfiscal year.
Joe Nadol: It seems like with the $1 billionbacklog I am surprised you didn’t raise your RF plus forecast a little moregiven the backlog and then the other opportunities you mentioned the MRAP andalso on the international stuff you were talking but haven't been booked yet,so I am wondering why you didn't bring apple a bit more?
Howard Lance: Well I’ll it chalk it up to myconservative nature that all this is still not booked, we did about 20%year-over-year as we sat on our ramp in the first quarter We feel prettycomfortable that is sustainable throughout the year but we are ramping up thefactory pretty fast more than our capacity I worry occasionally about oursupply chain capacity and we don’t want to be in a position where an importantpart of our company profitability gets estimated beyond what we know we candeliver.
Joe Nadol: Okay, thank you.
Howard Lance: You are welcome, thanks.
Operator: We now move on to Steve Ferrantiwith Stephens Incorporated.
Steve Ferranti: Thank you. Good evening, andcongratulations on a great quarter, guys.
Howard Lance: Hi, Steve. Thank you.
Steve Ferranti: I wonder if we can delve a littlebit more into the capacity situation at RF Communications. Can you sort ofquantify for us in terms of where we are today in capacity? Any metrics you canprovide? That would be great; and where you are heading, and maybe how much ofthis future demand you see might be done at Rochester?
Howard Lance: You know, overall, we havecapacity, and I talked in numerous quarterly calls about how we've addedcapacity--so it’s not an overall capacity issue we have some bottlenecks onindividual lines it's impossible to be precise about the forecast and theactual product line by product line subassembly by subassembly. And again, thesame is true of our supply chain, Bob Henry and his team have a lot a workgoing on right now on the supply chain to make sure there aren't any bottlenecksout there, but clearly without coding a number we want to be in a position toadd 25%, 35% more output than we delivered in the first quarter as quickly aswe can. And those are the kind of numbersyou'll get to when you look at 20% year-over-year growth that's in ourguidance. So in the not too distant future, we will be producing primarily the Rochester factory at overtwice the revenue that we are producing at six to seven quarters ago. So that'sa pretty monumental feed and our operations teams doing an outstanding job. Sodon't be concerned that there are huge limits to capacity but it's really morecase of dealing now with bottlenecks and also dealing with customersrequirements shifting them all around when we get MRAP orders as we have thelast quarter those have the highest government priority and we've got to moveothers things out of the way. So we are dealing with lots ofins and outs. So not a concern, but I wanted to mention that we are bringing anadditional capacity and again it's in that 25%-35% kind of overall capacityvery quickly.
Steve Ferranti: Okay, that's helpful thanks. Andone last one for me--so given the strong backlog you've got in RF Com today,how do you feel your visibility is at this point in the year compared with sayprevious years it seems like given a backlog and so given the growth estimateswe've got it seems to me stronger than normal visibility in this segment. Iwonder if you can sort of comment on that?
Howard Lance: I think for the rest of thisfiscal year we have good visibility. I think that again we are prettycomfortable that we're going to be at least 20% higher in revenue than lastyear, and as the next quarter proceeds we would love nothing more than tocontinue to increase that guidance, but we still need to book some more ordersfor this year as a whole year isn't locked up yet, and we'll continue to drivenot just for this year but for all of our sales people who are listening to thecall, we want to drive future growth for next year as well. So, we are focusedon not only getting this backlog up, by keeping the backlog up where it is. Iam very pleased to say that the pipeline is there to allow that, not only withDoD programs like MRAP are obviously helping. You heard me talk about many ofthe international pursuits they are still looking very good, and again Icontinue to be very optimistic about the long-term potential of theinternational systems business, which will bring along radios, and integrationsolutions from our Defense Programs area.
Steve Ferranti: Okay, that’s all I have, thankyou and congratulations again.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from TedWheeler with Buckingham Research.
Ted Wheeler: Hi, good afternoon.
Howard Lance: Hey, Ted.
Ted Wheeler: Howard just on the guidance,another point, the Defense Communications 28% margin, I guess I noticed that’sdown a little bit from last year, your first quarter was up. I guess RF Com mayhave a little unusually good back end of last year, but is there anything elsein the segment that in Defense Programs, its depressing margins, and if thereis, could you kind of walk us through the timing of when that may change?
Howard Lance: Ted, the margins for this segmentI really over overwhelmingly impacted by what you see in the margins are in theRFPs, because it's a vast majority of the revenue and profitability in DefenseCommunications. We ran last year in the second half of fiscal '07, almost 35%ROS, we provided guidance this year of 33%, largely as a result. And again I amtalking RF Communications guidance largely as a result of increase shipments ofthe Falcon III products, which as they start their life are lower margin thanHF radios, both as a result of them being small handheld radios and because weare fairly young in our production cycle. We did a little better than that 33%in the first quarter, but we are still right now calling for about 33% for theyear-end total. So, the reason that the segment total at around 28% would beslightly behind last year, I have in on my charted it about 29% of thissegment, apples-to-apples both year about a percent lower would be because ofprimarily the lower RF margins. Defense Programs margin continue to be aboutthe same as they were last year, round about the mid-teens.
Ted Wheeler: And probably staying that way fora while?
Howard Lance: Yeah, I don't see a lot ofthings, so they are going to change that, we have new programs coming on thatare lower than that, but we have other programs going into production. Bob, ifyou want to jump in. Production programs we tended to do a little better thanthat.
Bob Henry: Yeah, especially on the Avionicsside of the house and we expect that they were to come back over the nextcouple of quarters.
Gary McArthur: You know, this is a pretty lowquarter for Avionics as I indicated in my remarks, Ted.
Ted Wheeler: Okay. And that might be a bit ofthe margin lift, you said, it comes about?
Gary McArthur: Yeah. I think that will, thatgives us confident in on the second half, that we will certainly meet theguidance on operating margin in the segment that we're talking about.
Ted Wheeler: There was one other question Ihad and I might not have gotten everything correct as you answered a little bitquickly, but I think you mentioned in the IT services area and IDIQ opportunitywas a $50 billion ceiling?
Gary McArthur: Yeah that program is called ALLIANT.And ALLIANT was awarded to a relatively large number of contractors; Harris wasone of those this has been on our pursued list as a important win for sometime. Ted Hengst and his team weresuccessful in getting us one of those contract awards and it’s through the GSAthat it literally has tentacles out to almost every agency in the FederalGovernment can buy IT products and services on ALLIANT. So not only will this be avehicle for things that we can do directly but it will be a vehicle for otherpartner companies that want to use us as a conduit to the customer, Bob,anything you want to add on that?
Bob Henry: Yeah. The use of the othercompanies using that vehicle is something that the Multimax had--and they havea site of it, website that the people can go through to do that and that’s beenquite successful, so that was one of the reasons that we looked at Multimax andclose on that acquisition.
Gary McArthur: The future in this IT servicesbusiness is very much this large IDIQ contract vehicles and if you are not avehicle yourself directly as a prime you have to go through other people andthe margins frankly are less attractive. I am sorry here is the case where wepicked up a number of these prime positions with the Multimax acquisition butwe actually concurrent with doing that acquisition we won our own on theALLIANT program and I think it will be a strong vehicle for us going forward.
Ted Wheeler: Just kind of gradually buildover…
Gary McArthur: Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. AndI couldn’t tell you for example in the quarter what our revenue under ALLIANTwas. I don't honestly know, I doubt that it was too material in the firstquarter, but I think overtime I mean I literally and MILCOM I had the benefitof sitting with CIOs from the Intel community from the DoD community and thisis clearly where you want to be in terms of growing your day to day servicesbusiness with task orders and one thing Multimax brought to the party is this webportal that Bob spoke of as well as a wonderful proposal center where they canvery quickly provide quotes on a variety or services almost like off of a pricelist and frankly we are learning how they do that and we are incorporating thatin rest of our IT services business there are quite good at that.
Ted Wheeler: That was a good nice win. Thanks.
Gary McArthur: Thank you.
Operator: We now move onto Larry Harrisfrom Oppenheimer.
Larry Harris: Yes, thank you andcongratulations on the international Falcon III win.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Larry Harris: With respect to broadcast, if youcan just give us a little more update in terms of the station upgrades of lowto full power and right now. What's the approximate business mix withinbroadcast relative to say transmitters versus video infrastructure versussoftware?
Howard Lance: I will have to ask Gary to maybe look that upwhile we are talking and I have that in front of me in terms of the mix in thequarter we can give you some approximate numbers here in a second. The thing Iwant to takeaway I think in the broadcast segment Larry is we are continuing tosee double-digit growth in the video infrastructure and digital mediabusinesses all of those different kinds of products that are enabling ourcustomers to make the transition to manage digital content and broadcast in HD.It's the majority of the revenue and it's grown at double-digit rates. Now, I think for something on theorder of 8 quarters in a row doesn’t appear to be slowing. Tim Thorsteinson hadjust come back from trips to Europe. He was inAsia in the quarter, and the international way we continue to think asfollowing a year or two behind the U.S. adoption. So, we feel like wegot a good growth potential for the bulk of this segment for sometime to come. On software we had been negativefor a couple of quarters. This quarter was barely positive, but it wasn’t adrain. That was good to see, continuing to get some new wins, but we continueto struggle in software with our rental model wear. We get this contract withSony, or with BSkyB or with Nexstar Communications, and maybe it's a five yearcontract and we recognized the revenue over five year's rather than all itonce. So we are not expecting a lot of growth there. For several quarters, it wasDigital TV that was down year-over-year. This quarter Digital TV actually waspositive slightly. We think that’s encouraging, we had some success in pullingin some customers who wanted to take their transmitters in fiscal year '09, andwe have said we got the capacity it's really use it or loose it. So, the teamhas done a good job in pulling some of that in the fiscal year '08, but wedidn’t have the same level of international analog revenue, so that was whatcreated at down growth year-over-year with regard to transmission. So, that’skind of color around it. Garyyou want to give some general range of the kind of how the 100% of the revenuewould broadcast split between our three pieces.
Gary McArthur: Sure. In '08 transmission revenuefor the first quarter is approximately 25%, our software business is inadditional 25% and the infrastructure and digital media business is theremaining 50%.
Howard Lance: So, it's a majority the businessand as a way it's growing those percentages for the digital infrastructure andmedia business going to get larger as we go forward.
Larry Harris: Alright. Well, thank you verymuch.
Howard Lance: Okay. Thank you, Larry.
Pamela Padgett: Hey, Tiffany. We will take onereally quick question. I know we have others in the queue, but I can't line upagainst a Harris Stratex call.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. Our finalquestion of the day will come from Chris Donaghey, with SunTrust Robinson and Humphrey.
Chris Donaghey: Hi. Good evening, guys--andagain, good quarter. Howard, I wonder if you can help me understand theseasonality of this new segment. About my calculation, this was the firstsequential decline in RF Communications from the fourth quarter to the firstquarter with the segment itself doing about 13% total growth. So, can you justhelp me understand the sequential or the seasonality of this business has astructure not going through the rest of '08? And also, if you can help on themargin side as well the seasonality and the margins through the year?
Howard Lance: Well, the second question first,there really shouldn't be any appreciable seasonality, normally what's going togive us a little seasonality in the backend of this year on margin is the mixof Falcon III as its ramps up, slightly lower margin. And that's why we areholding at a 33% operating margin guidance for RF for the year, even though westarted on the first quarter little higher. In terms of your sequential point,I think it’s accurate that we had just very slight sequential declined in RFfrom the fourth quarter than the first quarter, we use to always have andthat’s it only been in recent years that we haven't. I wouldn’t draw a wholelot of conclusion from that. We have a very strong yearin-and-out and clearly we're going to have a very strong second half as we didlast year. So, I think that there’s not going to be a lot of appreciableseasonality differences but there is a little more in the second half orramping up in the capacity as I said. So as a general statement, the increasedguidance that we've given on EPS I see most of that I guess at the mid-pointadditional nickel really coming most of it in the second half of the year as aresult of much higher production in shipments in Defense Communications as wellas continued growth in Broadcast and Harris Stratex in the second half.
Chris Donaghey: Okay great. Thank you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Okay, thank you.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you everyone we appreciateyour time again.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Pamela A. Padgett: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Harris Corporation's fourth quarter fiscal 2007 conference call. I am Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. And on the call with me today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO; Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. A few words about forward-looking statements: In the course of this teleconference Howard, Gary, or other management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements. For more information on discussion of such assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition, in our press release and on this teleconference we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And, Howard, with that I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you, Pam, and welcome to all of you joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Harris posted solid results in the quarter across all of our segments; ending the year with record orders, excellent backlog and a robust opportunity pipeline. Revenue was $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 22% compared to $1 billion in the prior year quarter. Organic revenue growth was 13% in the quarter driven by our government segments. Non-GAAP net income was $99 million or $0.71 per diluted share, slightly ahead of our expectations. And the $1.4 billion in new orders in our fourth quarter was a record, positioning us for a very successful fiscal 2008. Fiscal 2007 full-year results were indicative of the strong year in both government segments with our commercial segments finishing the year with positive momentum. Revenue for fiscal 2007 was $4.2 billion, an increase of 22% compared to fiscal 2006. Non-GAAP net income for the year increased 26% to $391 million and non-GAAP earnings were $2.80 per diluted share. Revenue from new products introduced within the last three year was an important contributor to revenue growth, comprising 31% of total revenue in fiscal 2007 compared to 21% of revenue in fiscal 2006. Our increasing investments in R&D are producing a larger number of new product introductions which are improving our competitive position as well as reducing product costs. The Government Communication Systems segment had excellent growth in the quarter, revenue was $554 million a 15% year-over-year increase. Contribution from the recently completed Multimax acquisition was $9 million in the quarter, so organic growth was about 13%. Each of the Government systems business areas posted revenue growth in the quarter compared to the prior year quarter: Defense, Civil, National Intelligence, and Harris Information Technology Services. For the full year organic growth for the segment was 10%. We were pleased to see continued momentum from our National Intelligence customers as we achieved our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth. We also started several new classified programs and technical studies during the quarter. Major revenue growth drivers in the quarter included the Federal Aviation Administration Telecommunication Infrastructure program, the Field Data Collection Automation program for the US Census Bureau, the Patriot IT Services program for National Reconnaissance Office, the CDL Hawklink program for the Navy, the MIDS Terminal program, and the F-22 Aircraft program. Operating income for Government Communication Systems was $53 million in the fourth quarter and this included absorbing $16 million in cost overruns on the commercial satellite antenna program, which I discussed during our call on May 31. We believe that the expected cost and completion on this program are now pretty well understood. The first antenna is scheduled to be delivered in August with the remaining three scheduled for delivery in January. We are entering fiscal 2008 with growing Government Communication Systems revenue in a diversified based programs and customers. Our largest programs are under long-term contracts and their opportunity pipeline for new programs and customers continues to expand. Total funded plus unfunded backlog is now over $4.5 billion including Multimax contracts. Our near-term opportunity pipeline is now $7 billion, represented by proposals outstanding plus those expected to be submitted within the next 90 days. Included in this opportunity pipeline are several large systems integration programs for international customers: in Europe, the Middle-East and Africa, and Central Asia. Most of these systems opportunities are in defense communications and security and surveillance applications. Objects span a range from small systems to large secured communication networks; all of these pursuit represent well-known application of our technology and utilize the experienced international dealer organization that has helped their RF com business successfully penetrate international markets. Integration of Multimax with existing Harris Services Business is progressing quite well. We have renamed the organization Harris Information Technology Services to better articulate our focus on US Government customer's information technology networks. We will accomplish this by serving the entire value-chain from network design to deployment to network operations and ongoing support. The capabilities and customer base for Multimax combined with our existing customers and capabilities make Harris a powerful force in the growing Government IT outsourcing market. Our position as a prime or subcontractor on a number of key Government-Wide Acquisition Contracts will enable Harris to receive IT products and services task quarters that span across the Department of Defense, Intelligence, and Civilian Agencies. These contracts include NETCENTS for the Air Force, ITES II for the Army, EAGLE for the Department of Homeland Security, and Networx Enterprise for the General Services Administration. Harris was also among a number of companies awarded a significant new GVAC contract last week. Called Alliant it's a GC/GSA contract vehicle that will be used to procure integrated IT solutions across a variety of Federal Government agencies. As we enter fiscal 2008, they are quite well positioned in this segment. We continue to expect solid organic revenue growth with excellent operating margins. We have a lot of positive news to talk about in the RF segment. First of all, we had another strong quarter of performance in all respects: revenue, orders, and operating income. We were also awarded some very significant new contracts and several large additional opportunities are moving forward. Revenue for RF Communications was $326 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 34% over the prior year. Operating income also increased by 34% to $112 million. Orders for fiscal 2007 were $1.3 billion that was a 19% increase over the prior year with orders growth seen in both US and international markets. Our year end backlog increased to $800 million. On our May 1st earnings calls and again at our May 8th Analyst Meeting we discussed the near term opportunity pipeline at RF. You will recall we outlined $3 billion in opportunities in the US market and 1.5 billion in international. During the quarter we've made good progress turning opportunities into long term contracts and orders. In the fourth quarter, the US Department of Defense awarded Harris a five-year IDIQ contract with the potential value of $422 million for Harris, Falcon II HF radios and systems. We received a $104 million in orders against this contract in the quarter. Our Falcon II HF radios are the standard within all branches of the US armed forces. In addition, two very large IDIQ contracts were awarded to Harris for our new Falcon III JTRS radios. In June we were awarded a contract by the Joint Program Executive Office Joint Tactical Radio System to supply Falcon III handheld and vehicular radios. Contract has a one year contract ceiling of $2.7 billion and a five year ceiling of $7 billion. Orders will be awarded under contract based on the results of a competitive procurement process between Harris and the incumbent supplier. And then in early July Harris was awarded a contract for Falcon III radios from the Marine Core, for deployment in a variety of applications by including their new mine-resistant ambush protected vehicle line. Harris is the sole source supplier on this contract. It has a potential value of $212 million with two orders totaling $158 million received thus far. We also received an order for $26 million last week to provide additional Falcon II and Falcon III radios for the Navy MRAP vehicles. We believe this Falcon III contract awards clearly validate that our JTRS contract strategy is working. Harris is in production today with JTRS-approved Falcon III radios. It allow the DoD to address it's full range of immediate mission requirements and also take advantage of backwards compatibility with legacy systems such as SINCGARS. These Falcon III radios can also be upgraded in the future to accommodate new waveforms that are compatible with the JTRS software communications architecture. In July, we entered into a licensing agreement with the JPEO JTRS that will provide Harris access to the entire library of current and future waveforms enabling quick and cost effective integration into the Falcon III radio family. More than 17,000 Falcon III radios have already been deployed with US armed forces. And feedback from our troops has been very positive. Having recently completed a recertification of our Falcon III handheld with the JPEO, we believe that Falcon III is the first and only JTRS-approved radio that does not require wavers. Turning to International, there have been many continuing positive development there as well. US and allies are moving forward with their own communications modernization programs to take advantage of latest technology and also to have full interoperability with US forces. As previously outlined for you, we identified a number near-term international opportunities including Pakistan, the Philippines, Mexico, Algeria, Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, and Australia. In early June we received some very good news on the Philippines program, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency notified congress of a possible foreign military sale to the Philippines for Harris radio systems. This sale could total $96 million if all options are exercised. While we do expect a long procurement process, this announcement puts us one step closer to receiving orders. About eight months ago there was a similar public announcement notifying congress of a possible sale to Pakistan, and then in July we received a $76 million order from the government of Pakistan for Falcon II HF radios that will provide their defense forces with liable communications in the most of rugged frontier areas of the country. We also are continuing to make good progress on new products that move us into new adjacent markets. During the quarter, we received initial order for our high-capacity line-of-sight radio. This light weight high-speed broadband Ethernet system can securely transmit IP traffic up to 50 kilometers and support throughput in excess of 70 megabits. It's easily deployable and offers a very viable alternative to traditional military microwave radio solutions. We also received initial orders in Q4 for our new Secure Personal Radio designed for individual soldier deployment in international markets. We expect growing demand for both of these new products. Fiscal 2008 should be another very strong year for RF with double-digit revenue growth and continued excellent operating margins. Broadcast Communications showed significant improvement in the fourth quarter in terms of sequential growth in the orders, revenue, and operating income. These improvements enhance our confidence in being able to deliver revenue growth in fiscal 2008 as well as improve the operating margins both from new products and from the cost reduction actions that we've completed recently. Revenue in the quarter was a $166 million sequentially up 20% over Q3. All three product area posted a higher sequential revenue: the new infrastructure in digital media, software systems and transmission systems. Non-GAAP operating income in the quarter was $12 million compared to $5 million in the third quarter and driven by the higher revenue. Cost reduction actions are also contributing to the improved results. These have been primarily directed at downsizing transmission systems and software systems to better align their cost structure with revenue run-rates. We expect annual savings of about $12 billion from these actions. Year-over-year revenue and operating income comparisons for the quarter were lower as expected due to a decline in transmission systems and software systems revenue. Operating income results in the quarter also reflected an increase in our R&D investments across the video infrastructure product portfolio. New products represent the competitive edge in this business. We will continue to invest to expand our market position. Lower year-over-year revenue in transmission systems down 25% and software systems down 10%, mast another very strong quarter of organic double-digit growth in video infrastructure and digital media; which were up 16%. Demand for Harris video service, graphic systems, test and measurement equipment, routers and multi-image processors were all higher than in prior year. Customers continue to invest to upgrade their media operations from analog to digital and from standard to high definition formats. Orders in the fourth quarter of broadcast were higher than sales at $186 million. Year-over-year orders increased 10% and were higher in video infrastructure and digital media, software systems as well. Transmission systems orders were down slightly year-over-year but were higher than sales. It is important to note that during the fourth quarter we exited what we called the radio resell business which included sales of a number of non-Harris OEM radio products at low gross margins, sold primarily through a telemarketing group. Now under GAAP we are unable to report this business as discontinued operations, but we will reconcile the BCD quarterly revenue impact for you on a non-GAAP basis going forward. For fiscal 2008 in total, we expect the negative impact on revenue due to extinguished business to be about $19 million. We expect solid organic revenue growth in the broadcast segment in fiscal 2008 with improving operating margins. Video infrastructure and digital media revenue is expected to increase at double-digit growth rates as a result of new products and continued customer spending to upgrade media operations to digital and high definition. Product margins should improve as a result of new products and cost reduction actions in the supply chain. Software systems revenue in fiscal 2008 will benefit from a large number of new wins achieved in fiscal 2007 with our new media workflow software products, along with the expected market growth in digital asset management. As in any software business, most of our costs are fixed, so an increase in revenue should drive improved margins. For transmission systems we are not planning on significant organic revenue growth for 2008 in our guidance but we are expecting significant profit improvement making this business a contributor to operating income once again. We are expecting a pick-up in digital TV transmission system shipments as broadcasters prepare for the February 2009 FCC mandated transition to digital. We are also expecting some revenue growth from HD radio transmission shipments. In fiscal 2008, we also expect a benefit from having established Harris as the only true end-to-end solutions provider for the digital and high definition build out. Customers are turning to Harris for immediate solutions across multiple workflow areas, such as newsroom editing, video processing, and channel release. Harris is the only company offering such a broad set of interoperable solutions. It's what we call the "Harris One" solution. Let me give you some examples, in the newsroom editing workflow broadcasters are investing to retool their newsrooms to support high definition content. To meet this opportunity Harris launched NewsForce, a file-based news solution build on our NEXIO HD server platform. NewsForce includes new Harris editors that have been optimized for HD. Harris also integrated Apple's Final Cut Pro software with NewsForce for a high powered newsroom editing. And we have very soon in NewsForce optimized for live sports broadcasting. And these are some of the first applications to adopt HD production environment. In the video processing workflow we're seeing strong demands as broadcasters rebuild their network operation centers to manage digital and HD content and distribution. Harris has extended its product line to support demand for enhanced high definition at 1080p that's double the resolution of current HD systems. We also introduced new products that support the latest MPEG4 video compression standard and we launched a family of fiber-based products. These product lines enable media companies to interconnect their various global locations and move content seamlessly from production to the consumer. And in the channel release workflow broadcasters are continuing to add specialty channels such as news, weather, and traffic and channels dedicated to IPTV, mobile TV, and streaming media. Harris Channel ONE offers the industry's only integrated channel solution combining a high quality graphics layout sever with master control and branding, all in a single chassis. In the fourth quarter, we won a number of quarters for integrated systems such as the ones I've been discussing from a broad base of customers such as Comcast, Turner Broadcasting, Fox Sports, Madison Square Garden, Digiturk in Turkey, TVP in Poland, and TV Angelera [ph] in Brazil. Let me move next to the results of Harris Stratex Networks. Management of Harris Stratex will host the conference call to discuss their fourth quarter results in much more detail immediately following this call at 5:30 PM Eastern Time. All of my comments today are based on pro forma non-GAAP comparisons, as if our former microwave division and Stratex Networks have been combined at the beginning of fiscal 2006. Just to remind you the merger was finalized January 26th, 2007, and Harris owns 57% of the company with consolidated results with the elimination of the minority interest. Harris Stratex Networks showed significant sequential improvement in the fourth quarter in revenue, orders, and operating performance. Management team is clearly addressing the issues that arose in the third quarter with the formation of the company and are making steady progress in the integration of these two businesses and the realization of plant cost synergies. Fourth quarter revenue was $174 million, 19% higher than the third quarter, with growth in both North America and International segments. International regions with the greatest sequential growth included Africa, Europe, the Middle East, and Russia. The pickup in international orders was reflected in several sizable new projects. Harris Stratex received new orders totaling $19 million from one of the largest mobile operators in Nigeria to both increase capacity of existing wireless networks and to expand into new areas in Northern Nigeria. Harris Stratex was also selected for a $12 million project to extend the access and backbone networks for leading mobile operator in West Africa. On a year-over-year basis fourth quarter revenue was essentially flat with prior year, revenue growth in North America continue to be strong while international revenue was lower compared we might say to a very strong prior year quarter for international. The outlook for Africa, Europe, the Middle East, and Russia continues to be positive moving into fiscal 2008. We also expect improvements in the Asia Pacific region from opportunities in the Philippines, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Fiji, and Indonesia. Non-GAAP operating income in the fourth quarter was $8 million improving sequentially from $4 million in the third quarter. Please remember that Harris non-GAAP operating income for the segment includes FAS 123R expenses as well as amortization of intangibles. Sequential improvement in operating performance was driven by both higher revenue and improved product gross margins, partially offset by higher operating costs. Cost synergies expected from the combination of these two businesses are beginning to contribute. We believe Harris Stratex will deliver solid organic growth with improved operating margins in fiscal 2008. Now I would like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good evening. To begin with I would like to make a few comments about the financing of the acquisition of Multimax which was closed on June 15th, our previously announced share repurchase program, and our redemption of the $149 million of outstanding 3.5% convertible debt due 2022. On June 15th, 2007 we closed on the acquisition of Multimax at a purchase price of $400 million. The purchase price was funded using commercial paper backed by our $500 million credit facility. It is our intent to refinance the $400 million with fixed rate debt prior to the end of this calendar year. On May 1st, we announced a $600 million share repurchase program of which the first $200 million were to be repurchased prior to our fiscal year ended June 29th, 2007, between May 1st and June 29th, primarily through an overnight share repurchase program, we repurchased 3.9 million shares at an average price of $50.81 per share. It remains our intent to repurchase the remaining $400 million over the next two years and to fund the repurchases from available cash. In July, we provided notice to all convertible debenture holders that we will redeem on August 20th, 2007, $149 million of outstanding 3.5% convertible debt. On or before August 17th, the debenture holders may elect to convert their debentures into Harris common stock at a conversion rate of 44.2404 shares for each $1,000 of principal amount. The potential conversion of the shares will have no impact on Harris' fully diluted shares outstanding as the conversion price for the shares has been deep in the money and has been accounted for accordingly. For more details surrounding this redemption and/or conversion please see our 8-K filed on July 17th. The company's strong financial foundation and expected continued strong cash flow generation will enable us to continue to invest in internal growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions as well as repurchase stock. With regards to our financial position, we had another good quarter. EBITDA on a non-GAAP basis increased from $172 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 to $206 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 or 20%. Net operating working capital [Technical Difficulty] increased from 10.1% to 10.6% as a result of the acquisition of Multimax, without Multimax, net operating working capital as a percent of revenue would have been 9.6%. Capital expenditures decreased from $54 million to $30 million. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments were $389 million as of the quarter just ended. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $115 million in the quarter. Cash flow from operations for the year was $439 million as compared to $334 million for fiscal 2006. Operating cash flow for fiscal 2007 was lower than expected primarily due to lower accounts receivable collections in the fourth quarter at our Broadcast Communications Division and at Harris Stratex. Our expectations for cash flow from operations for fiscal 2008 remains in the range of $550 million to $600 million. Capital expenditures, including capitalized software, for fiscal 2007 were $129 million as compared to $146 million in fiscal 2006. Including a full year Harris Stratex Networks and Multimax, our guidance for fiscal year 2008 for capital expenditures and capitalized software remains between $140 million and $150 million. Depreciation and amortization increased from $95 million in fiscal 2006 to $135 million for fiscal 2007, primarily due to amortization intangibles resulting from the acquisitions of Leitch, OSI, Astra and the combination of Harris Microwave and Stratex Networks. Including a full year at Harris Stratex Networks and the increase in amortization of intangibles resulting from the recent acquisition of Multimax, depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2008 is now expected to be between $165 million and $175 million. Finally, our outlook for the full year tax rate for fiscal 2008 continues to be at 34%. The tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discreet tax events occurring therein. Thank you I will now turn the time back to Howard.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks Gary. Let me conclude by summarizing our outlook for fiscal 2008 and then make a couple of comments about reporting segments. Revenues now expected increase by about 20% in fiscal year 2008 compared to fiscal year 2007 with excellent organic year-over-year growth in a range from 8% to 10% higher. We expect to achieve organic growth in every operating segment, 6% to 8% organic growth in government systems, 5% to 10% organic growth in broadcast. $670 million to $700 million of revenue at Harris Stratex Networks, and as a result of the new orders that we've received in the past four months, revenue at RF is now expected to be at least 15% higher than fiscal year 2007. We've increased our non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year to a new range of $3.30 to $3.40 per diluted share. This excludes integration charges related to Multimax and Harris Stratex Networks. The midpoint of the new guidance range represents a year-over-year increase of about 20%. Please keep in mind that our fiscal 2007 first quarter benefited significantly from a favorable tax settlement that is not expected to repeat in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. On a pretax basis, we expect our first quarter non-GAAP year-over-year earnings growth to be on par with total year EPS growth guidance. Segment operating margins to fiscal 2008 are expected to be 11% to 12% in Government Communication Systems; 10% to 12% in Broadcast Communications; about 10% in Harris Stratex Networks and about 33% at RF Communications, as we deliver increased Falcon III handheld radio shipments at slightly lower gross margins. Let me close by also reminding you that beginning with our first quarter results in fiscal 2008, we will be making a slight change in our segment reporting, specifically affecting the two government segments. To reflect the way we now manage the business. Going forward the Government Communication Systems segment will continue to include the results of our Civil and National Intelligence businesses along with Harris IT services, including Multimax. However, this segment will no longer include the results of our Department of Defense business. The Defense business results will be combined with results of the RF Communications business in a segment named Defense Communications and Electronics. There will be no change in the Broadcast Communications or Harris Stratex Networks segment reporting. Following the filling of our Annual Report for fiscal year 2007 on Form 10-K, we will file a Form 8-K which will provide you with historical pro forma GAAP and non-GAAP results by quarter for fiscal years 2006 and 2007 for financial comparison purposes. The Form 8-K will also restate our fiscal 2008 segment revenue and operating income guidance to conform to the new segment reporting structure. At this point I'll ask the operator to open the line and we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Carl Copeland [ph] with Lehman Brothers.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Howard, I wondered if you would tell us a little about your order expectations in RF Com for 2008 and how they may have changed as a result of being pulled underneath the Harris JPO [ph] Umbrella here and how you're really looking at this from an incremental perspective in terms of orders?
Howard L. Lance: Well Carl, we're certainly hoping that orders will continue to show year-over-year growth as they did in '07 but at this point in the year, it's awfully difficult to peg a specific number on it. We're obviously very pleased with the magnitude of the contracts ceilings that exist on several of the contracts I talked about. They do give our customers lots of upside to place additional orders with us. We're obviously very pleased with the progress and the acceptance of penetration on the Falcon III, now as JTRS-approved radio, but at this point it's little early to peg a specific number but clearly we are helping for sequential year-over-year progress.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess, if I could ask it another way, I mean. Are you planning on the new contract structure leading to more orders then you were otherwise planning before that contract vehicle was put in to play, internally?
Howard L. Lance: Yes, I think the answer would be yes. Initially we provided revenue growth expectation around 10% higher than the 2007 year, we are now talking about at least 15%. Certainly some of that is going to come from new orders, some of which have already been received in the early part of the new fiscal year, others that will be received later.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks.
Operator: Moving on, the next question will come from Ferat Ongoren with Citigroup.
Ferat Ongoren: Good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance: Hi Ferat.
Ferat Ongoren: Howard, let me ask the same question in a different way. I am looking at orders you received so far and the backlog number for the yearend. The overall bond bearing is getting close to [ph] $1.1 billion and usually there was a backlog of one year. Your guidance suggested about $1.3 billion in radio revenues, and we have the switch IBIP [ph] about, I mean, it doesn't look like you are affecting too much from the IBIP in your guidance?
Howard L. Lance: Well, first of all, we talked about again for around 15% on $1.179 million from last year that gets you up to something in the 135 range. So, we still have a number of orders that we have to receive based on backlog plus orders, plus remember that all backlog is not shippable that we have at the beginning of the year, in that year. But as I've said before these contract ceilings do give us considerable upside, but with lots of moving parts in budget funding and the timing of specific orders not being well known, we're just going to have to stay tuned, I would hope, I'd have a lot more to say with more specificity for you at the next call.
Ferat Ongoren: Yes. Right. And then probably the same issue, but if you look at the guidance; at the end of May you provided a guidance range reaching with Multimax. It seems like you are up only $0.02, and I am looking at the increasing the guidance just on the radio side which is about $60 million or about $0.10. But there is some revenue acceleration in Government business into this quarter or are you being conservative on commercial margins?
Howard L. Lance: Well, I think the other factor we really talked about explicitly then that you have to consider, as our share price has gone up the impact on the outstanding shares of our share buyback program has been reduced and so we will have now a higher share count for the year in calculating EPS on a diluted share basis then we would have thought three or four months ago. So that serves to have a little bit of an offset to the improved guidance we've provided on RF. So, we are comfortable that right now with the visibility we have the 3.30 to 3.40 on a non-GAAP basis is a reasonable place to be in guidance.
Ferat Ongoren: Okay. Thank you very much.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joseph Nadol with JP Morgan.
Joseph Nadol: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance: Hello.
Joseph Nadol: Howard, I wonder if on the RF side again and not to leave all the other segments. But if you could, maybe from a high-level standpoint, talk about what you are seeing in terms of share, you've given us some nice numbers in the past there and there is definitely a lot of moving parts big IDIQ contracts out there. So what are you seeing in terms of market share momentum?
Howard L. Lance: Well, I'd think it will be getting better than... we do this typically on a calendar year basis, and so for calendar year '05 to '06 we talk about considerable growth, I think up to 33% of the market. Given the progress we have made this year, I would expect it would be higher. I don't know exactly what that number it is until we get to the end of the year. We are doing well and making a lot of progress and we are doing our best to continue to drive growth in this business which is our number one objective and so far so good. I think the international pipeline gives me some confidence that we are also gaining, or likely to gain market share internationally. And while we've had good market share internationally, it's been less than with US government. So, we talked about in the long run driving this business, one of the drivers being international market share gains, and again programs like Pakistan good vibes on the pipeline for the Philippines and others, we hope to talk about in future calls. All give us a lot of confidence that international market share is going up as well.
Joseph Nadol: Is there any specific share target that's built into your forecast in terms of the two huge IDIQ contracts that were given out to you and to TELUS?
Howard L. Lance: No, not specifically. I think our goal when we talk about revenue growth for the RF segment of 15% year-over-year, we want look to that in the US as well as the international markets, so that we have a double-digit growth in both of those. So that would be our internal target. There is plenty of opportunities, that's the good news.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. Just one more, on the cash flow, could you be a little bit more specific as to what happened in the quarter and additionally why didn't next year's guidance go up, if it was collection that kind of dragged into FY08?
Gary L. McArthur: Hi, this is Gary. Let me answer that one. Basically, in looking at the guidance we provided the 550 to 600, it's a pretty wide range and I think it's fair to say that we are now pretty content that we will be at the higher end of the range but we have decided not to take guidance up at this time. With regard to the question, specifically, I know that Sally will talk about it in more detail on the Harris Stratex call. So, I won't talk about that. And the broadcast division it really wasn't at over 90 days increased. In fact it wasn't that case at all. It was really that just a large amount of the sales took place late in the quarter and we just didn't get a chance to collect the money. I think a lot of that has been collected already in this quarter. So, we are not expecting any long term impact from those collections being down as you suggested. At this point we didn't think it was prudent to take the range up. It is a big jump over where we are ending up this year as to go into next year and I think there is a lot of year left before we make those kind of decisions.
Joseph Nadol: Okay. Thank you.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks.
Operator: Moving on with Unterberg Towbin, we have Jim Mcilree.
James Mcilree: Thanks. Good evening.
Howard L. Lance: Hi Jim.
James Mcilree: Hello. The MRAP procurement for the Army, and I know it's coming through the Marines since they are the program manager. But do you have to sell directly to the army or are you selling it to the marine to then kind of deploy it to the Army? How does that work?
Howard L. Lance: I don't know the answer of that. Bob do you?
Robert K. Henry: No, I don't.
James Mcilree: All right. Well, then let me try a different one. Can you discuss your manufacturing capacity in RF, either what your plans are for the upcoming fiscal year and/or the capacity utilization and also is it just a Rochester that's manufacture or do you have other locations?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. Generally what I would say about capacity is that I don't believe that manufacturing capacity will limit our ability to either achieve the guidance we have provided or should we have more orders go to a higher level. We have moved up material amount of our international radio production over to an expanded operation outside of London in the UK that gas freed up space in the Rochester location and at the same time we are throughout fiscal '06 and '07 significantly increased capacity in Rochester, especially for the Falcon III handheld radios and the vehicular conversions of those. So, I don't see capacity in manufacturing being a limiting factor for us.
James Mcilree: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Lawrence Harris with Oppenheimer.
Lawrence Harris: Yes. Thank you and good afternoon. I would like to ask a non-RF related question.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Lawrence Harris: In the broadcast area, the digital TV transmitters, I think you indicated the book-to-bill was greater than one, in your discussions with some of the stations you are seeing them starting to upgrade from low power to full power, where do we stand there?
Howard L. Lance: The answer is absolutely, we've had over the last couple of quarters pretty good order rates, Larry. The issue really has been when the customers will take the shipments, and we are still working on trying to accelerate some of those from fiscal 2009 into fiscal 2008, and from late in fiscal 2008 to early in fiscal 2008. So, that's an ongoing conversation with customers. But we are getting the orders and we are very confident that we will see the revenue impact of those orders at some point. It's just difficult to call the timing.
Lawrence Harris: And the addressable market here, the available market for yourselves and other players in terms of completing the digital conversion, is it still around 250 million?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. I haven't heard of any number different than that. The difficulty in estimating, it always has to do with the notion of redundancy. With analog transmitters being out there so many years, typical stations would have backup transmitters in place should the primary go down for some period. Customers may or may not put quite as much redundancy in place as they put their digital systems online, they want. So, that's the one of the areas we've had difficulty in estimating kind of with any precision the size of that margin.
Lawrence Harris: I understand. And then switching over to the Government communications area, it looks like the last two quarters you've been more positive to the extent that you can disclose in terms of the national programs. Would it be fair to say that that area could be contribution to growth in 2008?
Howard L. Lance: We are expecting year-over-year growth in national as well as civil, the defense programs and the IT services on an organic basis. So, our internal plans which show kind of consistent growth across those four business areas in adding up to our 6% to 8% organic growth guidance.
Lawrence Harris: Understood. All right, well, thank you.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Ferranti with Stephens Incorporated.
Stephen Ferranti: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Another question on RF. So, the $2.7 billion JPO, Falcon III contract or IDIQ, did you get the sense there that pricing might become more competitive given that it's a, sort of, consolidated radio parsing vehicle for the Government?
Howard L. Lance: I think what we've indicated is the combination of pricing and cost on the new Falcon III handheld will cost us... they have gross margins just a slight bit under the rest of our business and that's leading to our guidance of about 33% return on sales. We still think that's an awfully good number, and we have a number of cost reduction programs that as the Falcon III handheld production ramps up, we will start to feed in fiscal '08 and '09 as we talked about at Analyst Day.
Stephen Ferranti: Okay. And can you give us an idea of the types of activity levels you are seeing on that IDIQ vehicle at this point?
Howard L. Lance: I am not aware of any specific activity levels, clearly with the ceiling being established as high as it was, there are a lots of people within DoD that believe that if they want to execute the lot of orders in the short term under the contract. But at this point I can honestly say we have absolutely no idea as to how much of that ceiling would be satisfied in the one year contract timeframe or not. A lot of it, clearly, has to do with funding, whether that funding is going to come solely from the DoD-based budget or whether it's going to come from additional supplementals, that may or may not come down the road. So, our hesitancy in being definitive here is we honestly don't know and our customers don't know because funding is yet to be determined on much of this in terms of all the tradeoffs customers are making among various immediate program needs they have for Iraq and elsewhere.
Stephen Ferranti: Okay, terrific. That's all I had. Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you.
Operator: Next we have Ted Wheeler with Buckingham Research.
Ted Wheeler: Hi. Good evening all.
Howard L. Lance: Hi.
Ted Wheeler: I wanted to ask on the GCSD margin comment. I guess, if we adjust the contract overrun, we are north of 14% here and the guidance is 11% to 12%. I guess the acquisition brings margins down but how should I look at the 14% or so in the fourth and then the guidance in '08 and what contributes to that change?
Howard L. Lance: Very good question. In the fourth quarter, a couple of things helped on the positive side that offsets some of that $16 million pill that we have to swallow to get to the right cost of completion on the antenna program. One was even though we had only a couple of weeks of revenue from Multimax, we did have kind of more than their fair share of profit in just that two week period. So that helped a little bit in the quarter and we also another had contract year with the Federal Government contracting agency closeout and we were in a favorable position when all of those negotiations were done, and that helped a little bit. So, we had a little bit of offset. With regard to your question going forward, Multimax should be positive and above the average point for program margins within Government systems, even after we have to absorb a significant amount of the amortization for the intangibles associated with the acquisition. So, again, that 11% to 12% we think is kind of a top tier, kind of return on sales for the systems integration business. It's a mixture of lots of different kinds of programs and hence a bit of a wide range. The last couple of years we've performed more toward the higher end of the range. Again, there is no guarantee we will do that in '08, but certainly our Group presidents, Jeremy Wensinger and Dan Pearson, certainly have goals to try and do that and hopefully that adds just a little bit of color on the fourth quarter.
Ted Wheeler: Well, it sounds, I am interpreting then I think you are being fairly conservative on the '08 outlook as it sits today. Is there a fair way to characterize it?
Howard L. Lance: Well, I think it's fair to say that we like to talk about things that can help profitability. But having being burned recently with the cost overruns on the antenna program, and we have more antennas yet to deliver. We are still very much in a startup mode on the FDCA program with the Census Bureau. So, we are trying and balance all of that when we consider what's the right... range our guidance. Could we be towards the higher end of the range? Yes, I think so. Are we likely to ball way over the top? Probably, not very likely.
Ted Wheeler: Iappreciate the color very much. Thanks. I guess one other thing that I want to review, on the IDIQ process... I am not too familiar with it... but it sounds like there is a window for placing orders and there is a sizable limit which is sounds a good thing, now would the deliveries against those orders also be within unlimited or could these orders extend into the future?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. I think it's unlikely that we would get all of the orders with delivery orders... delivery dates within our fiscal year '08. So, I think much of the additional IDIQ orders that we would get would probably have delivery dates in the latter part of our fiscal '08 or more into the second half of calendar '08 which would be our fiscal '09. So, that's fine that continues to drive steady and growing production and growing revenue then into fiscal '09 which is certainly our hope.
Ted Wheeler: But these contracts would not cover three year out type requirements, I mean --
Howard L. Lance: Well they could. At this point we haven't gotten that level of extension, shall we say. But the fact that there is IDIQ contract had a very large single year but also a very large multiyear, certainly suggest that they may plan to stretch out the shipments somewhat. It's just very hard for me to be specific at this point. We just don't have the information from the customer.
Ted Wheeler: All right. Again, thanks for the color. I appreciate it. That was a great quarter.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Chris Donaghey with SunTrust Robinson has the next question.
Christopher Donaghey: Hi. Good evening.
Howard L. Lance: Hello.
Christopher Donaghey: Howard, I wonder if you could quickly go back over the business line growth expectations in the broadcast segment, transmission system, software and video infrastructure.
Howard L. Lance: Revenue growth for fiscal 2008, Chris?
Christopher Donaghey: Right.
Howard L. Lance: Okay. So, we said 5% to 10% for the business in total organic growth. So, we are starting from an '07, excluding what we think is $19 million for the actual business. We expect video distribution and digital media to grow double digit. We expect modest growth in software systems and we expect virtually no growth in our current guidance for transmission systems.
Christopher Donaghey: Okay, thanks. And on the software businesses is the full H-Class platform now generally available as all the development work been completed that needs to be done there to take that product to market?
Howard L. Lance: Yes. H-Class has really transformed over the last several years from a product to more of a software architecture upon which we build all our other applications. And so while it's not totally done, it's essentially in place these base players for security and for sharing elements of content across different platforms. Yes.
Christopher Donaghey: Okay, great. And just a couple of data points, Gary, do you have guidance or have an expectation for the share count for 2008 for the full year?
Gary L. McArthur: I don't think we've provided that Chris. We definitely, internally have looked at that with the share buyback, with what's going on there and obviously where we have our incentive plans for management as well going in. I don't know I am looking for guidance from Howard if we really want to provide an exact share number.
Howard L. Lance: Well, let me see in a second here, Chris, whether we can quickly get at that... it looks likes it's... for planning we are using something in the range of around a $138 million shares round numbers. Obviously, it does move a little bit depending on what happens with the share prices reduced in the share buyback.
Christopher Donaghey: Okay, great. And one more date point... I apologize I missed it, but the total cost for the satellite overrun?
Howard L. Lance: $16 million in the quarter.
Christopher Donaghey: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Howard L. Lance: And again this is a percentage of. And so what you do is you re-estimate your cost to completion and then make up the difference. So, we haven't actually spent all that money at this point but we expect you in the program, and under GAAP we have to therefore adjust our cost to completion estimate.
Christopher Donaghey: Okay. Thank you
Pamela A. Padgett: Operator, we are going to end the call with that question. We don't encroach on the next Harris Stratex Networks call. Thank you everyone for joining us and let me know what else you need.
Operator: It will conclude today's Harris Corporation conference call. We thank you for joining us. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Harris Corporation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. Beginning today's meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead ma'am.
Pamela Padgett: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Harris Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2007 earnings call. I am Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. And on the call today is Howard Lance, Chairman, President, and CEO; Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and President of the Government Communications Systems Division. Before we get started, a few words about forward-looking statements. In the course of this teleconference Howard, Gary, or other management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to different materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, please see the press release and filings made by Harris with the SEC. In addition in our press release and on this teleconference, we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the tables of our press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that Howard, I'll turn the call over to you.
Howard Lance: Thanks Pam, and thanks to all of you for joining us today on our second quarter earnings call. Harris once again posted excellent revenue and earnings growth in the second fiscal quarter of 2007. While growth was led by the RF Communications segment, the Government Communications, Microwave Communications segments also delivered strong revenue growth and solid operating performance. In the Broadcast Communications segment we delivered organic revenue growth but income was lower. On the engineering and technology front we are make real progress driving increased revenue from our new product programs. Revenue from product introduced in the past three years increased from 17% of total revenue for fiscal 2006 to about 30% over the prior year and very solid growth. Operating income was $56 million. Operating margin continued strong at 11.5% of sales. Our Government Systems business remains quite diversified, in terms of both programs and customers providing a solid business base with opportunities for continued growth. New wins in the quarter increased our total funded plus unfunded back log to $4.5 billion. Our civil business area continuous to be a major growth driver. We made excellent progress in the quarter on the $2.2 billion, 15 year FAA Telecommunications' infrastructure program that was awarded in 2002. FTI is a new state of the art communications network, that increases the number of available services, improves network reliability and security and will save the FAA 100's of million's of dollars in operations cost. More than 10,000 communication services have now been accepted at more than 2100 FAA facilities. We expect to complete the FTI deployment within calendar year 2007 and for the remaining years of the program we'll operate and manage the FTI network and provide additional communication site wireless handheld device that will enable the first paperless boarded or census in 2010. We'll deliver several 100 of these units in March in support of a census rehearsal exercise that's planned for May. The Defense systems business benefited from a new three year $66 million contract for preproduction and testing of the Hawklink common data link system for the navy's lamps helicopters. High speed wireless communications links are a core Harris technology, enabling improved intelligence, and surveillance and reconnaissance activities via the transmission of real-time sensor data. Potential of the Hawklink program could exceed $350 million by 2015. Harris is applying its Falcon radio technology to wireless weapons' data links as well. Earlier this year, Harris was selected by Boeing as one of two competing suppliers for the Small Diameter Bomb program. The national business area returned to growth in the second quarter. Thanks to several new intelligence program starts and from growth in our commercial space systems business. We expect growth in the national business to continue in the second half of fiscal year 2007. Harris government systems remains very well positioned to drive continued revenue growth going forward, as evidence by a pursuit pipeline that has grown to $4 billion in value for proposals outstanding plus those expected to be submitted within the next 90 days. These program opportunities cut across a large number of civil, defense and intelligence agencies and departments. The most promising large pursuit continues to be the $1.2 billion seven year Advanced Extremely High Frequency Multi Band Satellite Terminal Program for the US Navy. We are in a head-to-head competition in this program against Raytheon with a down-select expected in June. AEHF terminals will provide the Navy more than four times the bandwidth of today's Milstar terminals. The Harris team successfully completed multiple system test demonstrations using simulated high-seas conditions ahead of schedule. Full scale demonstrations are now scheduled for March. Another development program with significant future potential is our high bandwidth networking radio. This program is a derivative of the WIN-T program for the army. Working closely together with BAE systems and General Dynamics, we are providing the high bandwidth networking radio for a supplemental program called Joint Network Node. The radio features a Harris developed wave form that enables the network to continually select the optimal routing for high data rate mobile communications. The Harris high bandwidth networking radio was the feature technology and a very successful demonstration held last week, and attended by more than 100 military and DoD officials. This radio is now ready for field deployment and we believe JNN may now foresee the full level implementation of WIN-T. RF Communications had another fantastic quarter. Revenue was $286 million, a 58% increase over the prior year and an 8% sequential increase over our first quarter. Operating income increased 56% to $96 million. Operating margins was above 33.5% in the quarter and is still expected to be about 34% for the entire fiscal year. Demand remains very robust in the US and the international market is gaining strength. New product's introductions are being well received and we are pleased with our initial successes in expanding into several new markets. We expect the market and our revenue and orders rate to remain very robust throughout the rest of fiscal 2007, setting the stage for another strong year of growth at RF in fiscal 2008. Continuing tactical radio market strength reflects increased requirements to upgrade tactical communications capabilities for US forces, and the increasing need for interoperability across DoD and coalition forces. The Iraq and Afghanistan missions have brought a new sense of urgency to fulfill these broad requirements. And force restructuring is pushing tactical radio communications down the command chain. Eventually putting some form of tactical radio into the hands of every soldier and into every vehicle. Strong demand for Harris' Radios also reflects a growing preference for our feature rich technology solutions, our unmatched level of service in the field, and our commercial business model that offers off-the-shelf products with the shortest lead times in the industry. DoD orders in the second quarter included multiple requirements for the US Marine Corps, Navy, and Army. We also received $16 million order from the Navy to begin providing tactical radios for the new Joint Explosive Ordinance Disposal Rapid Response Vehicle. These new high profile heavily armored vehicles are being rolled out by Navy, Marine Corps and Army Engineers to provide protection against improvised explosive devices or IEDs. The communications systems architecture has been specially designed around the Falcon III SCA compliant radio, and provides a full range of secure communications with unparalleled interoperability. As I mentioned earlier our international business remains strong and growing. International markets represented about 37% of RF revenue in the last fiscal year 2006. During the second quarter international orders doubled, compared to the prior year and are expected to grow 25% to 30% in fiscal 2007. We are at the beginning of what we believe will be a multi year international upgrade cycle with large program opportunities in countries with active defense communications modernization programs. These programs include procurement requirements of $400 million to $500 million in Pakistan, $150 million to $200 million in Iraq and $80 million to $100 million in Mexico to name just a few. Last quarter I told you we were working to update our addressable RF market size going forward. We presented some new data at a financial conference on December 5, 2006 and it's posted on the Harris Investor Relations website. The slide shows a calendar year 2006 addressable market size for RF up $2.7 billion. Expanding to a potential $6 billion addressable market in the 2007-2008 time frame. We've already made significant progress in releasing new products based on our Falcon III platform to expand in many of these new markets. Falcon III is becoming Harris' commercial offering for the JTRS radio of the future market. Dennis Bauman, he's the Joint Program Executive Officer for the JTRS program, has been widely quoted endorsing commercial solutions offered outside the JTRS programs of record, and specifically the Harris multiband handheld model, the AN/PRC-152. The Harris Falcon III is the first widely fielded tactical radio to receive certification under the JTRS Software Communications Architecture Standard. Its software architecture allows the radio to be easily upgraded with new waveforms as they are developed. An example of this is the incorporation of the new digital waveform for land mobile radios known as APCO 25. Applying APCO 25 into the Falcon III allows complete interoperability with state and local public safety officials and first responders. We've now shipped approximately $130 million of Falcon III products to date and we have installed product capacity for up to 48,000 handheld units per year at $300 to $400 million in revenue. The Falcon III handheld is in service across the US Army, Navy and Air force with an impressive performance record so far. We believe we are very well positioned with Falcon III to compete for a substantial upcoming procurements across DoD. Work continues on the new Falcon III multiband Manpack model that will begin shipping to customers by September 2007 following NSA Certification. And similar to our [first mover] advantage with the Falcon III multiband handheld, we will be capable of volume production several years ahead of any other JTRS-compatible Manpack radios. The Falcon III Manpack provides significant new capabilities, increased frequency range up to 2 gigahertz, L-band SATCOM capability, significant reductions in weight and size, and wideband secured networking capabilities. At the October 2006 AUSA exhibition, we demonstrated a fully functional six radio network that provided multiple video feeds, situational awareness data and voice communications to all of the radios on the net, simultaneously. We are continuing the development of additional new products for new markets. These include application such as on-the-move SATCOM, secured communications network devices, high capacity secured line-of-sight radios, high capacity data radios, and small form factor soldier radios for both domestic and international markets. We are committed to invest and move the technology forward to offer new capabilities to our customers that meet their needs. Turning now to microwave communications, revenue during the quarter increased 14% to a $101 million, and orders exceeded sales for the eighth consecutive quarter. Non-GAAP operating income increased 63% to $10 million with operating margin, a healthy 9.7%. Demand in North America came from both wireless service providers and private networks. Several mobile operators are beginning to now substitute microwave for leased lines in order to lower backhaul operating cost. And they are upgrading and expanding networks to enable new high bandwidth audio and video services. Private network demand is also being driven by the need for higher bandwidth and they are taking advantage of continuing available federal funding for network upgrades. International demand remains strong, with orders reflecting the continued expansion of our customer base. Europe, Middle East, and Africa continued to dominate orders driven by the deployment of 3G services and network expansions. As you know last week, we completed the merger of our Microwave Communications segment with Stratex Networks to form a new company, Harris Stratex Networks. The combination creates an exciting company with about $650 million in annual revenue, significant global reach, and the industry's broadest solutions offering. Harris Stratex Networks has strong leadership already in place. I want to congratulate Guy Campbell, on being named President and CEO of the new company. Guy successfully led the turnaround of our microwave business from losing money three years ago to now growing at double-digit rates, building backlog, and earning a 10% return on sales in the latest quarter. I am confident that this business will continue along its growth path, generating increased revenue and profitability, and creating value for Harris and its other shareholders. I invite you to listen to the Harris Stratex Networks Conference Call at 5:30 this evening to hear more details about its second quarter results and outlook. And moving on next to the Broadcast Communications segment. Revenue was a strong $155 million in the quarter, an increase of 14% compared to the prior fiscal year. Adjusting for the impact of acquisitions in the prior year and these includes Leitch Technology, Optimal Solutions and Aastra Digital Video, organic year-over-year revenue growth was about 6% in the quarter. Sequentially revenue increased by 11% compared with our first quarter of fiscal 2007. Operating income at Broadcast was $13 million, an 8.4% operating margin, compared to non-GAAP operating income of about $15 million in the prior year. Segment income excluding depreciation and amortization was $22 million in the second quarter, representing a 14.6% operating margin compared to $21 million in the prior year. Higher organic revenue was led by double-digit growth in the quarter in the video distribution business area. This area includes systems that provide networking, signal processing, master control, digital content, storage and retrieval, news editing, branding and graphics and test and measurement to global broadcast stations and media networks. Significant wins in the second quarter included a large HD infrastructure project for Fox Sports. We are providing 36 shared storage NEXIO servers and 17 internal storage servers for their multi-channel network control center, currently under construction in Houston. We also began shipping our ICON station system to 40 ABC affiliate stations during the quarter, as part of their major network branding program. Harris is the knowledge global leader in HD video distribution, master control and branding solutions. Transmission revenue was about flat year-over-year in the quarter with Radio systems higher and TV systems lower. Radio transmission growth was driven by strong market acceptance of the new Harris FLEXSTAR HD radio exciter and by higher demand for European standard digital radio transmitters in Europe, China and India. TV transmission revenue and orders were both lower than the previous year. We discussed softness in our TV transmission business last quarter. Many customers are continuing to delay purchases of digital transmitters required to meet the FCCs February 2009 mandate for full power digital broadcasting. We estimate the $250 million in digital transmission equipment remains to be purchased for upgrades and redundancy prior to the deadline. We also discussed last quarter the slower than expected development of the Mobile TV market in North America. While we clearly expect to maintain our leadership position in these markets and see orders pick up eventually. We decided to take actions now to reduce some of our transmission business operating expenses in the meantime. As a result of these actions we expect to reduce fiscal 2008 operating costs by $10 million. We'll incur about $5 million of charges per severance and facility exits. Revenue in the software systems business in the quarter continued to be lower than expected due to softness in the automation software market. The slower development of both Mobile TV and IPTV markets also negatively impacted new software orders and our revenue. Software systems income was negatively affected by the lower revenue as software gross margins are above 70%. We are also experiencing somewhat higher year-over-year expenses associated with the deployment of our next generation software platforms; H-Class for global media networks, Invenio Digital Asset Management, and OSI Airtime Sales and Traffic for US station groups. We are having considerable success at winning new OSI and H-Class business in a very competitive marketplace. But these are typically multi-year contracts where revenue is recognized over the contract life rather than upfront software license fee revenue. So, revenue grows more slowly in this business model. And while we benefit from a predictable income stream over the longer term, income is negatively impacted in the shorter term by the higher cost required during the project's initial design and deployment phases. Overall, we remain very well positioned in the broadcast space to be the preferred partner for global broadcast and media companies as they make the necessary investments to transition their operations into the high definition digital content age. Through the combination of our legacy businesses and several strategic acquisitions, we have created the industry leading end-to-end solutions capability. We have expanded the size of our addressable markets from about $1 billion three years ago to $5 million to $6 million today. We are also now able to serve many other faster growing product areas. Make no mistake, we are not satisfied with today's level of segment profitability, and we will take the appropriate steps to further reduce our costs. But we are also going to continue to invest to ensure the future of this business with leading products and leading new software solutions. We expect our Broadcast segment to deliver strong revenue growth over the next several years and to continue to expand operating margins and return on capital to more acceptable levels. I'd now like to ask Harris' CFO, Gary McArthur to provide his comments on the quarter.
Gary McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good afternoon. Before jumping into my comments about our financial position, I'd like to take a moment and make a few comments about the recently completed combination of our Microwave division with Stratex Networks. I echo Howard's comments and that we couldn't be happier with the progress made to-date in putting the two companies together, and with the combined entities go forward business outlook. As announced on Friday of last week, the Harris Microwave and Stratex combination is expected to be neutral to fiscal 2007 earnings, excluding the anticipated integration and acquisition costs estimated at $0.16 per diluted share and the after tax gain to Harris that will be recorded in our third quarter of approximately $0.92 per diluted share. A detailed description of the calculation for determining the gain is available on our website. With regards to our financial position, we had a very good second quarter. A key driver of our improving financial position is our strong and improving earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, or EBITDA. EBITDA on a non-GAAP basis increased from $140 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2006 to $180 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2007, or 29%. This large increase was led by the growth in RF Communications earnings and the improved operating income before depreciation and amortization, at both Microwave and Broadcast. Non-GAAP EBITDA as a percentage of revenue also increased from 17% in the prior year quarter to 18% in the current quarter. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments increased to $368 million as of the quarter just ended. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $128 million in the quarter. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $182 million as compared to $112 million in the first half of fiscal 2006. All four segments generated positive operating cash flow in the first half of fiscal 2007, and all four segments generated higher operating cash flow in the first half of fiscal 2007 as compared to the first half of fiscal 2006. We continue to be on track with our internal plan and with the just completed formation of Harris Stratex Networks which will be consolidated in our financial results. Our full year estimate of cash flow from operations for fiscal 2007 is forecasted to be in a range of $400 million to $450 million. Capital expenditures including capitalized software for the first half of fiscal 2007 were $63 million. Including Harris Stratex Networks we continued to expect to spend near the same levels as last year on capital expenditures and capitalized software at between $140 million and $150 million. Depreciation and amortizations for the quarter increased from $45 million to $55 million for the first half of fiscal 2007 as compared to the first half of fiscal 2006, primarily due to amortization of intangibles resulting from the acquisitions of Leitch, OSI and Aastra. With the inclusion of Harris Stratex Networks, depreciation and amortization for fiscal year 2007 is now expected to be between $130 million and $140 million. During the quarter we bought back 465,000 shares of common stock at an average price of $41.96. Under our existing repurchase program, we have authorization to repurchase 2.9 million additional shares. We will continue to repurchase shares of common stock to offset the dilutive effect of shares issued under our stock incentive plans as we go forward. Finally our outlook for the full year tax rate continues to be at 33%, noting that the tax rate for any given quarter could vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events occurring therein. Back to you, Howard.
Howard Lance: Let me close now by discussing our updated fiscal year 2007 guidance. It reflects a strong second quarter results and also now includes expected results of Harris Stratex Networks starting from January 29th. Our consolidated revenue growth expectation has been increased to a range of 19% to 21% higher than fiscal year 2006 revenue. Organic revenue growth is expected to be 12% to 14% higher. We are also increasing guidance for non-GAAP earnings from a range of $2.70 to $2.80 per diluted share to arrange from $2.75 to $2.85 per diluted share. We are raising expected government communications systems revenue growth to a range of 6% to 8% higher than last year, with expected operating margins in a range of 11% to 12%. We are also increasing the RF communications segment expected revenue growth to 38% to 40% above 2006, with expected operating margins for the year at approximately 34%. For Broadcast Communications, we now expect revenue growth of 13% to 15% above 2006 with operating margin in the range of 9% to 10%. Perhaps a bit higher if we can get costs out through our actions more quickly. The actions we will implement in the back half of this year along with expected 2008 revenue growth should drive much higher returns in fiscal 2008. The results of Harris Stratex Networks will be consolidated into our results beginning in our third fiscal quarter, with a deduction for minority interest reflecting the approximately 44% of the company that we do not own. Our outlook for fiscal 2007 for the Harris Stratex Networks' segment includes seven months of the microwave division results on a standalone basis and five months of the combined Harris Stratex Networks results. Revenue is now expected in a range from $525 million to $535 million with operating margin expected to be in the range from 9% to 10%. Our guidance was developed using the pro forma information for Harris Stratex Networks that they provided in an 8-K filed in conjunction with their press release this afternoon. Pam I'll turn it back over to you.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we are ready to open the line for questions. In interest of time, I would appreciate it if everyone would limit themselves to two questions. If you have more than two questions though, you are more than welcome to get back in the queue. Okay operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from John Bucher with BMO Capital Markets.
John Bucher: Hi, John Bucher, thank you very much. Howard, did orders exceed revenues in RF Com and then did you say in your comments about the international composition. I think you commented on the orders there. Can you say what international sales were as a percentage of RF Com segment sales?
Howard Lance: John, your first questions orders for the second quarter alone were slightly lower than revenue for the first half were significantly higher than revenue, so backlog was significantly higher at the end of the second quarter than at the beginning of the fiscal year. And I am sorry. Could you please comment again your second question?
John Bucher: I was going to try to make that just one question in the interest of counting, but the second question was I know you commented on the order composition in RF Com. I was just wondering whether you could say what international sales were as a percentage of total sales for the quarter in RF Com? And then my second question was, on the new revised addressable potential market that you posted, much appreciated. I think you referred to nearly $6 billion total addressable market opportunity as sort of a 2007 to 2008. Should we view that as a two-year opportunity funnel? Thank you.
Howard Lance: Let me deal with the second question first. No, we are talking about $6 billion annual market opportunity John. By saying 2007 to 2008, what I am talking about is the fact that as we release new products, we reach the full potential of that $6 billion annual market opportunity. So, that's why the timing is spread, because we're introducing as you can see when you look at the chart, a number of new products out of the Falcon III family and many others that I've commented on today. In terms of the specific mix in the quarter for RF, we don't usually talk about that in a given quarter, but clearly we're at 37% international in '06. That percentage will be lower in '07 as we have lower revenue as a percent for international, absolute dollars for revenue for international will be higher, but we expect very, very strong order rates as I indicated we're up 25% to 30% is our expectation for the year for RF International orders, and we think that bodes very well for continued growth from international. As I said earlier we see this as the beginning of a multi year growth cycle.
John Bucher: Yes, that does appear outstanding. Thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on to Joe Nadol with JP Morgan
Joe Nadol: Thanks, good afternoon. Howard, first of all, the budget, the upcoming supplemental. It looks like a lot of the radio funding is going to be, and looks very robust first of all, but a lot of it's coming under the SINCGARS category as opposed to HF and obviously you have started to penetrate that area over the past year or so. I am wondering if you could offer any color on your strategy there. How much share you think you can take off that chunk of money?
Gary McArthur: Well I don't think I can speculate. Clearly though, we view the $1.4 billion in the 2007 supplemental budget request for SINCGARS as business that we now can compete for as a result of the capabilities of our Falcon III. In addition you've got the line item IHFR which is just short of $500 million, which will be for a variety of high frequency and multiband handheld radios. You've got an $850 million line item I think for Marine Corp tactical radio. So, there is a sizable amount of opportunity in the supplemental budget that we think will be procured then over the coming quarters.
Joe Nadol: Okay. Secondly, on the addressable market expansion side again, there seems to be three relatively larger categories, International systems and programs, portable SATCOM and COMSEC terminals. I was wondering if you could just give maybe a little bit of color, particularly in the international one because it is such a large piece and also you have 33% market share of the 2.7 billion addressable calendar year '06. Is there any sense as to what sort of market share we could expect in say '08 on that incremental piece of addressable market.
Howard Lance: Well, first of all as it relates to some of those, if you take for example the SATCOM on-the-move, this is a SATCOM upgrade program that we are on the team with the VIASAT, and so that's an example of getting into a new capability where we'll develop new products to go after that market. The COMSEC terminals, we have several new programs underway, and new products that are expanding our capabilities beyond the chip level into the secure terminal product line area. So, those are examples of how we are trying to use the foundation of Falcon III technology which really is core in not only our Falcon III Tactical Radio Product line but these new products for expanding the served market, trying to use that platform and the investments we've made in that to drive growth. I'm going to ask Bob to talk at a high level about the International systems business, but clearly what we're talking about, there is a market that we have just not pursued up until this point and we think it offers significant opportunity for us. We are not going to be specific at this point Joe with regard to what kind of revenue we think we can get in the next one to two years but I think as we move towards our Analyst meeting in May, we will be able to provide a little more color around that. But Bob perhaps you can talk about at a high level of this -- the general direction that we're headed?
Bob Henry: Sure, let me start off by talking about where some of the more significant opportunities appear to be and those would be in the Middle East and in Eastern Europe. We've already had briefings with all of our dealers and our customers in all the key countries and we've stepped up the amount of people we have in our business development and our advanced programs operation to not only capture radio business but to capture some of the new products that Howard already alluded to. We've already submitted a request for information on a job in the Netherlands. Howard already talked about Pakistan and Iraq and Mexico. We have a number of opportunities in the UAE and Algeria, Nigeria, The Philippines, Georgia, Ukraine, I could go on and on with opportunities for radios and some of the new products that we are in the process of putting out. Congress has approved the Pakistan purchase, of course of the 3900 RF-5800H radios. That's been done. And we've also been notified that Congress has approved up to $2.1 billion of arms sales to Saudi Arabia. That was done in early October. And what we're going to be doing there is we're going to be aiming at the Saudi Arabian National Guard portion of this program. We are the standard HF radio supplier for the Saudi Arabian National Guard going forward. And then the last one that we're looking at is in the Philippines where the government has approved $100 million for military equipment and we're looking for the VHF handheld radios there. We've already supplied about 2000 of those radios previously there. I think the total amount they are looking for is 16,000. So we're going to work towards capturing those other 14,000.
Gary McArthur: Joe, I think one way to think about the International systems business and the reason we think we are going to be successful is, first of all we are going to stick to our netting and focus on those kinds of systems integration jobs that deal with coms or information technology, leveraging capabilities that we already have. So, we are not going to venture off into areas that we don't have knowledge of and to bring the local knowledge of the customer and the local support, we are utilizing the RF Global Dealer Network which already is established in all of these countries. So, we're very pleased. I think we've in excess of $500 million and opportunity pipeline value already identified and you know how quickly that opportunity turns into awards and how much of that we get I don't know at this point but, it's sizeable and we've got feet-on-the-street pursuing it. So, that hopefully gives you a little color in that part of that growth market.
Joe Nadol: Yes, sure does, thanks very much.
Operator: Moving on to Rich Valera with Needham & Co
Rich Valera: Thank you. Howard you mentioned that your program with the FAA is going to essentially conclude the implementation phase at the end of this calendar year. Just wondering how significant that is on a run rate basis and should we be concerned about that drop in run rates with respect to just the year-over-year growth for government comps as a whole moving beyond 2007?
Howard Lance: No, not at all, good question though. The way this program works is revenue builds as you do deployments. So, you turn on the services and that's how we get then income. So, it's actually going to continue to build until full deployment and then it would, if there was nothing else it would flatten out, but we know what's going to happen. After that is they're going to have an additional services they want to put on the network and that's why we talked about. Still our expectation that this program that's currently awarded in, let say the initial deployment phase of $2.2 billion over 15 years, we think it still reaches the potential of $3.5 billion that we've established. This is a network that has a level of reliability and security that's going to allow them to transition other networks, legacy networks on to this backbone, once we're fully done. So, you should not expect a drop off, you should expect we believe continued growth in future years.
Rich Valera: Thank you for that and just quickly on the high bandwidth networking radio that you are doing for JNN. One, can you size that opportunity and two, can you maybe just give a little color around that. As I understood that JNN was primarily a satellite based system and this sounds like it is a terrestrial component to that, if you could just elaborate on that?
Howard Lance: Yes, I don't really have at this point any specific market opportunities Rich that I can comment on. But I think that the interest, you are right, JNN is primarily satellite based but this aspect of it has, primarily the interest has been driven because of the capabilities that we have in this ad-hoc mobile networking competency. And working with BAE Systems, we have both invested some of our own internal R&D to productize this capability and presented that some months ago to General Dynamics and they are very interested in rolling this out, utilizing our capabilities. So, we are just trying to highlight that it's another clear program opportunity. I think it also highlights that Harris Government Systems is moving away from a mode of where we sit and simply catch RFPs that are pitched from the government and in our business, we are trying to become much more proactive in identifying growth opportunities. We had integrated a lot of capabilities with the RF Division working closely with GCSD and we are learning from that how to more quickly productize opportunities, the high bandwidth networking radio is an example of that. Our activities in taking advantage of base infrastructure quotations where we can put together systems of wireless secured communications on military bases is another example of that.
Rich Valera: Okay, thanks Howard.
Operator: Moving onto, Chris Donaghey with Suntrust Robinson and Humphrey.
Chris Donaghey: Hi, good evening guys, and congratulations.
Howard Lance: Thank you.
Chris Donaghey: Howard or Bob whoever, I noticed today that the Air Force released a RFP for the SDD phase face for cluster AMS. Can you just kind of provide us an update on what the current state of expectations are for JTRS and how it impacts your business today and maybe over the next couple of years?
Bob Henry: Sure. Let me address that for you. As you know we have positions on the GMR close to one end on the AMF pre-SDD. As you said the RFP finally came out on the -- at the end of January when they said it would for the AMF portion of that. These are multi-year development programs, both of them are with LRIPs in the year 2011 and 2010. So, there is still a lot of time before they are going to get product out to the field. We fully support the JTRS program and we're working towards a successful completion of our development work over time on that. And in the mean time we will continue to sell in our SCA compliant Falcon III, radios and since we're in production on those right now. And as I said the production on the other radios won't be till the year 2010, I believe for the AMF and for the GMR 2011. So, we're in very good at this point in time.
Chris Donaghey: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Moving onto Jim Mcilree with Unterberg Towbin.
Jim Mcilree: Thank you. Good evening. With the expansion in the RF addressable market, will that come at the expense of margins, it seems like moving into the handheld personal soldier radios particularly could be a lower margin? Thank you.
Howard Lance: Yes, a little too early at this point Jim I think to determine that. We have had great success in maintaining our margins in this business as we have grown. We have ticked up our investment for these new products. Going forward, it's really not going to be a question of maintaining, I mean the gross margins are more than large enough to maintain the operating margins we have. It's really going to be a trade-off between how much level of investment you want to make for future growth. But to the extent that there is any downward pressure, I see it as relatively minor. If you recall back, four or five years ago, this business was kind of in the mid-teens I think in terms of return on sales. We don't envision anything like that in the future. And we believe we now have enough scale and enough progress in our supply chain program that even more competitive lower price point projects such as individual soldier radios can be delivered to customers with very attractive operating margins because of our commercial business model. So, we're trying to give you more color around that as we proceed on into fiscal year '08, but at this point I don't see any immediate new term concerns.
Operator: Moving on to Larry Harris with Oppenheimer
Larry Harris: Yes, thank you and congratulation on the results for the quarter. Just a few clarifications regarding the Broadcast area and it looks like you're taking the appropriate actions there. Any opportunities in terms of Mobile TV, now that Verizon is getting close to launching service in some cities, also in terms of digital radio, looking at the number station that could launch in 2007, do you think we will see an increase over 2006 or would be a similar number and also in terms of the broadcast infrastructure area, that's done well. Could we see that continue to grow over the next few quarters, thank you?
Gary McArthur: Well let me deal with the last part of that first, the acquisition of Leitch Technologies and Aastra Digital Video which serve this very large and diverse video distribution area, continuous to perform very well and we believe that we will continue to see double-digit growth rates in those products and that part of our broadcast segment certainly for several more years, we don't see that slowing down. As it relates to your question about transmission, we're going to resize our transmission business from a profit stand point, assuming pretty modest growth going forward. Then if it results in faster Mobile TV ramp up as you say because of Verizon or others or if we get faster ramp up in HD radio or if we hit a return to higher orders in digital transmission leading up to the FCC mandate in February of '09. All of those kinds of things would just give us even better margins. So, do we expect some growth? We are just going to plan on very modest growth in the combined transmission business and to the extent that we do better than that, then we'll get even better leverage on the bottom line. But we are not going to count on high growth. We did that this year, we've learned our lesson from that and we are going to reset the cost structure of the business of kind of that current FY'07 levels.
Larry Harris: Understood, sounds like a good plan. Thank you.
Operator: Chris Quilty with Raymond James as our next question.
Chris Quilty: Thanks. Howard, can you comment within the Government Communications business whether intelligence programs were up or down this year and understanding that those are generally classified programs. What's your sense of the ability to get back to the sort of double digit growth rates that you experienced two or three years ago?
Howard Lance: Just a clarification Chris, when you talk about intelligence programs, you are talking about at Harris or government budgets?
Chris Quilty: At Harris.
Howard Lance: Okay. So, we returned to year-over-year growth in the second quarter and we expect to see growth in the second half as well. But we started out pretty week in the national business in the first quarter. So, for the total year we'll be flat to maybe slightly higher than fiscal year '06. But the good news is the momentum I think we are building. It's coming from kind of our traditional intelligence customer base, as they're starting to release new funding for new programs. We are very encouraged by that. It's also coming from our commercial space systems initiatives and you've seen a couple of press releases that we have talked about how that business has grown in significance and not only is it growing in the traditional antenna area, but we are now starting to get opportunities to expand into doing more space electronics and potentially systems integration on future commercial satellites. So, I’m very optimistic we'll continue to grow going forward that's a big part of our government systems' revenue and we need that business area to grow going forward in order to deliver the overall government systems growth that we want. I think double digit growth is a little optimistic. That doesn’t mean that Russ Haney and his team and that business won't set those kind of objectives and we won't encourage those, but that's probably a little optimistic. Given that the base, that business is two and a half times as large as it was four or five years ago. So, just the kind of the power of large numbers makes double-digit growth in that particular segment more difficult.
Chris Quilty: You have continued to do it in the RF Comps?
Howard Lance: Well, we're certainly going to establish those kinds of objectives for all of our business. I think Bob is on the record multiple times, if we're not growing any of those government segments at double-digit, he's not a happy camper and so we work very hard to try and have real plans to achieve that, sometimes we do, sometimes we don’t. But the overall planning process we put in place which is on them, and at the root of that is expand your serve market and get a faster throughput on new products. Those are the two core things that we're trying to do and you find that fingerprint all over every single one of the segments at Harris that we talk about. So, we will see, but at this point, I am just saying Chris I wouldn't commit to that double-digit growth for the national segment going forward based on what I know today. But it's growing again and that is a positive.
Chris Quilty: Thank you.
Operator: And next is Steve Mather with Sanders Morris and Harris.
Steve Mather: Hi, good afternoon, Howard.
Howard Lance: Hi.
Steve Mather: Hi, so much to talk about. I will leave to one because your are probably all going to hop on the next call with Stratex. Let's see, you mentioned venturing into new areas by leveraging your knowledge base and history and you've certainly done an unusually good job in the last three years of doing that, and of course you have a pretty good harvest through the next couple of quarters. Without giving away too much, can you discuss the extent to which you still see incremental opportunities for acquisitions the way you have over the last -- let's say the last three years?
Howard Lance: Well, I think my view hasn’t changed too much. We continue to look at strategic acquisitions that would accomplish several objectives, either give a scale in a particular business segment, bring new customers that we think we have synergies with and can leverage other products or systems integration work through them, or fill in geographies that we think offer higher growth and finally would bring us technologies or competency that would be complimentary to our core comps and information systems technology, but something we can get faster than doing ourselves. We try and then map those kinds of target universe of companies with affordability, with the ability to deliver good returns well above our cost to capital within just a few years, to deliver synergy such that deals can be accretive to earnings within kind of the first twelve months is usually what we are targeting. And so, it’s a rich environment, there's lots of targets out there. But I would say very similar to the last three of four years, the ones that offer the fastest growth and the most interest and synergies also are the once that are the higher priced. And so, all I can is that our pipeline of acquisition candidates continuous to be pretty robust and we continue to work on lots of projects, which one's will actually lead to closure we can't say at any given time. But we at the same time are not counting on acquisitions to do the basic blocking and tackling of organic growth and margin expansion. So, I think we have a pretty good balance and I think our results, the last several years would show that we're doing organic improvement, we're also trying to do smart acquisitions.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, we'll take one quick question.
Operator: Certainly, our last question will come form Joe Campbell with Lehman Brothers.
Joe Campbell: Good afternoon, Howard, Gary and Pam, I think a real feet to not just book all the stuff but to build all those radios, so congratulations on congratulations on a good quarter. I think what we are trying to understand from the charts that you've provided with regard to the $6 billion, should we be thinking that you know Harris is kind of a third share you hade at $2.7 billion market and sales of roughly a third of that. Whether or not are you suggesting that at least there is a possibility out there that you could have a third of $6 billion for $2 billion in the kind of '08 timeframe or should we think of these add-ons as more sort of entry into the markets so that your shares should be naturally lower to start with and perhaps a target of 30. So, just a kind of question about how we should interpret this chart you've given us? Thank you.
Gary McArthur: Joe, I think certainly our aspirations in the long term would be to have that kind of market share in new adjacent markets that we have earned in our core markets. But I think it's fair to say that you don't accomplish at day one when you enter a market that you really don't have a presence in and you are doing that organically. You don't go in very often. I don't think there are many examples in business where you would achieve that same market share immediately. But certainly that's our aspiration over the longer term. 2008 is not longer term, so I wouldn't expect to have that kind of market share in 2008 but I am very pleased with the momentum that we have and you know us well enough by now that we wouldn't be talking about those market opportunities in those programs unless we had traction in each of them. So, I feel very good about the progress we are making, not only in RF but at GCSD, in broadcast and of course the progress that Harris Stratex is making in expanding our served markets and driving organic growth. So, again in May we'll talk a lot more about those growth opportunities to our investors as part of our industry today.
Joe Campbell: Well, we and I'm sure all the shareholders hope you make it.
Gary McArthur: Well, thank you. We will make it.
Pamela Padgett: Thank you every one for joining us and let me know how I can help you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-10-26 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Beginning today’s meeting is Pamela Padgett, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, please go ahead ma’am.
Pamela Padgett: Hello and welcome everyone to Harris Corporation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2007 Earnings Call. I am Pamela Padgett Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. With me on the call is Howard Lance, Chairman, President and CEO, Gary McArthur, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Bob Henry, Executive Vice President and President of the Government Communications Systems division. In the course of this teleconference management may make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve assumptions risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to different materially from those statements. For more information and discussion of such assumptions risks and uncertainties please see the press release and filings made by the company with the SEC. In addition to our press release and on this teleconference we will discuss certain financial measures and information that are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measures have been included in the table, our press release and on the investor relations section of our website which is www.harris.com. A replay of this call will also be available on the investor relations section of our website. Howard, it gets turn over to you.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks Pam and thanks to all of you once again for joining us today for our Q1 earnings call. Harris started its new fiscal year with an excellent Q1. Posting outstanding revenue and earnings growth. Revenue for the Q1 was $947 million, a 25% increase compared to the prior year quarter. Organic revenue growth continued at a very strong 18%. Orders in the Q1 increased 53% to $1.1 billion significantly outpacing revenue and setting the stage for a continued growth throughout fiscal year 2007. Orders were higher than the Q1 of fiscal 2006 and each of the company’s four business segments. The sales opportunity funnel continues to be strong and our investments and R&D are creating some very successful new products. Non-GAAP net income in the quarter increased by 48% to $97 million. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.69 per share a 47% increase over the last year. Now let’s get right into the segment results for the quarter. Government communication systems revenue was $459 million, 6% higher compared to the prior quarter as revenue increased across the department of defense, civil programs and technical services business areas. Operating income in the quarter was $53 million. Margins continue to be very strong at 11.5% sales. We believe operating margins in this business of 11% to 12% are healthy, sustainable and above our peers. Revenue growth was primarily driven by three of our largest government systems integration programs. The five year $600 million field data collection automation program through the US Census Bureau. This will enable the first paper less, door to door census in 2010. Harris has already delivered 100 fully functional hand held prototypes with integrated GPS and cellular capabilities and our customer is very satisfied. The ten year $1 billion Patriot operations and maintenance support program for the National Reconnaissance Office also continues to grow. As a result of our progress on this contract we have identified another $40 million in new business opportunities. The $2.2 billion 15-year FAA Telecommunications Infrastructure or FTI program also contributed to revenue growth during the quarter. The FTI scope has been expanded to now include the mission support and satellite communications networks. As you will recall, FTI replaces four decade old Legacy Networks with a single state-of-the-art nationwide network. And significantly increases the number of services available to FAA personal. Users will benefit significantly from enhanced network security, extremely high levels of network reliability and availability and the increased bandwidth. FTI is a significantly forward in technology at a considerable cost savings to the FAA. Let me give you an update on the program. Approximately 85% of the 400 major control facilities are now connected to the FTI network. And these include facilities like control towers, radars sights and root control centers and flight service stations. New equipment has been installed and accepted at some 2000 FAA sites nationwide. And over 9,000 communication services are now connected. We continue to transition about 600 to 800 new services each and every month. The FTI program is expected to save taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars over its program life. A recent FAA analysis of hub sites that have transitioned to FTI projects an estimated 33% cost savings compared to the Legacy Network in the first three years. And this savings increases to 50% in subsequent years. Our national program’s revenue was lower than the prior year in the quarter but there are continuing signs of future improvement. New wings included $44 million in contracts from two large national intelligence customers. Another leading indicator of the future is increased funding for capability studies that we see across the business. Sales increased in our commercial satellite antenna product lines where we are successfully leveraging our strong government legacy position. National programs revenue is expected to be about flat in fiscal 2007 but this market can be a growth driver for Harris growing forward. And it offers excellent margins. Significant new government contracts awarded to Harris in the quarter included the $16 million Future Digital System program for the government printing office. This is our new customer. A potential $21 million avionics contract with Boeing for the Apache Longbow helicopter, $68 million in contracts to supply antennas for four commercial satellites. A one-year $42 million follow-on contact to provide global IT support services to the Bureau of Counselor Affairs for US State Department. A two-year $17 million follow-on contract with Boeing for anti-jam GPS electronics for use on joint direct attack munitions and a two-year $10 million follow-on contract with the US army for multiple launch rocket system electronics. Our pursued pipeline continues to be a very sizable $3.5 billion. This includes proposals outstanding as well as proposals expected to be submitted within the next 90 days. The largest programs expected to be awarded during 2007 fiscal year would include the $200 million innovative space radar antenna technology program for DARPA, expected in January. The $100 million comprehensive large array data stewardship program which will modernize NOAA’s environmental archive that’s expected to be awarded in March. The $200 million GPS-3 satellite program expected in April. The $1.2 billion AEHF Navy Multiband Terminal program, we are expecting that to be awarded in June 2007 and there is also about $100 million of commercial space antenna opportunities that we expect to be awarded during the next nine to 12 months. Let me move on to RF communications. RF began 2007 with a very strong quarter, revenue was $264 million, an increase of 54% over the prior year. Revenue also increased sequentially up 9%, outpacing a strong Q4. Operating income was $88 million in the quarter, increasing 51% over the prior year with operating margins above 33% but the real story here is on orders. Orders more than doubled compared to the year ago quarter and are now expected to exceed $1 billion in fiscal year 2007. As a result we should exit the year with a substantial order backlog of $700 million or more. This substantial level of backlog which support another very strong revenue year in fiscal 2008 for the RF segment. And our pipeline of new products that I am going talk about next continues to open new markets at home and abroad. We are raising our expectation for fiscal 2007 RF revenue by about $16 million thanks to the strong order rates. We continued to see robust demand for our Falcon II radios and government funding is solid. Demand for our new Falcon III radios is also rising with the growing awareness in the market that the Harris Falcon III is a JTRS capable radio. Demand is strong in both the US and international markets. US orders growth in the quarter was driven by multiple new requirements from across the US Department of Defense. New orders included $130 million from the army and $39 million from Marine Corps for Falcon II high frequency radios to be used to support ongoing missions as well as national emergency communications requirements. We received $69 million in the orders from the Marine Corps and $46 million from the army for Falcon II multiband radios. These are going to be used to upgrade and replace Legacy Tactical Radio Systems at both active duty and reserve units. With more than 18,000 units now in the field the Harris Falcon II multiband manpack radio has become a DoD standard. Our international tactical radio business receives significant new orders in the quarter from Algeria and Indonesia. We were also awarded a $7 million order for the Falcon II HF and VHF radios to support the enduring friendship program. This is a US initiative with Caribbean and Central American countries to improve their maritime security capabilities. Phase I of the program included radios for Panama, for  the Dominican Republic, the Bahamas and Jamaica. Also during the quarter the Republic of Georgia Ministry of Defense awarded Harris $10 million order and joined a growing list of the allied nations standardizing on the Harris Falcon radio series. We are continuing to invest for future growth with our Falcon III R&D program. Falcon III technology will build upon the success of our Falcon II. But, it also opens up new markets for Harris. The falcon III multiband handheld known as the AN/PRC-152 and its dual radio vehicular version known as the AN/VRC-110 have been fielded with great success thus far, we have about $80 million in product shipments today. These radios were also creating a widespread awareness of Harris’s utilization of the JTRS Software Communications Architecture. And the ability of the Falcon III to meet today’s mission requirements while also providing compatibility for future JTRS requirements. As new wave forms are developed they can simply be ported into the Harris software defined radio. We have reached a major and very important milestone in July. When the AN/PRC-152 was certified SCA complaint by the JTRS joint program executive office. The Falcon III is the first widely fielded tactical radio to receive JPEO certification and this represents we believe, a significant endorsement in the market place. At the recent AUSA annual meeting and exhibition held in Washington we formally introduced the multiband manpack version of the Falcon III that we currently call the RF 300 MP. This new radio incorporates significant new capabilities. These include wideband secure networking, extended frequency range to 2 gigahertz, L-band SATCOM capability and a significant reduction in both weight and size. The Falcon III manpack will clearly help enable the US military’s transformation to true network centric operations. NSA certification is already underway. And we’ve received several small orders. We expect that the Flacon III manpack will be the first radio to market, with high-speed, wideband networking to be certified by the NSA. The radio should be shipping in the Q1 fiscal 2008. We also conducted a number of live demonstrations at this exhibition for army, Marine Corps and Department of Defense Executives. We demonstrated the capability of our Falcon III to deliver unprecedented levels of battlefield networking performance. Simultaneous communications of multiple video feeds, situational awareness data and voice communications over all of the radios on the network. This information was communicated over multiple Falcon III manpack and vehicular radios as well as over prototypes types of our new Personal Role Radio or PRR currently in development and aimed at individual soldier use. All of these radios were equipped with the Harris ANW 2 to wideband ad hoc networking wave form. We also showcased the Falcon III incorporating the APCO 25 wave form. Now APCO 25 is important because it is the new digital standard in use by fire and police radio systems at virtually all state and local levels. We all know that communications interoperability between military and public safety officials is a crucial element in successfully responding to local disaster situations. At another exhibition the African aerospace exhibition we introduced our new secure personal radio and this is currently been developed for international markets. This new radio brings secure digitized voice and data communications to the individual soldier in a pocket sized configuration. The SPR is scheduled also for production in fiscal 2008. So lots of exciting things going on in the RF division. Let me now move on to the microwave communication segment. Microwave had revenue and orders growth and strong operating performance once again in the quarter. Revenue increased to $94 million, 24% above the prior year. This is the seventh consecutive quarter that orders are been higher than sales and we continue to built order backlog. Operating performance was solid and operating income was $8 million with margins at 8.4% and this was compare to only $3 million in income and 4% margins in the year ago quarter. Higher sales and higher gross margins were driven by strong true point product line performance across the board. Strong demand for our products continued on a global basis. In North America mobile operators continue to upgrade and expand their networks to enable new data audio and video services and private networks continued to upgrade for increased reliability, survivability, and interoperability.  We expect capital spending growth to continue and we also expect demand to be stimulated in North America by the up coming 2 gigahertz spectrum relocation. We think earlier demand from this relocation could be seen as soon as our Q3 in fiscal 2007. Increased international demand continues to be driven by network expansions at a diverse and growing customer base throughout West Africa, East Africa, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe. Major orders in the quarter came from regional customers, places like Nigeria, Tanzania, Kenya, Iraq, and Mexico. Harris also signed a five-year frame agreement during the quarter with Africa’s largest mobile telecom provider, MTN group. Harris will supply digital microwave radios for both back call and access application across MTN’s expansive networks throughout Africa. This agreement builds on our previous success with MTN where you might recall Harris helped design and deploy their backbone network across Africa called the Yellow Bahn. During the quarter Harris also received its first order from a major European telecom system supplier for our high capacity 2.5000 microwave radios. These are going to deployed for a large 3G operator in Indonesia. And with follow on orders expected. As part of our focus on international growth in the Indian subcontinent we signed up three new resellers to expand business in Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. We also signed up a partner agreement to provide in country services on micro-wave implementations in India. Turning next to new product development I am pleased to say that our next generation wireless transport solution is tracking to our planned rollout schedule. The 2.6000 is directed at the higher capacity long haul segment of the microwave market. We have successfully demonstrated high levels of traffic on our TR6000 prototypes in the lab. And we expect to release the first radars to production on schedule during our fiscal Q3 of this year. And finally the proposed combination of our Microwave Communications Division with Stratex Networks that we announced back on September 5th is continuing to move through the regulatory approval process. We still believe that combining these businesses will create greater scale and deliver complementary global distribution channels and unmatched product portfolio and the potential for significant business cost savings. Let me move on now to broadcast. Revenue in the broadcast communication segment was $140 million. And that’s up 59% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Revenue benefited from our prior year acquisitions of Leitch Technology, Optimal Solutions, and Aastra Digital Video. Excluding the acquisitions, revenue was about flat with the prior year. Operating income was $9 million in Q1 compared to non-GAAP operating income of $6 million in the prior year and that excluded charges in fiscal ‘06. There are lots of moving parts in the broadcast segment with our four business areas, television systems, radio systems, software, and video distribution products along with the impact of all of these acquisitions. So today I’m going to spend just a little extra time in the segment to discuss both the quarter and our outlook in a little greater detail. Revenue and income in the quarter were negatively impacted by an industry wide supply chain shortage of lead free electronic components required by the European Union Environmental Regulations that became effective on July 1st. Lead times on some of these components were extended very quickly to as long as 14 weeks. We also had some difficulty this quarter in turning new orders that were received very late in the quarter into revenue. We estimate the combined impact on revenue of these two items was about $10 million with lower income of about $6 million. We believe these problems are now largely behind us as we move forward. The good news is we have very strong orders momentum in the broadcast segment in the quarter and I believe this bodes well for improving results going forward. New orders more than doubled compared to the same quarter last year and were higher than revenue. And even excluding acquisitions, organic orders growth was about 35% in the quarter led by very strong software system orders. Harris received a significant software order from British Sky Broadcasting also known as BSkyB, a leading content provider with more than 8 million subscribers in the UK and Ireland. Harris will provide our new H-Class enterprise software solution for controlling, monitoring, and executing pretty complex advertising schemes at BSkyB. This will be one of the largest airtime sales system installations in the world. Significant software orders were also received from two major US television station groups including Albritton Communications and its 9 ABC affiliate stations. This was for our optimal solutions airtime sales traffic and billing software. The OSI side platform can support a single call letter station or scale to support a larger station group as is the example with Albritton. While software systems revenue was about flat in this quarter we are very well positioned with our software business going forward. Our new H-Class platform offers unparalleled enterprise wide functionality for our global customers that need and demand that. And the recent acquisition of the OSI product line hit the sweet spot for our US station group clients. We believe that the roll out of IPTV will eventually offer software systems revenue growth for us. But the slower rate of equipment investment by companies such as AT&T is pushing revenue beyond fiscal 2007. As a result of this IPTV market dynamics and a bits slower than expected growth in the automation software market we have reduced our software revenue outlook in this fiscal year by about $15 million. Now I should emphasis that we are coming of a very strong fiscal 2006 for the software business. With revenue and profits benefiting from several large nonrecurring projects in some of the global networks. By the Q4 of 2007 we believe we’ll see year-over-year software revenue growth returning. Turning to the radio systems business, radio transmission orders were higher in the quarter compared to last year as was revenue. The transition to HD radio in the US is progressing nicely with 1000 stations now on the air and that’s about double last years number. During the quarter, Harris became the exclusive HD radio transmission supplier for Radio 1, a leading station group. We clearly made good progress with our radio business. We expect to see solid revenue growth throughout fiscal 2007. Television transmission orders declined year-over-year in the quarter as did revenue. While US stations are required by the FCC to be fully transitioned to digital broadcasting by February 2009 there appeared to be deferring capital spending on the remaining digital transmitter needs as long as possible. Perhaps the FCC has trained our customers to believe these deadlines are not real. But whatever the case may be investments have not picked up. We talked about the fact that mobile television offers an opportunity for transmission revenue growth in the longer term. But for now the focus of Qualcomm and others is on continuing doing progress on the new technology that’s required for successful and reliable over the year transmission a broadcast quality video to a variety of different kinds of portable devices. While Harris is deeply involved in field-testing activities worldwide on this technology and we do expect to be a major player on this developing market. We do not expect much revenue to materialize in fiscal 2007. So as a result of the digital TV and mobile TV market situations we have reduced our TV transmission revenue outlook in fiscal 2007 by about $25 million. We are reallocating our resources within broadcast to other areas of the business that are growing, have lots of opportunity for future growth including and especially our video distribution business. Orders and video distribution experienced strong double digit growth once again in the quarter as a conversion to digital studio and master control operations continues. As a reminder, this business includes the video processing and distribution, test and measurement and digital media product lines from the former Leitch technology business along with the Harris Legacy and recently acquired ASTRA networking products. While revenue in the Q1 was impacted by the lead free component shortages I spoke about we are still expecting double digit revenue growth in the video distribution business for our fiscal 2007 in total. The introduction rate of new video distribution products is a key driver of our revenue growth going forward. Among the new products demonstrated at the recent IBC exhibition in Amsterdam was the video tech quick media analysis server system. This is a fully automated test and measurement platform designed to verify the quality of ingested digital content. We also showcased the new G series live production graphic system at the show. Our strategy for the broadcast business will continue to be focused on extending the breadth and penetration of our total solutions offering. We expect to drive higher growth in attractive markets by positioning Harris as the industry supplier choice with an integrated array of hardware and software solutions and with unmatched customer support. The acquisitions we have made have done exactly this and have positioned us to better capitalize on the transition to digital in the market place. The companies we have acquired offer some of the best solutions in the industry. We are completing the integration of the Harris and Leitch technology sales forces with regional leaders now in place in the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. The new sales structure will drive incremental revenue growth by leveraging the division’s broad portfolio of hardware and software solutions presenting one integrated Harris broadcast communications offering to customers and prospects worldwide. Several orders in the quarter suggest we are on exactly the right path. For example, Harris is providing the largest digital satellite television provider in Turkey with play out automation software, but not just that. We are also providing servers, routers, a branding solution and a broadcast test and measurement equipment solution. For VT communications in the UK, Harris is providing a complete solution that includes our net express audio over IP platform, play out automation software, workflow software and our NetBoss network management and monitoring software for their new multi platform global content distribution system. Another target for growth is the government market and more specifically military based communications infrastructure. We booked our first significant order this quarter, where Harris is deploying servers, networking equipment and digital asset management solutions on two US army bases. Now similar to our broadcast customers these users have large appetite for ingesting, storing, adding reference data and analyzing, archiving, retrieving and transporting large quantities of digital video content. This particular application is related to military training exercises where video will be captured from more than 60 different sources, including night-vision cameras. In summary of the Broadcast segment, video distribution equipment revenue growth should continue to be at double-digit levels and we expect to deliver on the fiscal 2007 earnings secretion from the Leitch Technology acquisition. Radio transmission revenue growth should continue, thanks to our strong position in HD Radio. Software revenue will likely be about $15 million lower than our prior expectation due to market dynamics in IPTV and flatness in automation. And television transmission revenue will likely be about $25 million lower than our prior expectation due to lower fiscal 2007 order rates in DTV and mobile TV. I want to emphasize though that the fundamentals in the broadcast market remain very positive, and Harris is well positioned to create significant shareholder value in the segment. Our revised Broadcast segment outlook for 2007 is about 15% revenue growth and 10% to 11% operating margins. I also want to remind you that our Broadcast business is in very good hands. Tim Thorsteinson is a 15-year broadcast industry veteran. He’s got a solid track record and he has a very experienced management teams surrounding him. They know how to manage cost and focus R&D investment to drive profitable growth. I’d now like to ask Harris’s Chief Financial Officer, Gary McArthur to give you his comments.
Gary L. McArthur: Thank you, Howard. Good evening. Before discussing Harris’s financial position, I would like to make a few additional remarks regarding the proposed combination of our microwave business with Stratex Networks. All required antitrust filings have been made and the Form S-4 has been filed with the SEC for the review and comments. We anticipate proxy materials will be sent in late November to Stratex Networks shareholder seeking their approval of the merger. The closing is expected to occur early in calendar year 2007. As set forth in the S-4 materials, the newly formed public company, Harris Stratex Networks, Inc. will be traded on the NASDAQ global markets and will have the same June fiscal year end as Harris Corporation. Both the Harris’ Microwave and the Stratex Networks management teams are fully engaged in anticipation of the closing. Integration teams has been formed and cost saving targets assigned to each team. Forecasted savings from synergies for fiscal 2008 remain at $35 million to $40 million with estimated acquisition and integration cost that will impact the new company’s income statement, estimated at $40 million to $45 million. The majority of the acquisition and integration related costs are expected to be incurred in fiscal 2007. And after netting out the effects of minority interest are expected to negatively impact Harris Corporation’s fiscal 2007 EPS by approximately $0.12. Harris Corporation will also realize a substantial gain at the time of the merger closing. The gain can only be calculated as of the closing because it is dependent upon Stratex Networks’ closing date share price. Using the Stratex Networks share price as of yesterday’s close, Harris would have recorded a gain of $0.82 per diluted share. A detailed description of the calculation for determining the gain is available on our website. Excluding the above described acquisition and integration costs and a significant expected one time gain, the transaction is expected to be neutral to Harris Corporation earnings in fiscal 2007 and accreted by $0.07 per diluted share in fiscal 2008. I will now move to a discussion of Harris Corporation’s financial position. Our financial position continues to be very strong. Cash and cash equivalents were $296 million at the end of Q1. Cash flow generated from operating activities was $54 million in Q1 compared to $86 million in Q1 of fiscal 2006.  All four segments generated positive cash flow on the quarter.  RF Communications, Broadcast, and Microwave posted higher cash flow. While cash flow from operating activities at Government Communication Systems were lower due to unusually strong collections in Q1 of 2006. The $54 million of operating cash flow in Q1 is consistent with our internal plan. And our full year estimated cash flow from operations for fiscal 2007 is now between $400 billion and $450 billion. As amortization of intangibles as a result of acquisitions is significantly impacting our financial results, we believe EBITDA to be an addition measure for consideration in determining the operational help of the company. EBITDA on a GAAP basis increased from $104 million in Q1 of fiscal 2006 to $164 million in Q1 of the fiscal 2007 or 58%. This large increase was led by growth in RF Communications earnings and the improved earnings of both Microwave and Broadcast. EBITDA as a percentage of revenue also increased from 13.6% in the prior year quarter to 17.3% in the current quarter. Asset management results were mixed. Day sales outstanding were 56 days. Inventory turns were five times and that net operating working capital at the end of the quarter was $395 million or 10.8% annualized sales. The higher working capital is primarily due to investments in the FTI program at our Government Communications Systems Division.  The FTI investment is expected to peak in the second half of this fiscal year. Return on invested capital was very strong at 18.8% in the quarter just ended. Capital expenditures including capitalized software were $35 million in the quarter. We continue to expect to spend near the same levels as last year on capital expenditures and capitalized software at between $140 and $150 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter increased from $20.2 million to $27.3 million primarily due to amortization of intangibles resulting from the acquisitions of Leitch, OSI, and Aastra. Depreciation and amortization is expected to be between $120 million and $130 million for fiscal year 2007. In the quarter we bought back 1,600 shares of common stock at an average price of $43.03. Under our existing repurchase program, we have authorization to repurchase 3.4 million additional shares. We will continue to repurchase shares of common stock to offset the diluted effect of shares issued under our stock incentive plans as we go forward. Finally, as a result of the previously announced favorable tax settlement of $12 million in Q1, our outlook for the full year tax rate is 33%. Noting that the tax rate for any given quarter to vary up or down as a result of discrete tax events occurring therein. Let me now turn the time back to Howard.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks, Gary, let me close by summarizing our consolidated financial outlook for the year. Since our last earnings call in July, we have increased earns guidance for fiscal year 2007 by an additional $0.10 per share. So non-GAAP earnings guidance for 2007 is now $2.70 to do $2.80 per share. This represents a year-over-year increase of about 24% compared to a prior year non-GAAP earnings of $2.22 per share. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of 13% to 15% higher than fiscal 2006 with strong organic revenue growth of 11% to 12%. In our Government Communication System segment we are increasing our expected fiscal ‘07 revenue growth to 5% to 7% higher than fiscal 2006. Operating margins are expected to continue to be in the 11% to 12% range. In the RF Communication segment, we are increasing expected fiscal 2007 revenue growth to 30% to 35% higher than fiscal 2006 and operating margins should be approximately 34% for the year. For our Microwave segment, we are also increasing our expected fiscal 2007 revenue growth to 10% to 15% higher than fiscal 2006. We expect operating margins for the year in total to be in the 9% to 10% range. And finally I already discussed in the Broadcast segment, we are lowering our expected fiscal ‘07 revenue growth to approximately 15% higher than fiscal 2006 with operating margins in the 10% to 11% range. At this point I’ll ask the operator open the line and we’ll take some of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll hear first from Chris Donaghey of Suntrust.
Chris Donaghey: Hi, good evening guys.
Howard L. Lance: Good evening
Chris Donaghey: Howard, first of all on the Tactical Radio market, is there any way that you can help quantify for us what the growth outlook is for the market over the, say, two or three-year time frame and how you should grow relative to that because again I continue to believe that there has been an intent enough scrutiny on your Tactical Radio business, so if you could help kind of put some quantification around the growth parameters for that business over the next couple of years it might help.
Howard L. Lance: I think there has been undue concerned about the future of that business gross. Yeah, do I expect growth at RF in fiscal 2008? Absolutely, I think our strategies for growth at that division are clearly working based on the results. We have higher expectations for new orders in fiscal 2007 I’ve discussed those. We’ll exit the year with substantial order backlog. We have got, I think a significant new product pipeline, pumping out new things force to sell with lots of new features. We talked about previous the Falcon III handheld in vehicular version, now we have all set for 2008, the manpack versions of Falcon III. We’ve had additional offerings in the secure comms arena coming online. I talked in the comments about the development of our Personal Role Radio for US customers and also the Secure Personal Radio for international customers. All of these products are going to help driving incremental growth in fiscal 2008 and beyond. And we have talked previously about the significant international radio opportunities in countries like Pakistan, Mexico, UAE, Iraq, Algeria and these are all starting to come in to focus. I think it’s premature for me to provide a specific number on that trend line, but I am feeling very positive and confident in our ability to continue to grow that business and continue to gain market share.
Chris Donaghey: Okay, great thanks, that helps a lot on the broadcast segment, as you look what happened in the quarter and how you have adjusted the outlook going forward, what surprises you most about the negative changes that you made first of all and second of all on the transmission side do you have a percentage in terms of how many stations still need to go through additional infrastructure build out to get to either full power or the redundancies that they currently possess on the analog side.
Howard L. Lance: Well, on the first part of your question I would have to absolutely say that the weakness in the TV transmission business was not expected when we put together our plan for the year and the order magnitude of that decline, $25 million or thereabouts is about a $100 million business base. So it’s a significant number. We should have perhaps in hindsight expected the take up of mobile TV to go more slowly, that’s not a question of “if” in my opinion, it’s a question of when. We are very well positioned and I would tell you that the slower adoption in the market has caused us to gain a lot of ground on competition over that time frame. I am surprised about digital TV. We still has to make there -- $250 to $300 million of transmitters that should be purchased in order to fill out the complete capability for broadcast including redundancy. Now whether they will put all that redundancy and by the February ‘09 date or not is hard to say, but we continue to be disappointed at the rate at which they are ordering. We are out communicating with customers Chris, that there is only so much capacity in our factory, we are not going to increase capacity to handle a big spike and I am optimistic at some point that’s going to start loading up the factory, but we felt it was prudent at this point to revise our outlook in that part of the business and because those are very high margin products at the gross margin line. It had a major impact on our profitability expectations for the year. The reason I want to go through the detail in the four different product areas within broadcast is that the some are clearly on track. One or two odd and I think its important to understand some of those moving parts which we understand they are -- complicated for you all to understand because we’ve just reported the segment level normally.
Chris Donaghey: Okay, great thanks and nice quarter guys.
Operator: Next we will hear from Joe Campbell of Lehman Brothers.
Joe Campbell: Yes, good evening, its and actually (inaudible) good quarter.
Howard L. Lance: Thanks Carter, how are you.
Unidentified Analyst: Doing just fine and I wondered as the RF communication segment continues to just be as impressive as it can be and I wondered if you can characterize as we look forward in ‘07 and ‘08, there seems to be a slowdown in both the army’s and the marine corps’ demand for more equipment and I wondered if you can characterize the capacity in RF com and if there is any way that we run into some sort of capacity constraints out there because these levels are quite high and very impressive.
Bob Henry: Yeah, its Bob Henry, let me take the question. From a capacity standpoint I think already we’ve told you that we have made investments up in the RF area from a facility standpoint and from a line stand point. We continue to look at that and surely can make more investments if we need to going forward. At this point in time we see no constraints on our ability to produce at the quantities that we are anticipating that the DoD, so all of the services will need going forward. So we don’t see any constraints at this point in time.
Howard L. Lance: You might recall, we put on a fair amount of capacity in advance of launching the Falcon III handheld and we feel like this is a real competitive advantage that we have by running this as a commercial business and we are willing to make those kinds of investments and I think you see from continued results that its paying off and its generating very good returns for the capital that we are investing in the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I mean it’s certainly impressive, I wondered if you might have any comments on with respect to cash deployment I mean, it seems the financial position continues to improve and are there things that catch your eye or are focuses in terms of cash deployment that we should keep an eye open for.
Howard L. Lance: We certainly have plenty of cash available to fund our internal needs for capital investment and then some, we all use that cash either for strategic acquisitions if we find those that are in fact strategic and can be creative in great value in the absence of that in the long run, we’ll find a way to pay down debts or distributed shareholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much and good quarter.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: Now from BMO Capital Market we will hear from John Bucher.
John Bucher: Thank you, Howard, I want to see if I can, maybe take as stab at trying to demystify the perpetual growth you seem to have in RF there. It would appear that, from the standpoint of the overall network effect and the multimode complete solution that you guys outlined before that the Falcon III can provide, that once the Manpac does get fielded you’ll have complete communications capability from command and control down to standard vehicles as well as individual soldiers and marines. I’m wondering, some of the network effect that comes from your being able to field a solution now that it truly does cross what had previously been silos and maybe is that one of the reasons why you are saying this incredible up taken demand and why it may actually still continue or is that you have to be felt. And then secondly with the international exposure is there any chance that you might be able to disclose what the breakdown was between international and US or whether you’ll do that going forward if international becomes large enough, thank you.
Howard L. Lance: While I certainly think you are right on target in terms of some of the excitement that is generated by the demonstrations that we do. We have very quickly transformed ourselves from simply being viewed as a limited focused high frequency radio supplier in to a supplier of a broad range of products and systems across the net. And we continue not just to talk about that but when we can do a demonstration that has vehicular radios, it has manpack radios, it has handheld radios, it has prototype individual Personal Role Radios, all being able to pass this huge amount of content across the network simultaneously utilizing our own internal developed wide band ad hoc way form that’s impressing our customers. These products are largely available today or let’s say within the next year where the services would have to wait 2010, 2011 perhaps if these products are developed under the JTRS program. So this certification and stamp of approval, if you will from the JPEO for JTRS was extremely important and has been viewed as a very significant move by our customers. On the international side, we will be in 2007 I think orders will probably be around 60, 40, maybe a little higher than 60, 40 with the higher number being US government customers. But in absolute terms, the international order rate will grow over last year and revenue will grow over last year. As you have heard me say before I think this is -- there is a wave out there for international that will follow on with the US and while I can’t be specific on which country will buy when, there is a lot of demand. And we have seen it too many times to believe it will be anything other than that, that there will be follow-on business and adoption of these technologies in allied countries that the US adopting. So all of these things are causing us to feel, as I think you can tell pretty optimistic about 08 and beyond for RF as well as for the rest of the company. It’s not the only part of the business that’s growing. We really have a lot of things, a lot more working well rather than not, and in any good size business you are going to have a couple of hiccups in the quarter, but overall we feel very positive about our ability to continue to grow the top line of the corporation and continue to expand earnings.
John Bucher: One last question, the Falcon III availability date, the manpack date that you gave, is that for both the standard manpack radio and the high-capacity data radio, will both those radios be available on that date?
Howard L. Lance: We are not certain. I know what it is for the manpack and the large getting item for that is NSA certification. We think it’s important they certify it. We could be in production sooner, but we are going to wait until they certify to go in a production. And clearly that will be a good growth driver for 2008 force.
John Bucher: Thank you.
Operator: Now we’ll here from Joe Nadol of JP Morgan.
Joe Nadol: Thanks, good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance: Hi, Joe.
Joe Nadol: Hi, I guess to just start on the Broadcast side Encoda, is the legacy in Encoda business is where you are seen the $15 million hit, is that accurate?
Howard L. Lance: Well, the answer is yes and no. We had an automation business as well as Encoda had an automation business. So within software there is kind of two pieces, there is the software that runs the master control in an automated way. We had expected growth this year. The business isn’t declining, but we are just not seeing growth in that product line. The other part of the product line is the airtime sales, scheduling, and billing software which came from Encoda. We have now refreshed that and what we call the H-Class product line. And then we added in the OSI focused on US station group customers. Again that business isn’t declining but it is relatively flattish for this year. And again you have to also remember the business model we run there, we -- instead of selling licenses we essentially rent the software to a customer. So we make it a five-year order worth, let’s say, $25 million but we will build that in revenue $5 million a year. So it doesn’t drive revenue growth in the year as much as it builds your contract backlog and creates this wonderful good margin annuity going forward. The biggest disappointment in all of that, really again is not a decline but we had hoped that IPTV market as materialized will allow us to wrap software and some hardware around those implementations. And AT&T, one of the domestic leaders, has talked a lot externally about again not if they are doing it but when the rollout schedule and is just moving a little slower. So we are still going to have growth in the overall division this year this year but not at the rate that we had hoped. I still think the business is solid, is going to see accelerated growth again in ‘08 and beyond.
Joe Nadol: Okay, do you feel like there is a competitive issue if someone come with a competing solution to H-Class or simply and purely a market phenomena?
Howard L. Lance: I believe it’s a market phenomenon, that doesn’t mean that we don’t occasionally lose deals but I talked about our (inaudible) and a couple of others that I couldn’t disclose to the customer. Those were absolutely head-to-head shootouts with competitors that had been winning and instead we are now winning. So I actually think we turn the tide in the market on those product lines. Things never improve quite at the rate that you hope. We never like to take guidance down on any aspect of our business certainly, but we’d rather try and be candid about the path we are on for this year. We took three of the segments up and we took one down.
Joe Nadol: When you think about the Broadcast sector big picture, it’s where you have been focusing all your or the vast majority of your capitals --
Howard L. Lance: Yes.
Joe Nadol: -- and sequential acquisitions.
Howard L. Lance: Yes.
Joe Nadol: And you have a couple areas -- I mean you have sort of what seems like a one-time execution issue because of supplier, the availability of components but you have a couple areas where you have demands on a little short, do you see -- I mean this is a lower visibility business it is clearly on the defense side.
Howard L. Lance: Yes
Joe Nadol: Do you feel like, I mean how do you sort of balance the lower visibility and the fact that you are putting in, this is where again you are targeting your acquisitions and on top of that where are you today, you didn’t make any acquisition this past quarter, what are your thoughts today as to the future capital going into this area?
Howard L. Lance: Well, clearly both of our commercial businesses, Joe, are not going to have that kind of backlog entering a quarter, the kind of visibility as a defense side. On the other hand, they offer significantly higher, I believe, long-term inherent growths rates because of the global market they serve. And they offer a significantly more margin expansion opportunity. I mean we are at 270 to 280 a share non-GAAP this year with Broadcast a barely in double-digit return on sales and Microwave is still slightly below double-digit. That says there are significant upsides as those margins do continue to improve. I still believe strategically broadcast are very good place to invest and as there are additional strategic acquisitions available at reasonable prices that which fill out our portfolio, I think you would see continued investment there. Having said that, they got to be strategic and they have to be reasonably priced and we can’t say as to whether those opportunities will occur and exactly when they’ll occur. But the Leitch acquisition is been a good one. We really now have this broad and wide solutions offering and just gave a few examples in the call of how those are-- that capability is turning into real orders and I really feel like we are just getting started in terms of really making that a realization of all of these capability we have. So, you deal with the issues as they emerge but I don’t want anyone to get the impression that the business is broken and going in the wrong direction. We are making improvement and there is more right than wrong but, have a little patience I think the returns in this business are going to be good and we are going to look back a few years from now and be very pleased about the investments that we made. Time will tell but I still believe that way.
Joe Nadol: Do you think there is some of the -- weakness in some of the end markets is presenting any kind of opportunities with regard to pricing and some of the acquisitions you might be looking at.
Howard L. Lance: Potentially.
Joe Nadol: Okay, and then just one more, on the budget looking at the FY07 budget and the bridge, and it always very difficult to find all the radio funding, it looked like in the base budget the numbers, where may be a little disappointing, in the bridge looks like the marine corps got pretty well funded and the army didn’t. I guess thoughts on how we can kind of interpret all this data.
Howard L. Lance: There is lots of moving parts I think is the answer. There has been a lot of so-called reprogramming of dollars, all the services seem to have a fair amount of flexibility and working with Congress on reprioritization of needs and while you are correct, some of those line items weren’t as big as they had been or as big as maybe even requested. But in fact so the orders have exceeded some of those and so, I really think, while that’s interesting information, it’s really all about the prioritization of the spending. We still believe that communications will continue for sometime to be -- one of the top one or two or three priorities information transmission to the soldier in the field is just critical in terms of them getting intelligence and data to maximize their impact, minimize their casualties and I just don’t see that changing in foreseeable future. Certainly we continue to work hard as our customer and making sure that funding is there. We can guarantee funding and I don’t have a crystal ball into government fiscal year ’08 or beyond. But I am absolutely certain that the demand is going to be there. And based on everything we’ve seen the funding is still tracking.
Joe Nadol: Okay thanks Howard.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Padgett we are at the one hour mark, we still have some more questions in the queue.
Howard L. Lance: Let’s continue please.
Operator: All right, we will be hearing now from Steve Mather of Sanders Morris.
Steve Mather: Thank you good afternoon.
Howard L. Lance: Hi Steve.
Steve Mather: Hi, well first off, congratulations on your execution, sometimes this proves elusive for some other companies. but you seem to have that clearly under control.
Howard L. Lance: Thank you, we set pretty high expectations so, we don’t even like to stumble a little bit.
Steve Mather: Right, there is one area that’s interesting to me and that’s the positioning I mean in each segment you have a very interesting story. Do you think its back a year to -- and then basically why we expect that to continue long, because you really have done a unique job, I mean some firms can execute but you have also positioned yourself in a pretty unique way across a couple of different segments pretty successfully.
Howard L. Lance: Well, it’s an ongoing process, we have put in place a pretty rigorous strategic planning process in the company I would say. I think it’s improved every year. I think the engagement from the operating divisions is higher than it’s ever been in our company on driving future growth. And I think that our operating executives realize that to do that it’s not just doing things right. But it’s doing the right things. So we spent a lot more time talking about markets and customers and position in markets and scale and competitive advantage and differentiation and I would like to think that the sum of all those with the efforts of the top 40 or 50 executives in the company is what you are seeing in the results be it in strategic acquisitions, be at in our new product development priorities or be it in our geographical focus not just in the US but around the world. It’s a never-ending process though because competition doesn’t sit still, they react which forces us to react so. Its not anything that you ever done with but thanks for your comments I think we are doing better and its that whole process that convinces especially Gary and Bob and I that even though we had this tremendous success and growth over the last four years, there is still so much more opportunity out there and so much more that Harris can take advantage of regardless of the climate of markets. So the climate of competition, we have big markets we serve. We have wonderful technology to go after that and we really have strong customer relationships. So I would like to think there are even more opportunities going forward for us to have new strategies and then hopefully to execute.
Steve Mather: Thanks.
Operator: Now we will hear from Byron Callan of Prudential equity.
Byron Callan: Yeah, thanks. Howard just a clarification, in you are opening remarks did you say that the 2007 orders per RF would be about a billion dollars and the backlog about 700 or.
Howard L. Lance: Yes, that’s correct Byron I said that based on the strong start in the Q1 with RF orders and our expectations in visibility we think we will once again in ‘07 as we were in ‘06 be a above $1 billion in new orders in RF and that given the backlog, we started the year at -- that order outlook and the outlook that we provided for revenue growth of up 30% to 35% that will end up the year with $700 million or more in ending year backlog which than sets this up for growth in a way.
Byron Callan: Okay, good, and then how many -- I mean it just -- it really got back to Chris’ question and its clearly been something that’s been on my mind for a while with Harris, but when you look at the total market you guys do the investor conference and I think you laid out a range of. They were either sized in terms of dollar amount or in some cases radios, but it look like it was $2.5 billion to maybe $3 billion in opportunities, you recognize there is some international opportunities are out there but when you run at this billion-dollar run rate I mean is there just that much more that you are seeing that you haven’t really been able to identify but you are clearly very confident about this business. And I’m kind of trying to square that with what came out in the market investor meeting and the markets that were identified at that that time.
Howard L. Lance: Well, it’s a very good question, Byron. And you are right we did size the RF market at around $3 billion. I think what sets us apart in our Government businesses not just RF but also GCSD from many other players has been two or three things: number one, our ability to gain market share.
Byron Callan: Right.
Howard L. Lance: So it’s not just the size of the market at how it’s growing but we have shown a consistent ability to gain market share. Second, we have shown the ability to change the size of the market by introducing products that move us into new segments. Whether it is the SINCGARS replacement market which where we are not a player in, whether it’s the handheld multi-band market which we were not a player in, whether it’s secure communications products, which we are becoming a bigger player in, whether it’s going forward with Personal Role radios. Whether it’s international where frankly we were player in HF but not much else and now we are selling and believe we can lots of additional radios. So it’s this combination affect of the market having good growth. But gaining market share as a result of the strategies, aimed at customers and segments, and expanding the size of the market. The other thing I think that differentiates us over in our Government Systems integration business is we are not totally dependent just on DOD and intelligence. We have a large and growing information technology business and developing solutions for customers like the FAA and the Senses Bureau. And providing ongoing support services for people like the NRO and so you know, even though we are not the biggest, we are very diversified in that business and that, plus our operating really as a commercial business in Europe division really do set us apart a little bit from other companies. I think that sometimes you know, because we are a multiple division companies, sometimes it takes little more work to understand us as opposed to a pure play company. But sometimes we also get lumped all things that are going to slow down, the low single-digits in defense. And we just don’t see that for our company and quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year so far at least we are demonstrating that with our results and we hope to be able to continue to do that going forward.
Byron Callan: Okay, yes -- no I was just really specifically looking at -- I understand the total size of the market and stuff, but it was the opportunity set  that you guys have broken out. There were a number of slides that showed up, the army to high frequency standardization, for example, around 400 million. That’s kind of what I was driving and I understand the total size of market, I was looking at the opportunities set that you guys have identified back in March and its sounds like that’s expanded. I’m just trying to figure out where it expanded in relative to your base line that we are set last march. I’m going to follow up with if you want you know offline, but --
Howard L. Lance: Well, I certainly think your point there at the end is the right one, that’s you know a lot changed in the last six months. And clearly some of this market opportunities have gotten significantly larger and funding is available that has enabled that, I anticipate as we go forward and give our next investor briefing or some various presentations we are going to be doing at investor conferences that -- we will spend sometime talking about our view of that market today versus a year ago, so we can help to make that a little more clear so thanks for the question.
Byron Callan: That would be terrific, thanks a lot Howard.
Pamela Padgett: Operator, take one more question.
Operator: Yes, ma’am our last question will come from James Mcilree with Unterberg, Towbin.
James Mcilree: Thank you, Howard the IPTV slowdown you are seeing is that just domestic or international also and then secondly is there any intention to get in to the Apco market as -- with the stand alone radio?
Howard L. Lance: Our visibility in the IPTV is pretty global. I think we are seeing but we are probably more concentrated in the US and where we had expected to see growth from that new market, with more in the US Jim, so hence my comment on AT&T. So we were pretty focused on the US. I’ve read some reports from other companies that serve that more broadly around the world and I think that everyone believes its going to become reality but it is also every capital intensive kind of like 3G investments. I think some people are trying to prove out the business case before they get to far head of themselves. So I know there are some international slowdown as well but the impact on us was largely domestic. On your later question all I can say is that it’s a market we continue to watch. We think this link between the military radio and government, federal government capability to communicate with state and local is hugely important. Right now we think we can participate in that at the federal level, we continue to look at the state and local level but at this point that is not a market that we are going to enter.
Operator: Great, thank you every one for joining us today and I am sorry we didn’t get to all of our questions.
