===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the LKQ Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lucy, and I will be coordinating your call today. During the presentation, you can register a question by pressing star followed by one. I will now hand over to your host, Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations at LKQ Corporation, to begin. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Justin Jude, LKQ Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rick Galloway, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ Corporation website at lkqcorp.com for the earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-Ks, which we filed earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to CEO, Justin Jude.
Justin Jude: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. Since the tariffs were announced on April 2, much has changed, capturing the interest of all of us on this call and affecting the global economy. Before discussing tariffs, I would like to address several topics concerning our people, our operations, and our performance. What sets us apart from our competition is our dedicated workforce, which we consider to be our most valuable asset. To ensure their safety, we implemented in-cab monitoring equipment in our fleet last year, achieving 95% coverage in North America by the end of Q1. This initiative has led to a nearly 40% reduction in on-the-road accidents, and we aim to implement these features in Europe where feasible. We value talent development and have launched our global talent development function to unify our workforce through leadership competencies and career planning. In February, a cohort of high-potential global leaders began attending sessions to promote learning and idea sharing. This initiative will also help facilitate best practice sharing between our North America and European operations. During the quarter, we also held both our North American and European leadership conferences, bringing together more than 1,300 of our top global leaders to align on our strategy and goals. As anticipated, part of the discussion revolved around navigating recent tariff developments in challenging macroeconomic conditions. Despite these challenges, our team managed to meet our expectations, achieving earnings per share at $0.79 for the quarter. Although the markets present uncertainties, we must continue executing our simplification strategy without delay. I will highlight some of our operational accomplishments during the segment breakout, and Rick will provide more detail later in the call. Regarding our ongoing strategy to simplify the portfolio, we divested two operations, a self-serve yard in Florida and a Europe-based non-core leisure business, demonstrating our commitment to streamlining our portfolio. We remain committed to a balanced capital allocation strategy incorporating dividends, share repurchases, and maintaining our investment-grade rating. During the quarter, we repurchased 1,000,000 shares for about $40,000,000 and paid $78,000,000 in dividends in March. Now moving to our segments. North America's organic revenue fell by 4.1% per day, which is less of a decline than the last three quarters of 2024 amid a nearly 10% decline in repairable claims. The drag on the repairable claims resulting from declining used car pricing and rising insurance premiums really started worsening in Q2 of 2024, so the comps will start to ease as we progress through the year. Since 2015, we have outperformed the repairable claims count growth by over 400 bps per year, and Q1 was 570 bps better, indicating market share gains against a low-demand environment. North America also benefited from having a diversified portfolio of products and services, mitigating potential shortfalls in other business areas. We generated positive growth for our lead tech calibration and diagnostics business, and our bumper-to-bumper hard parts business in Canada. In Europe, organic revenue declined by 1.8% per day compared to a growth of 4.4% in Q1 of 2024. On a two-year stack, organic revenue growth was 2.6%. There was noticeable softness in many markets impacted by consumer confidence. Europe also experienced a relatively mild winter year over year, impacting certain products such as batteries, which are higher in demand during periods of inclement weather. Competitive pricing in some countries also contributed to challenging conditions that we believe will stabilize long term. Our comprehensive product and service offerings are best in class across Europe, and we consciously avoid making brash short-term pricing decisions that dilute the value proposition we offer in Europe. Best practices support our daily success at LKQ Corporation. Our SKU rationalization project in Europe aims to reduce complexity and simplify our distribution network across all markets. We have reviewed over 60% of our product brands and reduced stocking by an additional 17,000 SKUs. Additionally, our private label penetration increased by 20 basis points. As Andy and I mentioned at the Investor Day, the integration of Europe is mission-critical, and accelerating that effort is imperative given it has not progressed at the cadence we promised in the past. In order to drive change management, we need the right leaders in place to truly achieve the benefits of the scale of one LKQ Europe represents. Since taking the helm in Europe, Andy, alongside Rick and I, replaced a fair number of the previous leadership team and have onboarded individuals that are aligned with the operational excellence and lean management initiatives necessary to optimize our European operations. Our focus is on people, process, and performance. Regarding specialty, our organic revenue declined by 4.9% on a per-day basis, which is a sequential improvement compared to Q4 of 2024. At the start of 2025, there was optimism about specialty stabilizing later in the year, but consumer sentiment decreased significantly due to anticipated tariff pricing pressures. This sentiment, along with inflationary pressures, will likely continue throughout the year. Now turning to tariffs. While the current headlines of the tariffs are broadly known, the final decisions remain unclear. There are many dynamics of this tariff situation than those in the past. We have established an internal global tariff task force which includes leaders from procurement, operations, finance, risk management, sales, and marketing to help navigate and make decisions. If everyone remembers the supply chain constraint following COVID where inflation was driving up product cost and a supply-demand imbalance created huge increases in ocean freight, the team proved their agility in mitigating the impact, and we came out financially stronger. Specific to our tariff exposure, less than 15% of our U.S. business's cost of goods are directly imported from outside the U.S., with the majority of that product coming out of Taiwan. LKQ Corporation's advantage over our aftermarket collision parts competitors lies in our supply of recycled products, which we anticipate will see an increase in demand given their competitive pricing relative to new OE parts. We expect the tariffs will raise part prices and increase used car values. Historically, these increases have benefited the industry as used car values are expected to rise faster than the vehicle repair cost, potentially leading to more cars being repaired and kept on the road longer. Our tariff task force is working on mitigating tariff impacts through potential cost concessions from vendor partnerships and identifying supply chain optimization and SG&A reductions. The non-discretionary nature of the North American business allows for needs-based pricing power, enabling LKQ Corporation to pass on select price increases, thus insulating the wholesale dynamic from the other parts suppliers in the market. Before I turn the call to Rick to discuss our Q1 results, I am pleased to announce that we will be publishing our 2024 sustainability report in May. Sustainability continues to be at the heart of what we do, especially in our North American and Europe salvage operations. This is true today as it was when we started over twenty-six years ago. Rick?
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to everyone joining us today. We are pleased with our start to 2025. Cost actions taken in 2024, including exiting underperforming businesses and driving our lean operating model, have positioned us well to offset the top-line headwinds across each of our segments. Overall, Q1 results were largely consistent with the trends we saw throughout the last several quarters. Europe continued its solid performance with a 60 basis point year-over-year improvement in segment EBITDA. North America, we were pleased with their performance given the anticipated top-line pressure as we worked through the decline in repairable claims. Self-service delivered another quarter of year-over-year improvement in both EBITDA dollars and percentage. Specialty's results remained under pressure with soft demand in the RV and SEMA space, partially driven by softening consumer sentiment in light of the ongoing macroeconomic instability, including uncertainty around the effect of tariffs. Now turning to the first quarter consolidated results. Our first quarter performance was in line with our expectations. We reported diluted earnings per share of $0.65, a 6¢ increase compared to Q1 2024. On an adjusted diluted earnings per share basis, we reported $0.79, a decrease of $0.03 per share versus prior year. The decrease in adjusted EPS is largely due to lower segment EBITDA dollars predominantly from our Wholesale North America segment. Higher legal and professional fees were also a 1¢ headwind as we reached the cooperation agreement with Ancora and ENGIE Capital in the first quarter. The impacts from interest and FX rates largely offset each other, with interest being a slight positive and FX being a slight negative. On a positive note, lower share counts resulting from our disciplined share repurchase program drove $0.03 of incremental adjusted EPS versus prior year. Now for segment results. Going to slide eight. North America posted a segment EBITDA margin of 15.7%, a 60 basis point decrease relative to last year primarily due to the organic revenue decline. The decline in organic revenue was driven by a reduction in repairable claims and having one less selling day, partially offset by targeted actions to increase market penetration. Gross margin improved by 20 bps as a result of product mix and pricing initiatives. Overhead expenses declined by $16,000,000 relative to prior year, including $24,000,000 of decreased personnel costs due to uniselect synergies and productivity initiatives. These were partially offset by inflationary cost pressures related to facilities and vehicle expenses as well as higher legal and professional fees. The leverage effect of the organic revenue decline largely drove the increase in OpEx as a percentage of revenue. We expect headwinds on repairable claims to continue in 2025, but abate somewhat toward the back half of the year. Excluding any potential impacts from tariffs, over the balance of the year, we still believe North America's EBITDA margins will be in the low sixteens on a full-year basis. Looking at slide nine, Europe reported a segment EBITDA margin of 9.3%, a 60 basis point improvement over last year. The year-over-year improvement was driven by higher gross margins, the ongoing efforts to simplify the operations and portfolio, as well as productivity efforts to offset inflationary pressures on overhead costs. Overhead costs were also negatively affected in the prior year due to union-related negotiations. Given the actions we've taken to drive productivity and simplify the portfolio, and absent any macroeconomic impact from the tariff situation, we continue to project EBITDA margin will be double digits on a full-year basis in 2025. Moving to slide 10. Specialty's EBITDA margin of 5.4% is 100 basis points below the prior year primarily driven by a decline in organic revenue and resulting leverage effect on overhead costs. Demand softness in the light vehicle and RV product lines remain challenges for the business. Economic instability stemming from tariffs has resulted in declines in consumer sentiment, which negatively impacts discretionary spending in some of the markets in which Vestia operates. Given the ongoing uncertainty and demand softness, we expect segment EBITDA margin to be around the low end of the 7% to 8% range we provided when we issued full-year 2025 guidance. Self-service generated $20,000,000 in segment EBITDA in Q1, an increase of $4,000,000 and a 290 bp improvement as a percentage of revenue. Disciplined vehicle procurement combined with overhead cost controls helped to drive the fourth consecutive quarterly improvement in year-over-year profitability. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. Free cash flow during the quarter was a net outflow of $57,000,000. This performance was in line with our expectations due to the timing of our payables, partially related to the investment in inventory in North America in anticipation of possible Q1 port strikes and higher interest payments for the $20.31 euro senior notes due to timing. We anticipate generating positive free cash flow in the next three quarters, which will bring us in line with our full-year guidance absent any significant tariff-driven market turbulence. Moving to slide 11. We remained active in the market, allocating $40,000,000 in share repurchases for 1,000,000 shares. We also paid our quarterly dividend totaling $78,000,000. As a continuation of our disciplined capital allocation strategy, we did not make any acquisitions in the first quarter. We borrowed approximately $170,000,000 in the quarter. As of March 31, we had total debt of $4,400,000,000 with a total leverage ratio of 2.5 times EBITDA. Although the leverage ratio is slightly higher than the prior quarter, we anticipated the increase as we built trade working capital in Q1 largely associated with the seasonal nature of our business and the increase in inventory purchases in Q4 and Q1 to get ahead of potential disruptions at the ports and from tariffs. We remain committed to maintaining a manageable debt level and our investment-grade rating. As of 03/31/2025, our current maturities were $558,000,000, including the $500,000,000 term loan coming due in Q1 2026. As normal practice, we actively manage our capital structure, and we are working through our options with our lending group. We have no significant concerns regarding our ability to extend the maturity date. Our effective interest rate was 5.2% at the end of Q1, slightly down from Q4. We have $1,800,000,000 in variable rate debt, of which $700,000,000 has been fixed with interest rate swaps, which effectively provide a fixed rate on approximately 75% of our debt. I will conclude with our thoughts on 2025 guidance as shown on Slide 12. Although there are always uncertainties, we believe we can deliver on our guidance provided back in February. Excluding any material impacts from tariffs, the discussions around tariffs may affect our markets directly and indirectly. Companies have taken a variety of methods in addressing the remainder of the year, and we will wait to fully analyze the pending changes and update you during our Q2 call when we believe the tariff situation becomes clear. That being said, our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends, excluding the potential impacts of tariffs, and assumes scrap and precious metal prices hold near first-quarter prices. On foreign exchange, our guidance is near March average rates, including the euro at $1.08, the pound sterling at $1.28, and the Canadian dollar at 70¢. The global tax rate is at 27%, which is consistent with our original guidance and prior year. In our original guidance, we expected organic parts and services revenue growth between 0-2%. Given our Q1 results, we are likely headed toward the lower end of that range. Excluding potential tariff impacts, our adjusted diluted EPS remains in the range of $3.4 to $3.7, and our free cash flow remains in the range of $750,000,000 to $900,000,000. We will balance our trade working capital and capital expenditure needs to fund our strategic growth objectives for 2025 and beyond. Thanks for your time. I will now turn the call back to Justin for his closing comments.
Justin Jude: Thanks, Rick, for the financial commentary. Before we open up for questions, I would like to remind everyone we remain committed to our long-term key strategic priorities, and our team is agile to navigate short-term challenges. First, we need to grow above the market. Next, simplify. Simplify our operations by ensuring lean thinking is in everything we do. And simplify our portfolio across our markets, businesses, and product lines. Improve free cash flow by growing profitably and strengthening our balance sheet. Invest in growth organically and via small, highly synergistic tuck-ins for the continuation on the moratorium of any large acquisitions. Focus on our capital allocation strategy around returning capital to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. In Q1, we met most of our strategic goals with our 46,000 employees adeptly managing volatile markets. Whether it's tariffs or some other challenge, no matter what our company may face, I'm truly proud of how consistent our team emerges stronger and better prepared for the future. Operator, I'll now turn the call over for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We ask all participants to limit their questions to one main and one follow-up. Then go back into the queue if you have another question. Our first question is from Scott Stember of ROTHMKM. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Justin Jude: Hey. Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Regarding North America, it sounds as if the comparisons get a lot easier in the second quarter, just on a repairable claim basis. But can you talk about what trends or in a real-time basis you're seeing from the insurance companies? Regarding used car pricing. You know, there's been any change in their behavior regarding whether or not they will junk a car or repair it.
Justin Jude: Yeah. So good question, Scott. Throughout 2024, there's been a lot of shift in market share with insurance carriers. We talked a lot about the high rising insurance costs premiums, people raising their deductibles. I think with a lot of the shift of competition, we will not expect I don't expect to see rising insurance prices anymore for the time for at least the next year. So I think they're gonna be more competitive. From the used car standpoint, we added, you know, almost two years, I think, decline of used car values. We saw in April that number actually ticked up. Obviously, it's only one month, but it's nice to see that used cars have, you know, used car pricing has plateaued and started to improve. Those dynamics of flattening insurance premiums, rising used car prices, you know, and then we're gonna talk about tariffs probably. Somebody's gonna ask that question, but tariffs typically will drive up car pricing, and that'll be good for the industry. We actually had also one state that approved an increase in the repairable total loss value. So it used to be 70% and I think there's a small state called Rhode Island, but it was 70%. They raised it to 85% to help improve keeping cars on the road and getting them repaired, and we're seeing some of that noise start to happen in a good way in other states where they will increase the threshold of when a car totals out. So overall, we only got one good month of used car pricing, but we're starting to see some trends that hopefully will improve the repairable claims.
Scott Stember: Gotcha. And then the last question, of course, on tariffs. It seems like your biggest exposure in North America is Taiwan. It seems like there's, I think, a blanket reciprocal tariff on most countries for 10%. I think Taiwan is in there as well. How would that have an impact on your business? Do you think you could put price increases through to cover that, or is it just too soon to say right now?
Justin Jude: Yeah. Well, I'll probably answer that question in a few more. My guess is tariffs are on a lot of people's minds on the call. So Rick and I are gonna spend a few minutes talking about that. First, I'll tell you historically, when the industry has seen tariffs, they've been good for the industry, they've been good for LKQ Corporation. You know, one caveat of LKQ Corporation, you know, we have a global footprint. You know, nearly 50% of our business in Europe is currently not subject to tariffs. But there's a lot of volatility right now with the tariffs. The news seems like it's changing every day. As I mentioned on the call, we put a task force together to really dig into this. We'll talk about Taiwan. But we really had one of the task force to react pretty quick just because it seems to be changing every day. And that, you know, what we've identified, obviously, is based on what we know, there's more tariffs than just Taiwan. There's other countries that we import product from. And if you look at our product cost, we really broke those into two different buckets. The first bucket, I would say, is what's direct. Meaning, we import from China, we import from Mexico. We import from Taiwan. Understanding what the tariff impact is and where we stand today with what we know on tariffs is a little bit easier to identify and quantify. When we talk about the indirect piece, that gets a little bit more complex. So you think about one of our businesses in the U.S., buying a product from a U.S. distributor. That product could have been imported from China or Taiwan, that product could have components. Take a Jeep lift kit that our specialty division sells. The supplier that we buy from could get the fasteners and nuts and bolts from China. They could get the brackets from Mexico. So understanding the impact of our indirect is a little bit more complex. We're working with all of our suppliers on that. But we do have some qualifications of those buckets. Rick, if you wanna talk about that.
Rick Galloway: Sure. Yeah. Let me try to address a couple of things that I'm sure are on people's minds as well and quantify these things. So look, certain new tariffs took effect within the quarter. The financial impact was immaterial for us within the quarter. Also, it's important to note that we've been living with the previous Trump tariffs we've been able to pass it along. So, Scott, to your point, are we able to pass them along? Historically, we've been very, very successful in being able to pass those along. If I quantify the couple different things that Justin talked about, the direct imports, those are the ones that are really exposed to the new tariffs in a direct way. The way we are looking at that and to help quantify for the folks on the call, is overall cost of goods sold. If I look at 2024, cost of goods sold, so it's kind of a baseline with the 10-K. Be able to quantify that. Less than 10% of our global cost of goods sold are in the bucket that Justin talked about being direct imports. So less than 10% of that is in there. The quantification before any mitigations is less than $200,000,000 of cost. That would be the quantification of that 10%, a little less than 10%. On the indirect population, to quantify that, and give you guys a little bit of visibility on the indirects, that's the one Justin was talking about. That are essentially purchased from a U.S. company but they're importing from somewhere else. That's roughly 20% of our global cost of goods sold. So the direct portion is a little less than 10%. The indirect portion is a little less than 20% of our global cost of goods sold. That 20%, we can't really quantify at this point in time. Because we're not sure what is gonna be passed along, and we don't we're not sure what components of those items are imported by our suppliers. And so, you know, the key couple key points is, look. These are as of tariffs as of today, those could change in the coming hours or days as we all have seen. And these will evolve rapidly over the changing landscape. And we're gonna work diligently with our vendor partners to try to figure out how we can mitigate some of these things. I don't know if you wanted to cover anything else.
Justin Jude: Yeah. And Scott, I know you talked about pricing. Before we get to that lever, we really, as Rick talked about, we work with our supplier partners, making sure that, you know, they're in we're in this together. Can we share the burden of some of these tariffs? Are there opportunities where we can resource that product somewhere else to a different country, different supplier? Reduce the impact on the tariff. Are there any, you know, inefficiencies within our supply chain or logistics that we can remedy and help offset some of the cost. And then ultimately, you know, if you think about the products that we import from Taiwan, your specific question on Taiwan, every aftermarket supplier that we compete with today, I'm sorry. Every aftermarket competitor and distributor that we compete with today is importing those same exact product types from Taiwan. So we're all in this at the same level. Anything that's gonna impact us is gonna impact our pure aftermarket competitor. And so if we can't, you know, reduce the tariff impact by some of those other mitigating levers, then, you know, we're gonna obviously pass that through to the customer. We won't be left holding the bag.
Scott Stember: Got it. That's great. Thank you so much.
Justin Jude: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison of Baird. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the additional color on tariffs. That's helpful. Maybe to pivot to Europe, Justin, have you seen any impact on revenue or on your fulfillment rates due to your SKU reduction program?
Justin Jude: No. We have not. We've been able to offset the sale of reducing that SKU either to one of our private labels or to another brand that we keep. You know, we talk about some higher numbers, that 17,000 SKUs that we essentially delisted. A lot of those things that were, you know, have those big, a lot of the products that we're delisting right now have very, very low volume. At the end of the day. Where we have other applications, have other part numbers that have that application, so we've not seen an impact of that. Most of the headwinds that we see is either, you know, competition giving up price in a few markets. We do see some countries that we operate in or just in an economic situation where, you know, there's some delays in repairs and maintenance or some people are foregoing maintenance or extending on their vehicles, and we're seeing that impacted. You know, overall, we were pretty happy with our, you know, once again, we look at it country by country to see how we're doing and how the market's doing. We're pretty confident. We're not losing share. We're still growing. We're still gaining share. And even with that revenue reduction that we saw in Europe, I was pretty proud of the team to be able to deliver improvement in EBITDA. When, you know, when the volume drops, normally, you lose that leverage, but the team actually is up on some of these initiatives. So but overall, your main question I don't we don't see any risk yet and we would slow down if we did on SKU rationalization impacting revenue.
Craig Kennison: Thanks. And then as a related question, I think in the press release, you mentioned a 20 basis point improvement in your private label program. Could you give us an idea of what percentage of your revenue is from private label and where you think that could go over some long period of time?
Justin Jude: Yeah. We're in that 21 to 22% range today. We think it can go to up to what we talked about in the last call is that, Craig, it would go by 2030, we're looking at around 30%. So as we move along, there could be some small steps. We're happy with the 20 basis point improvement that we had in the quarter. But we think that that number will likely go close to 30% across all of Europe by the 2030 time frame.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jash Patwa of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jash Patwa: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Building on the earlier discussion, I'd just like to focus on the North American business. Highlighted targeted actions to enhance market penetration, which have positively impacted revenue along with the pricing initiatives that have improved gross margins. Could you provide some additional insights into these strategies? Specifically, is there a link between your pricing initiative and the potentially easing competitive landscape as some smaller competitors who were initially pricing aggressively might have now pulled back amidst the tariff uncertainties? Thanks, and I have a follow-up.
Justin Jude: Yeah. And you may be confusing some of the comments on Europe, some of the pricing pressures that we've seen have been in Europe and a few countries that have put some pressure on the pricing improvements or some gross margin. I want to make sure, are you specific? Well, talk about North America or Europe?
Rick Galloway: He's talking about the Turkish base that I talked about. Of improvements.
Jash Patwa: I was just referring to the discussion in the earnings presentation.
Rick Galloway: Yep.
Justin Jude: Yeah. So we have seen improvements across several different parts of our business to go after some market share gains. We're pleased with the performance of things like our services business. We're going after some new areas of opportunity. There's not a pricing action that we took, Jash. So it's not we're not going after and chasing price. Instead, what we're doing is making sure that we have the best service levels across the board, and we're seeing nice gains across that. So Justin talked about the gap that we have between repairable claims and what we had for revenue. That widened a little bigger than what we've had historically. Talking about how we're going after having really good fill rates, nice inventory levels, and being able to provide a service level to our customers in order to gain back some of that share.
Jash Patwa: Understood. That's very helpful. And then just, you know, following up on the earlier tariff discussion, thanks again for all the color there. But just wanted to clarify if aftermarket part imports are subject to the 10% universal reciprocal tariff. My understanding was that auto parts are exempt from the reciprocal tariff. And, you know, while there could be some moving pieces in there, but it would be just helpful to clarify that. And then, relatedly, you know, you also mentioned some mitigating strategies in relation to tariffs. Is there an opportunity to introduce private label aftermarket collision repair parts in the U.S. as a way to navigate this industry disruption? Thank you.
Justin Jude: Yeah. In regard to the I'll start with the private label piece first. The majority of our sales that we have on the aftermarket side are private labeled under platinum plus. The uniqueness of collision parts, there's not a lot of brand in the aftermarket collision space world, and so to create consistency, we've been branding a lot of our products as private label under Keystone Platinum Plus for a few decades. So the majority of the collision parts, hoods, fenders, bumper covers, headlights are already branded. Regarding the tariffs, it's pretty complex. If you guys have researched it, whether it's 10%, 25%, or even 32%. Some of our product lines fall into different buckets of those, you know, specifically coming from Taiwan. Obviously, if you get into China, some things are 25%, some things are 45%. But on average, I think that Taiwan is roughly 25%.
Rick Galloway: Yeah. So, Jash, let me, without going into so much detail, because this is a really complex issue, there's a section 232 that deals with both steel and aluminum and automotive. The way that the reciprocals work is if it's in those tariffs, which are 25%, they're excluded from the additional 10%. So what you're saying is the exclusion of automotive, it's excluded only because it's already got a 25% tariff on that item. So that's kind of the way to think through this. So what our team's done is they've gone through every single SKU on the direct basis, looking at whether or not that's included in the detail and is it part of the steel, aluminum, or automotive. And if it's not, then there's a 10% reciprocal tariff.
Jash Patwa: Great. Thank you so much, and good luck.
Rick Galloway: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Gary, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hi. Good morning, Walt. Could you just remind me what your targets are on your SKU rationalization in Europe?
Justin Jude: Yeah. So when we kicked this project off, we did say it's gonna take over three years because we want to make sure that we're not going too fast and impacting revenue. We feel as the improvement in private label, so adding more private label SKUs on top of the reduction of our existing SKUs. What's the exact number that we quote? Do you know? Let me, Gary, let me get back to you on those numbers. I've got to pull them up on the specific items that we talked about. We talked about three different items that we are gonna go after. We're talking about SKU rationalization. We started around 750,000 items that we had, and we brought that down to around 700 at this point. Overall, SKU reduction we believe is going to get us down to about 600 by the end of 2027. So we start with 750. We're gonna get down to about 600. That's inclusive of private labeling. So we're gonna obviously go below that 600, and we're gonna increase based on the private labeling. And then the other component we have is, we gotta review these items. So the goal is to get to a percentage of that by the end of 2026. By the end of 2025, we'll be at 80%. So we're north of 60 at this point. We've got another 20 to go for the rest of the year. And then the third item that we had was overall private labeling, and that's the one that Scott asked, I think, a little bit earlier or maybe Craig did. Trying to get up to what was that number. And so what we said was about 30% by 2030.
Gary Prestopino: Thank you.
Rick Galloway: Yep. Thanks, Gary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. When you're doing the corporate tariff math and looking at the imports from Taiwan, how does the delta to the OE product shake out here? Is the OE primarily USMCA compliant or domestic? Yeah. I guess netting out the tariffs, does your value gap to OE remain equal, or are you relatively more or less expensive than you were before?
Justin Jude: Yeah. Great question. I mean, the devil will be in the details of what the final decision's gonna come out to. As you know, you followed LKQ Corporation for a while. Our pricing is always typically less than the pure aftermarket competitor just because of our quality of our service and fill rate. Then we hover below the OEM. So we always kind of play in that space somewhere in the middle between OEM and the other aftermarket pure players. If there's parity, meaning if all the tariffs go through and there's really no exemption, we'll be on equal playing field. There's enough margin gap there where we can improve price and still be competitive and offer the insurance company and the consumer savings to the OEM. It'll really depend on what happens not only to the tariffs, but then how do the OEMs react. I mean, we actually seen a flat price change in the OEs on April and of the prices that we've seen come through for planning in May. So we haven't seen them move their needle yet, but if, you know, they're gonna be experiencing some of those tariffs that we are, then I expect them to raise their prices as well. But it'll really depend on what the final decision comes to.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then on the European price competition, is that primarily GSF, or are there others over there that are being aggressive in other markets outside the UK?
Justin Jude: I mean, we always have competition on pricing. The most aggressive is in the UK, I would say. We're starting to see some of that slow down. Some of their, you know, they've expanded quite a bit, but we've seen that expansion slow down. But the main area has been in the UK.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Justin Jude, CEO, for closing remarks.
Justin Jude: Well, we appreciate everybody joining the call today. Truly, truly thankful for that, and we look forward to speaking to everyone in July when we report on our second-quarter results. Thank you, everyone, and take care.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello everyone and welcome to LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lydia and I'll be your operator today. After the prepared remarks, there'll be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand you over to Joe Boutross to begin. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call. With us today are Justin Jude, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rick Galloway, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-K in the coming days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Justin Jude.
Justin Jude : Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. As many of you know, I took the CEO position after Nick's retirement in July of last year. And it has been and continues to be an honor to lead the LKQ team and to maintain a culture rooted in humility. Our team leads by influence, not authority and ego. We take action, embrace change, confront failure head-on, and always strive to make the right decisions for the company, our employees, our communities, and our shareholders. In 2024, we face tough challenges. Despite financial setbacks, our team surpassed expectations in navigating the most difficult market dynamics I've seen in 30 years in the automotive industry. For that, I couldn't be prouder of our team members and the incredible culture we built. Before I address the fourth quarter, I would like to reflect on what LKQ accomplished in 2024. With our commitment to operational excellence and a sound balance sheet, we focused on the things we could control, and in those areas, we were very pleased with our performance. With our goal of returning cash to shareholders, we delivered $678 million of capital with $360 million in share repurchase and $318 million coming from dividends. And our ongoing strategy to simplify the portfolio led to divesting five businesses, primarily in Europe, which represented $153 million of trailing 12-month revenue with little to no margin. Moody's and Fitch reiterated our stable and positive outlook in 2024. Our board of directors continued their active and ongoing board refreshment to ensure we have the right mix of skills and experiences to provide effective oversight and guidance of the company's strategy. Our new board members have extensive experience in business strategy and operations, further enhancing the depth, knowledge, and skill sets necessary to drive long-term value for our shareholders. The integration muscle of North America team was again validated in 2024 with the consolidation of FinishMaster into the LKQ network by closing 129 of their 151 locations. Not only did the North American team deliver the integration faster than expected, but with a higher level of synergies than originally planned. We finalized our mega-yard expansion project in Crystal River, Florida, and in December, we began operating on this expanded acreage. We also purchased land and began the construction of two mega-yards, one in Illinois and one in Washington. We expect these new yards to open in 2026. These mega-yard expansions will allow us to further our growth on recycled parts while driving more productivity. Our European segment made several key leadership changes to support a more agile focus on change management. We developed a more consistent culture across our global footprint in combining the intellectual capital of our two non-discretionary segments, North America and Europe. This shared expertise will give us many benefits, such as our overall procurement, remanufacturing product development, hard parts growth in North America, opportunities that will come from electrification, and a multitude of financial benefits, including vendor financing and a lower cost of capital. I will now shift to the quarter. Let's start with capital allocation. At recent trading levels, we believe repurchasing our shares is a good use of our capital. We were active in the quarter, repurchasing roughly 2 million shares for about $80 million. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1.7 billion remaining on our repurchase authorization. The board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share in October that was paid in November, totaling $78 million. On February 18th, the board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share payable in March of 2025. Moving to our segments. The North American revenue decline of 8.5% per day was larger than what we reported in the first three quarters of 2024. But when you back up the non-recurring benefit of the UAW strikes in 2023 and the storm impacts across the U.S. in Q4, the North American decline in collision parts revenue was roughly 4% compared to a repairable claims decreasing almost 6% in a quarter. Though revenue declined, it was another period of outperformance for North American operations on a relative basis. That said, we are seeing some positive trends as we enter 2025, including favorable inclement weather and ongoing dynamics in the auto insurance market that combined could benefit our North American collision business. The average cost of auto insurance in the U.S. increased over 20% in 2024, more than any other category of household expenses. We expect insurance costs to moderate in 2025, and historically this will lead to insurance carriers looking to take costs out of their network, and the value proposition of our alternative parts offering is one area they can quickly flex, which would be a favorable trend for APU. Moving on to Europe, our organic revenue declined 20 bps on a per day basis for the quarter, which was essentially flat to Q3. Certain markets showed single-digit growth, while others declined in a similar range. I am particularly pleased with the organic growth in Germany, which has moved past the labor issues from 2023 and early 2024 and reported healthy sequential and year-over-year growth. Competition is again contributing to the challenging conditions in certain markets, consistent with the last quarter, as some of the smaller players aggressively push price. Rick will cover the majority of margin-related details, but I wanted to highlight Europe's segment EBITDA at 10.1% in the quarter. This performance is the highest Q4 segment EBITDA margin achieved in Europe. The third straight quarter with a double-digit margin in the full year was the highest level of segment EBITDA dollars on record. With leadership aligned with our margin objectives, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable annual double-digit EBITDA margins in Europe. Tremendous performance and progress by the Europe team, despite a challenging operating environment. Related to our SKU rationalization initiative in Europe, I am pleased to report that we hit our expectations of reviewing 50% of our product brands by year-end 2024. And we plan to complete the review of an additional 30% by year-end of 2025, with completion by the end of 2026. We started with roughly 750,000 stocking SKUs across Europe in scope for this project. By the end of 2024, we had decreased our stocking of over 30,000 SKUs, and we expect to decrease another 40,000 more in 2025, ultimately hitting our goal of stocking 600,000 SKUs by the end of 2027. This project will bring benefits on the procurement side, payables, and more importantly, simplify our operations to allow for a more pan-European distribution network. As we will keep pushing for additional private-label penetration, as we recognize that the European vehicle part will continue to age, and this has been further accelerated post the pandemic with a combination of supply chain constraints and the transition of EV being slower than anticipated. We currently have 22% penetration of private-label parts, with the long-term initiative to grow that number to 30%, given the gross margin benefits that come from private-label. With this in mind, we do believe there are growth and margin enhancement opportunities in our category management portfolio, and the increase in our private-label offering is already included in our targeted 600,000 stocking SKU number. We plan to update you on our progress with these SKU targets on a quarterly basis. Specialty posted organic revenue down 7.3% on a per day basis, but was a sequential improvement from Q3. The RV Industry Association believes the RV market is poised for growth in 2025, with dealer inventories at higher levels, ongoing strong consumer interest in RV ownership, and interest rates that are expected to ease. Additionally, total U.S. light vehicle sales increased 7.1% in Q4, with pickups and SUVs, the most important category for us, at 14.8% and 4.9%, respectively. Though not out of the woods, we are starting to see some positive signs in our specialty segment as we enter 2025. Lastly, on tariffs, the tariff news is extremely fluid with the current administration, validated by the quick shift of halting the Mexico and Canada tariffs less than 48 hours after they were implemented. Our team is actively monitoring the various announcements and the potential impact on our business. As the tariff situation stabilizes and things unfold, we will keep the investment community apprised accordingly. As mentioned in the past, wholesale North America procures virtually zero inventory from China, with most coming from Taiwan. And as you know, our salvage product is all domestic. Specialty is the only segment with exposure to China, approximately 15%, and their spend is highly diversified with some products being procured here in the U.S. I'll now turn the call over to Rick for a review of the financials and our 2025 guidance.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to everyone joining us today. Before I dive into specifics on the fourth quarter, I would also like to cover some of our accomplishments throughout 2024. Despite the macroeconomic challenges, as Justin mentioned, we continued to focus on those things within our control. We accelerated the integration of FinishMaster, completing that exercise in the first quarter and helping us to increase annualized Uni-Select synergies by the end of 2026 to $65 million. We initiated the 2024 restructuring plan with the objectives of exiting businesses and markets that do not align with our strategic objectives and executing on opportunities to streamline operations and our logistics models. In Europe, that resulted in exiting certain operations and increasing the efficiency of our logistics footprint, resulting in a reduction in facilities and overhead costs. In North America, we focused on aligning our cost structure with demand by rationalizing overhead costs to most efficiently serve our customer base. While these actions were challenging, they were necessary to tackle and align with the strategic imperatives we discussed at Investor Day, including simplification of the business portfolio, improving our lean operating model globally and increasing our margins in order to maximize total shareholder returns. We are confident the actions we have taken will drive our success in 2025 and beyond. Now on to the fourth quarter. Overall, Q4 results exceeded our expectations and guidance. Europe's performance was a highlight as the segment delivered a record fourth quarter EBITDA dollars and percentage, despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Self-service performed in line with expectations with another quarter of year-over-year improvement and EBITDA dollars and percentage. North America improved its EBITDA margin by 50 basis points due to a one-time legal settlement, despite revenue losses from a brief cyber incident in Canada. Specialty's results remained under pressure with soft demand. Turning now to the fourth quarter consolidated results. Despite challenges in North America and specialty and the stronger U.S. dollar affecting Europe, our fourth quarter performance exceeded expectations due to strong European results and some favorable non-recurring items. For the full year, we reported diluted earnings per share of $2.62 and adjusted diluting earnings per share of $3.48, the latter of which was toward the higher end of the guidance range we discussed back in October, but a decrease of $0.35 per share compared to 2023. The $0.35 per share decline in adjusted EPS was primarily influenced by a combined $0.30 per share impact from interest and taxes, with an additional $0.13 decrease attributed to commodity prices and foreign exchange rates. Despite the macroeconomic challenges and significant inflationary pressures on overhead and cost of goods sold, our efforts in simplification and strategic capital allocation have resulted in a positive contribution of $0.08 for the full year. For the fourth quarter, we reported diluted EPS of $0.60 and adjusted diluted EPS of $0.80, a $0.04 decrease from the prior year figure. As you may recall, our Q4 2023 results included some favorable one-time discrete tax items, which were not repeated in Q4 this year, resulting in a $0.09 year-over-year decrease from taxes. In addition, lower FX rates and unfavorable metals price movements contributed to a further $0.02 decline. On the positive side, lower share counts due to our ongoing share repurchase program improved adjusted EPS by approximately $0.03. The remaining $0.04 year-over-year improvement reflected the strong performance by Europe and net favorable nonrecurring items in North America. Now for segment results. Going to Slide 7. North America posted a segment EBITDA margin of 16.8%, a 50 basis point increase relative to last year. For the full year, we reported a segment EBITDA margin of 16.6%, slightly above the expectations we discussed last quarter, due to a favorable nonrecurring legal settlement that was partially offset by our Canadian cyber incident. The decline in organic revenue, especially within our aftermarket business, due to reduced repairable claim counts, adversely impacted margins during the quarter. This also included a related mix effect on gross margins, as aftermarket collision revenue typically yields higher margins compared to our other wholesale lines. Salvage margins were also down in the quarter, reflecting unfavorable movement in revenue, vehicle cost trends and commodity prices in 2024. On the other hand, overhead expenses improved 270 basis points in North America, reflecting favorability from the one-time legal settlement and lower personnel costs, primarily related to lower incentive compensation. The Uni-Select synergies and productivity initiatives largely offset significant inflationary pressures and the leverage effect of the organic revenue decline. While we expect headwinds on repairable claims and salvage margins to continue in 2025 due to the factors I've mentioned, particularly in the first half of the year, we estimate that North America's EBITDA margins will be in the low-16s, consistent with 2024 after adjusting for the nonrecurring items. Looking at Slide 8, Europe reported a segment EBITDA margin of 10.1%, a 180 basis point improvement over last year and its third quarter in a row with double-digit EBITDA margins. The year-over-year improvement consists of 110 basis points related to non-recurring charges in the prior year, while the remaining 70 basis points relates to the ongoing efforts to simplify the operations and portfolio, as well as productivity efforts that more than offset inflationary pressures. As I stated on our last call, we expected EBITDA margins in Europe for the full year to be in the mid to high-9s, which is where we landed. From where we stand today and the actions we've taken to address productivity, we believe we can build upon our recent gains and expect to deliver improvements, with EBITDA margins expected to be double digits in 2025. Moving to Slide 9. Specialties EBITDA margin of 4.1%, 160 basis points below the prior year, primarily driven by a decline in organic revenue and resulting leverage effect on overhead costs. Demand softness in the light vehicle and RV product lines and competitive pricing pressures remain challenges for the business. For the full year, segment EBITDA margins were 6.8%, below our expectations, but largely related to the revenue softness. Early signs indicate some of our markets have stabilized. However, a rapid rebound in 2025 is unlikely due to inconsistent recovery. Thus, we expect segment EBITDA margins to improve to around 7% to 8% for the full year 2025. Self-service generated an 8.3% segment EBITDA margin in Q4, which is a 230 basis point improvement from last year. In dollar terms, segment EBITDA increased by $4 million. Disciplined vehicle procurement, combined with overhead cost controls overcame unfavorable movements in scrap steel prices and helped to drive the third consecutive quarterly improvement in year-over-year profitability. Shifting to cash flows on the balance sheet. We produced $149 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $810 million. Slightly below our expectations, we invested in North American inventory, anticipating possible Q1 port strikes and tariffs. We remain dedicated to delivering value to our shareholders, allocating over $150 million through $80 million in share repurchases and $78 million in dividends. As presented during our investor day, we committed to allocating at least 50% of our free cash flow towards returning value to our shareholders. We are pleased to announce that we exceeded this commitment in 2024. As you can see on Slide 10, for the full year, we deployed $678 million for share repurchases and dividends, representing over 80% of our free cash flow. We also invested approximately $3 million in two tuck-in acquisitions in the fourth quarter, both in North America, including one in Canada and one in the U.S. For the year, we spent approximately $50 million on acquiring 10 highly accretive tuck-in businesses. We paid down approximately $62 million in outstanding debt in the quarter. As of December 31st, we had total debt of $4.2 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.3 times EBITDA, an improvement from the prior quarter. We remain committed to maintaining a manageable debt level in our investment grade rating. As of December 31st, 2024, our current maturities were $38 million, but we have a $500 million term loan coming due in Q1 2026. As normal practice, we actively manage our capital structure, and we are currently evaluating our options to determine the optimal solution to address our pending 2026 term loan maturity. Our effective interest rate was 5.3% at the end of Q4, slightly down from Q3 as a result of recently lower benchmark rates. We have $1.7 billion in variable rate debt of which $700 million has been fixed with variable interest rate swaps which effectively provides a fixed rate on over 75% of our debt. I will close with our thoughts on 2025 guidance as shown on Slide 11. Our guidance is based on current market conditions, recent trends and assumes scrap and precious metal prices hold near fourth quarter prices and no material impact from tariffs. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes recent rates including the euro at $1.04, the pound sterling at $1.25 and the Canadian dollar at $0.70. The global tax rate is at 27% which is comparable to our 2024 rate. We expect organic parts and services revenue growth between zero and 2%. Please note we have one less selling day in 2025. In North America, we expect revenue to be roughly flat on a per day basis given we don't expect an immediate rebound in repairable claims and won't realize the full benefit of some of the favorable trends Justin mentioned until later in the year. We believe Europe is poised to perform a bit better than they did from a revenue perspective in 2025 despite the ongoing challenging macroeconomic backdrop across the continent. For specialty, we expect low single digits for organic revenue growth given the macroeconomic indicators we are seeing. As a result of our revenue growth expectations, we are estimating adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.70. As you can see on Slide 12, our EPS guidance anticipates headwinds from lower foreign exchange rates, depreciation and amortization as well as the one-time items discussed earlier. Partially offset by benefits from metals prices, interest and taxes. We are focusing our efforts on those items we can't control and anticipate more than offsetting the net negative impact of those items through improved operating results which reflect the carryover benefit from the simplification and productivity measures we took in 2024 and the continued benefits from our disciplined focus on capital allocation. Free cash flow is expected to be in the range of $750 million to $900 million. We will continue to balance our trade working capital and capital expenditure needs to fund our strategic growth objectives for 2025 and beyond. Thanks for your time. I will now turn the call back to Justin for his closing comments.
Justin Jude : Thanks, Rick, for the financial commentary. As we enter 2025, I want to reaffirm my strategic priorities for our global enterprise, as we drive sustained long-term total shareholder returns. First, make sure we are growing above the market. Next, simplify. Simplify our operations by ensuring lean thinking is in everything we do to enhance our margins and simplify our portfolio across our markets and businesses to ensure we are the best owners. Improve free cash flow by growing profitably and strengthening our balance sheet. Invest in growth organically and via small, highly synergistic tuck-ins and with a continued moratorium on any large platform acquisitions. And focus our capital allocation strategy around returning capital to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. With these priorities in place, coupled with our industry-leading teams, we are well positioned to navigate the challenges ahead and deliver strong operating results for all of our stakeholders. As always, I want to thank the 47,000-plus dedicated team members of LKQ for their commitment to advancing our business each day and driving our mission forward, no matter the obstacles. Time and time again, our team has shown these challenges are opportunities for growth for both themselves and the overall organization. With that, operator, we are ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It really goes to the SKU rationalization project in Europe. I think the concern had been that by reducing brands, you might miss on some revenue opportunities, but you'd benefit from better vendor terms. It looks like you had a better comp in the quarter than most of your peers, so maybe you're actually not losing revenue. Just curious if you can comment on any revenue impact from that decision. And then on a related note, if you could comment on, I guess, the beneficial terms that you earned by consolidating your business with the remaining vendors. Thank you.
Justin Jude : Good morning. Thanks for the question. On this SKU rationalization, we're taking a very cautious approach. We're not trying to fast-track this in the next six months. It's really a two to three-year project because our biggest concern, to your point is making sure that we have a revenue concern. And so far, we've not. A couple of reasons why, when we do this SKU rationalization, although we're reducing the number of actual stock numbers in our warehouses, we're increasing the actual ability to say yes by applications. Meaning, when a customer has a specific year, make, and model and a part type our goal isn't just to have a brand. Our goal is to be able to say yes regardless of the brand. Additionally, we're adding more private label, as I mentioned in the script. And that's allowing us to compete into a different market where price is a little bit more, or customers are a little bit more conscious on price. So far, we haven't seen any revenue concerns. The group that we have working on this, I mean, it has operations, salespeople, and supply chain to make sure that we don't impact the business and impact the revenue. On the term side, we haven't gone through everything. We do expect to see a slight improvement in terms, better cost of goods, but we haven't quantified that yet.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Justin Jude : Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jash Patwa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jash Patwa: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one bigger picture question. We're now starting to cycle the impacts of lower than normalized new SAR levels in 2022 and 2023 that are expected to reduce the population of vehicles in the younger age cohort of the vehicle, of the company's sweet spot of three to 10-year-old vehicles. I'm curious if this is likely to have a meaningful impact on market trends over the next couple of years. Any color you could share around the distribution of repairable claims across vehicle age pockets, which would be meaningful to gauge the impact here?
Justin Jude : Yeah, good question. We obviously monitor new car production sales into the markets. So far, it hasn't been a huge impact on, in our model on repairable claims. Obviously, the vehicle car park is aging. That's always good for LKQ, whether it's on the collision side, the product lines we sell, or on the mechanical piece. Obviously, we sell a lot of engines and transmissions and that aging fleet uses those items a lot more, obviously than the newer ones. So we haven't seen any meaningful impact currently, and we're monitoring it on a go-forward basis. It really is going to depend on to your point, on the SAR sales over the next couple of years to see if there's a longer-term impact.
Rick Galloway: And, Josh, our sweet spot is a little bit closer to 3 to 12 years. So it's a little bit further than the term that you talked about. The good news is we have started to see recently some Manhattan information that indicates used car prices have been going up the last few months. So that's a good thing for us.
Jash Patwa: Understood. That's super helpful. Just as a follow-up, I was curious if LKQ's North American and European supply chain are meaningfully differentiated from some of your local peers. In that potential tariffs could provide the company a transitory competitive advantage. Any historical precedents you could share around LKQ's organic revenue growth trajectory in comparison to the industry amidst economic shocks would be super helpful. Thank you.
Justin Jude : Yeah, obviously your question on tariffs, the headline's all about Mexico, Canada, and China. Obviously, there may be more to come. Just from a risk standpoint, just so you guys understand, if we quantify, what we import into the U.S. from those three countries it's less than 5% of our total purchases, so not real meaningful. Historically, we've always been able to pass it on to our consumers, on to the customers. Overall, to delve in the details, if there are tariffs that impact our competition, whether that's OEM or if it impacts something else that doesn't necessarily impact LKQ as much, that is a competitive advantage from a cost-saving standpoint. But obviously, there's a lot more details to work through and a lot more unknowns for us to figure out whether it's an opportunity or not.
Jash Patwa: Understood. Thank you, and good luck.
Justin Jude : Thank you. Take care.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Stember with Roth Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions as well.
Justin Jude : Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Can you guys talk about the mega-yards, some early returns and some KPI that we could be looking for in the future to really gauge how things are progressing on that front.
Justin Jude : Yeah, from a high level, just the explanation and definition of mega yards. Obviously, we've got 100 plus yards across North America. Some of those are landlocked where we can't expand. When we move into a mega yard, it gives us the ability to consolidate potentially two or three local yards into that mega yard, but it also gives us capacity to produce more cars or to dismantle more cars. We've had a couple over the last several years. It's a new initiative for us, so we see great returns on those long-term bank-to-NORM model for a couple reasons. One, we can produce more cars with the same management. We don't necessarily have to have multiple general managers. If we consolidate three yards into one big one, we can hold those vehicles longer, giving the opportunity to sell more parts off of that vehicle. Scott, if you think about it we buy a car for $2,000. Our cost of goods is $2,000 no matter what. The longer we can hold that vehicle creates more opportunities to sell off of that vehicle. We see great returns on it in the future, but most of these, we've only created a few of these in the last several years.
Scott Stember: Got it. Then there was some commentary about North America, some positive things going on. I guess weather was one of them. Can you talk about that? Then just following up on that, just for guidance, if we were looking at the midpoint, how should we look at the recovery throughout the year?
Justin Jude : I'll take the first part of that, Scott, and turn it over to Rick. On the repairable claims side, some of the positives we've seen, obviously, are the inclement weather. Also, we're kind of anniversary-ing some of the issues that we've had. Rick just mentioned that we've had a couple months of used car pricing kind of flattening off and starting to increase. With the large increases from insurance premiums, with the used car prices dropping, that was impacting consumers' choice to fix their vehicle and impacting repairable claims. Now that we're starting to see used car pricing level off, there are still some states that haven't necessarily passed the larger increases, but for the most part, the majority of states increased those premiums or allowed the premiums to increase. So, we're kind of going to be anniversary-ing that throughout 2025. Rick can kind of talk about how we have that baked into the guidance.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Scott. The same kind of works for the corporate side consolidated numbers. But if you're talking specifically about North America, if you look at last year in 2024, the per-day numbers were around -- just using round numbers -- around 3% down, 5% down. Then it went to about 7.5% and 8.5%. We're expecting the exact opposite of that to happen through the year this year. We'll be down a little bit in the first half of the year, and then we'll be positive year over year in the back half to where we're roughly flat for the year. So, think of that starting off at a low point in Q1 and then growing throughout the year when you look at the organic numbers.
Scott Stember: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Rick Galloway: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Butler with Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first one, maybe some additional color on the portfolio review from a strategic perspective. I know this was kind of started back in September. Maybe just where we are on that and the timeline you think going forward from here when there may be some decision opportunities to be made.
Justin Jude : Hey, Brian. Thanks for the question. Just to be clear, it started before September, our review of the portfolio. It is not done. It is still ongoing. Obviously in 2024, I mentioned we did divest five businesses, primarily in Europe totaling $153 million of revenue with really little to no profit. But once again, we're not done. Anytime you want to exit a business, a market a product line, there's always variables that can occur. And I'll just, I guess, state that I'm the kind of guy that's going to not tell you what we're doing but show you once we're done. So, it is ongoing. I didn't expect more.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then a follow-up on the margin opportunity in Europe. When you think longer term, you're kind of in that double digit, which has been great success. How should this improve, I guess beyond 2025? Is there an opportunity where you continue to geek out some margin improvements? Or do you really reach a level somewhere down the road here that, is it 10.5% or 11%?
Rick Galloway: So, Brian, I'll take that one. The numbers we haven't quoted exactly where we think we are, but I can tell you Justin and I are very, very bullish about where we think that the market can go and that the business can go in our European business. We're clearly several hundred basis points above many of our competitors, but we think that number can continue to grow for the next several years. What we talked about is about 30 to 40 basis points each year for the next several years. I wouldn't put a cap on that at 11, 11.5. I think that number can continue to grow over the next at least three years and probably three to five as we start thinking about the work that's being done on the category management as well as the overall portfolio management that we're doing in our European business. So, I think double digits is solid for ‘25, and it continues to grow pretty nicely for the next several years.
Brian Butler: Great. Thank you very much for the question.
Justin Jude : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Your line is open.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning, all. I just want to get some clarification here. On the margins in North America and Europe, you said there was a one-time legal gain, non-recurring in the quarter. How much of that contributed to what the 50 basis point increase in adjusted EBITDA margin?
Rick Galloway: Yeah, so, Gary, we're not going to talk specifically about the legal settlement, but what I'll give you is directionally. Combined between the legal settlement and we did have a brief cyber outage If you look at North America's margins for the year, there's about 50 basis points for the year. So, we ended up coming around 16.6 for the full year. About 50 basis points of that we would consider non-recurring. Bring us down to a full year number around 16.1.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then you did outline there was a 101 basis point impact on Europe in Q4. Was that the tax issue of last year? Was that the tax issue in Italy?
Rick Galloway: No. There was a couple of items in 2023 that we had some severance costs and some other non-recurring items that showed up. The VAT issue that we had, that some of those is pretty much that 110 basis points. It was about 110 basis points of non-recurring. And then I talked about in the prepared remarks, there's about 70 basis points of mixed 50-50 between the portfolio actions and the good work the team is doing on simplifying the operations.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then just a question on the EV side. I mean, I realize it's very early stages, but anything you're doing on the EV side, is it mostly collision repair for body parts? Or are you seeing other areas where you can take salvage off these EVs and put them into the recycled channel in terms of parts?
Justin Jude : Yeah. On the EV side, we're a couple different initiatives that are underway. First, if you remember, we got into the recycling or remanufacturing of hybrid batteries. So think of nickel, metal, hydride, and then obviously the technology migrated over to lithium ion. We are also investing in the remanufacturing of full battery electric vehicles. We've had a couple that have been completed, and we're in the process of testing right now. In addition to your question around a salvage vehicle that's electric and we bring it in, obviously there's collision parts that we can sell off of that. But most of the batteries today are getting recycled and shredded and getting fed back into a new battery production. I mean, obviously there's not that many electric vehicles on the road as a percentage. And in addition those batteries are typically lasting seven to eight years, so there's not a lot of demand and there won't be for several years. But there are things that, once again that's that we're placing to make sure that when the opportunity comes out, it is an opportunity and not a headwind for us.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then lastly, if I could just sneak one more in. You mentioned something about the collision claims being CCC's collision claims were down a certain amount in Q4. But there was a couple of puts and takes around that. Could you just go over that? Yeah. 6% repeal claims. You mentioned there were some puts and takes as it regarded your business.
Justin Jude : Specific to claims, yes, they were down roughly 6% for Q4. Well, I guess we were kind of talking about on some of the puts and takes, some of the things that we're seeing softening, some of the slowdown of the headwinds that we were facing in 2024. They haven't all of a sudden January 1st hasn't rolled around and those headwinds are gone. We just anticipate that those things, those are slowly down and those were the used car pricing that was going to continue to climb in 2024. We're starting to see that flatten out and go positive. In addition, the large increase in insurance rates that were done in 2020, the large increase in insurance rates that were done in 2024 are kind of anniversary out. So that should moderate and hopefully we'll start to see some improvements in the back half of the year, as Rick mentioned.
Rick Galloway: And Gary, I'm not positive exactly if you were going right to the -- yeah, if you were going right to the prepared remarks that Justin talked about, what he was talking about for volumes year over year, don't forget the UAW strike. We got a benefit in 2023 on the volumes. So when he was talking about some of the puts and takes, he was saying, but the year over year, we would have a down, a hit related to the UAW strike. And then we also had the hurricanes that happened early in 2024. So there's a couple of items that impacted revenues year over year as well.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That's all I was looking for. Thank you.
Justin Jude : Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Bret Jordan with Jeffrey. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys. Let's follow up on the CCC questions. Good morning. Could you give us the total loss rate in the fourth quarter? Is that year over year change moderate?
Justin Jude : I don't have the exact number in front of me. I know the total loss rate slightly did go up in 2024 as once again, primarily in our opinion, driven by the used car pricing. But with the used car pricing starting to moderate and increase, that should alter the total loss rates going forward. In our long-term model, Bret, we have a moderate growth and total loss for a while. So that's kind of factored into our long-term thesis that the collision business is still good for us long-term.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And the question on the private label program in Europe, I think you talked about percentages used. What is this percent of revenues? And could you maybe give us some colors to what the gross margin difference is in private label versus your national brand product?
Rick Galloway: Yeah, the percentage of revenue is circa 20%. We see the opportunity to grow that to 30%. We have some markets today that are in that 30%, if not a little bit more than that, Bret. Historically, we think -- I mean, historically, we've seen a 25% increase in the margin. So apply a 25% factor to the actual gross margin percentage, meaning if it's 50%, it goes up to, I should use a better number, if it's 40%, it goes to 50%. But we typically see a 25% increase in the actual percentage rate.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And just a housekeeping number. I guess if tariffs, and who knows what happens with tariffs, but when you look at the OE product in sold in North America collision, what percent, you said less than 5% of your product is coming out of Canada, Mexico, China. What percentage of the OE parts are coming out of Mexico or Canada?
Justin Jude : I don't necessarily have a full answer to that. I mean, I know when they produce a vehicle, they mark on there what percentage is produced domestically, but they never break down whether that's an engine, a headlight, hoods or fenders. There is definitely, they produce more parts in Mexico or Canada or China than what we do percentage wise, I would say. So if it impacts all imports from those three countries, we actually think it's a benefit.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Justin Jude : Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions, so I'll pass you back to Justin for any closing comments.
Justin Jude : Thank you, operator. And everyone, thank you for joining the call this morning. And we look forward to speaking to you in April when we report on our first quarter of 2025 results. Thanks and have a good afternoon.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Lydia and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand you over to Joe Boutross, Vice President, Investor Relations to begin. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With us today are Justin Jude, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Justin Jude.
Justin Jude: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I want to start by saying that our thoughts and prayers are with all of those that have been affected by the Hurricanes Helene and Milton. The Southeast, in particular, is one of LKQ's strongest regions, which is a testament to our many dedicated employees and longstanding relationships with our customers in the region. We are grateful to report no fatalities among our LKQ team members, but property damage and disruptions to daily life have affected many. At LKQ, we pride ourselves on being a good corporate citizen and partnering with the communities in which we operate. In response to the hurricanes, we have earmarked funds to cover requests into our Employee Assistance Fund for financial relief and reached out to our employees for recommendations of local causes that could use our help. We also have made donations to charitable organizations involved with the disaster response efforts. I would also like to thank the LKQ team members who jumped into action to aid their colleagues and communities while there are too many individuals to name, I am truly inspired by their efforts to gather and deliver supplies to those in need and assist in the cleanup. As the region begins its recovery period, LKQ stands ready to continue to provide support. Shifting now to the quarter, last month we held an Investor Day where I laid out my management style and priorities. As a reminder, I stated that my priorities would focus on operational excellence and maximizing total shareholder return. In the third quarter, we evidenced this focus by taking action to simplify, integrate, and rationalize the business while returning value to our stakeholders. Let's start with the capital allocation and shareholder returns. At recent trading levels, we believe the best use of our capital is repurchasing our shares. We were active in the quarter, repurchasing 3 million shares for approximately $125 million. With $800 million left on our authorization and plans to remain active in the market in the coming years, I am pleased to announce our Board of Directors approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $1 billion with an extension through October 2026. Management's recommendation to increase and extend the authorization and the Board's approval thereof is evidence of our confidence in LKQ's future and our ability to generate robust free cash flow. In August, we paid a quarterly dividend totaling $79 million and our Board approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share to be paid in November. Moving to our operational excellence initiatives, the simplification of our portfolio and operations is a key pillar to drive better returns. As part of our portfolio review, we completed the sale of our Poland operation to Mekonomen in July and recently finalized the sale of our Bosnia business. Additionally, we have another small transaction nearing completion in the coming weeks. While this transaction is a very small component of our North American operation, the sale will eliminate a loss-making business while freeing up management's time. On the integration front, we continue to work on merging our recent acquisitions into existing LKQ operations. While most of the heavy lifting is done on Uni-Select's footprint rationalization, the teams are identifying additional efficiencies and have selected seven more locations for closure. Andy Hamilton talked about the SKU rationalization effort in Europe, and I am pleased to report the team pushed this project forward in the quarter and have now reviewed over 25 product groups representing 425,000 SKUs for more than 50% of our project scope. Also in Europe, we are working on restructuring activities to reduce costs and increase efficiencies related to our logistics network. We will have more details on these efforts in 2025. And lastly, our specialty business recently completed the combining of two warehouses near Dallas, a legacy facility, and a facility we acquired as part of a 2023 transaction into a new more efficient single location. Our commitment to lean operating culture is critically important, especially in a period when the top line is facing headwinds. In addition to the substantial cost actions we have already taken this year, all of our businesses are undertaking another review of the cost structures as part of our annual budget process. Additionally, we are conducting a benchmark study on our overhead costs to determine where we have opportunities to be more productive and cost effective. Growth is our final operational excellence pillar, and we strive to grow organic revenue and increase operating margins. We were not wholly successful in this regard during the third quarter, as many of the economic and industry headwinds we faced in the first half of 2024 continued to have a negative impact on our results. While parts and services revenue was down roughly 4% organically on a per day basis, there were some positives to take away. North America declined 7.5% on a per day basis, with aftermarket down to a greater extent than salvage. Q3 extended the trend of year-over-year repairable claims decreases, with claims falling 9.5% following a 7.0% drop in the second quarter. Our collision volumes were down only 6%, showing that despite the drop in claims, we did not lose share. We believe the decrease in claims are still tied to the economic factors we discussed last quarter, such as the rising insurance premiums and the decrease in used car pricing. While we anticipated claims volumes would not rebound quickly in the second half, the Q3 decrease was higher than we projected, and it contributed to an underperformance of revenue relative to guidance. The Q3 claims figure suggests the possibility of a longer recovery period than we previously thought, and we are working through this evaluation with our strategy and operations teams as part of our 2025 budget process. Europe's revenue was flat on a per day basis, but was an improvement from the 1.3% decrease we reported in the second quarter. Certain markets showed single-digit growth, while others declined at a similar range. Economic conditions remained challenging across most markets in Europe, notably in Germany and the U.K. Competition is also contributing to the challenging condition, as consistent with last quarter, some of the smaller players are aggressively pushing price. The North American revenue decline of 7.5% per day was larger than what we reported in the first two quarters. The sequential change is attributable to repairable claims in Q3 and the mixed impact of incremental paint revenue in the organic calculation. We passed a one-year mark since the Uni-Select acquisition on August 1st, 2024, and as a result, the FinishMaster revenue became part of the organic calculation for part of Q3. Organic paint revenue was down by a greater percentage than the segment as a whole, resulting from softness in FinishMaster's direct sales. There was some revenue loss post-acquisition as customers re-evaluated their supplier situation, and sales reps left to join competitors. As we integrated the business and aligned our sales teams, we believe the situation has stabilized, and the team is working to win back business with LKQ's combination of superior availability and service. Specialty took a step backward in the third quarter, with organic revenue down 10% on a per-day basis, compared to 2% in the first half. Economic conditions, including higher interest rates and relatively low consumer confidence, have contributed to lower vehicle and RV sales, thus creating a significant headwind for our part sales. We expect the challenging conditions to continue through the fourth quarter. Shifting to our profitability measures, adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 2% compared to Q3 last year, and the segment EBITDA margin improved by 30 basis points. Rick will provide further details on these numbers in his remarks. Before turning the call to Rick, I want to mention a few noteworthy items for the quarter. Hurricanes Helene and Milton have affected our operations in North America, as some of our locations and many of our customers were shut down as a result of the storms and the after effects. To give an idea of the impact on LKQ's operations, Helene forced four closures of nearly 25% of our locations in the Southeast, and these locations were down between one and six days. Milton forced closures of nearly 75% of our quarter locations for between one and four days. Thankfully, we didn't incur any significant property damage, so the impact will be mostly related to lost revenue. Earlier this month, dock workers on the East and Gulf Coast went to strike for three days. A tentative agreement got them back to work as negotiations continue on a final contract. We expect the strike dates to have an impact on our inventory, as each day off was estimated to require a week to catch up. We were already experiencing delays for shipments brought into the East Coast, and while we believe our current inventory levels are adequate to support the business, there could be some minor impacts to our fill rates over the coming months. We are also contingency planning in case a final contract isn't agreed to by January. Last quarter, we reported that we reached an agreement with a trade union representing a number of our employees in Germany, and we are pleased with the progress in restoring normal operating performance and branch availability improved in the quarter, rising to nearly 95%. I'll now turn the call to Rick for a review of the financials and guidance.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Justin, and welcome to everyone joining us today. Third quarter results reflect solid overall performance, but with some variability across the business. Europe performed well in the face of challenging macroeconomic conditions, but revenue in our North America and specialty segments came in lower than expected due to factors mentioned by Justin. As discussed during the Investor Day, we were experiencing softer than anticipated revenue in North America in July and August numbers. This softness continued into September with preliminary repairable claims data indicating a larger than expected decrease in total Q3 year-over-year repairable claims. Additionally, Hurricane Helene had a small but negative impact on the final week of the quarter. These challenging economic conditions, including further declines in collision claims from Q2 to Q3, were difficult to overcome, but we are proud of all of our 48,000 employees who remained focused on delivering solid operating performance through our lean operating model. Turning now to the third quarter consolidated results. Our actions to simplify the business and align cost structures to demand levels contributed to improvement in our segment EBITDA margins by 30 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.88 was $0.02 higher than the prior year figure. Lower share counts due to our ongoing share repurchase program and lower taxes contributed to a year-over-year improvement in adjusted EPS of approximately $0.04. These were offset by roughly $0.02 of a net decline in operating results. We saw significant improvements in EBITDA in both our Europe and self-service segments. Europe posted double-digit EBITDA margins for the second straight quarter despite a challenging macroeconomic environment. Self-service benefited from their focus on improved vehicle procurement costs and productivity with some additional help from more favorable movement in scrap steel prices during the quarter. However, organic revenue declines in North America driven largely by aftermarket and paint volumes contributed to a mixed decrease and ultimately lower EBITDA for the North America segment. Difficult economic conditions in the auto and RV markets also led to a decline in organic revenue and earnings in our specialty segment. As noted in Q1, we implemented a global restructuring program focused on enhancing profitability. In Q3, we expanded the 2024 restructuring plan to simplify the business and to align with current demand including additional footprint rationalization and streamlining our logistics models. Given the persistent market demand pressures and macroeconomic challenges, we are continuing to execute on our restructuring plans in North America and Europe to reduce headcount and exit underperforming locations. As a result, we incurred $14 million in charges for the quarter. Further charges are expected in future periods for severance, lease termination costs, and other related expenses. Now for segment results. Going to Slide 8. North America posted a segment EBITDA margin of 16.1%, a 90 basis point decrease relative to last year. Last quarter, we projected the full year margin would be around 17% with the full year impact of Uni-Select dilution. The reported margin for the third quarter was below our expectations as the cost actions taken including Uni-Select synergies from integration and other restructuring efforts were not enough to offset the lower aftermarket revenue with the related mix effect on gross margins as aftermarket collision revenue has a higher margin than our other wholesale product lines. Relative to the prior year, salvage margins were also down reflecting more favorable revenue, vehicle cost trends, and commodity prices in the prior year period. Overhead expenses decreased 90 basis points in North America reflecting lower personnel costs primarily related to incentive compensation with the Uni-Select synergies and productivity initiatives largely offsetting significant inflationary pressures and the leverage effect of the organic revenue decline. With the headwinds on repairable claims and salvage margins as well as the impact from the hurricanes, we estimate North America's EBITDA margins will be in the low to mid-16s for the full year. Looking at Slide 9, Europe reported a segment EBITDA margin of 10.2%, a 90 basis point improvement over last year. Gross margin rose slightly despite the difficult economic conditions as we were able to pass along some pricing to help offset input cost increases in certain markets. Overhead expenses were favorable by 70 basis points compared to the prior year period. While productivity measures largely offset inflationary pressures, our prior year SG&A expenses included a 70 basis point charge related to a nonrecurring value-added tax audit matter in Italy. We remain focused on productivity measures to offset the ongoing inflationary pressures on overhead expenses and cost of goods sold and have expanded the 2024 restructuring plan in Europe to support these efforts. Many of these actions have been initiated and are in process, but the benefits will be more notable in the fourth quarter and heading into 2025. When we talked 90 days ago, we expected EBITDA margins in Europe to be in the mid to high 9s. With current volume expectations and the actions we've taken to address productivity, we believe EBITDA margins will fall in line with this range. On a long-term basis, we expect to deliver double-digit EBITDA margins in Europe. Moving to Slide 10, specialties EBITDA margin of 7.3% declined 130 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily driven by a decline in organic revenue and resulting leverage effect on overhead costs. Demand softness in the auto and RV product lines and competitive pricing pressures remain challenges for the business. We have been implementing changes to improve our net pricing and saw sequential quarterly improvement in gross margin in the last three quarters. Overhead expenses were roughly flat in dollar terms, but were higher as a percentage of revenue, primarily due to lower operating leverage on the organic revenue decline. We believe the full-year segment EBITDA margin will be closer to 7% given the continued organic revenue declines. Self-service generated a 7.3% segment EBITDA margin in Q3, which is an almost 800 basis point improvement from last year. In dollar terms, segment EBITDA increased by $11 million. Efforts to manage vehicle procurement costs combined with overhead cost controls and favorable movements in scrap steel prices helped drive an improvement in profitability. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced $341 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $661 million. We invested approximately $16 million in two small tuck-in acquisitions, including one in Canada and one in Europe. In addition, we paid down approximately $35 million in outstanding debt. In the third quarter, we continued to return value to our shareholders with $125 million per share repurchases and our quarterly dividend totaling $79 million. We will also continue with our $0.30 per share quarterly dividend into 2025. At this level, the dividend payout aligns with our stated capital allocation policy and allows us to retain strategic flexibility for capital allocation. We have committed to allocating at least 50% of our free cash flow towards dividends and share repurchases, and our third quarter activity kept us on pace to deliver on this commitment. On a year-to-date basis, we have generated free cash flow of $661 million and invested $520 million for share repurchases and dividends, or almost 80% of our free cash flow. As of September 30, we had total debt of $4.4 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.4 times EBITDA, a slight increase from the prior quarter but within a range of expectations. We remain committed to maintaining a manageable debt level and our investment grade rating. Our effective borrowing cost was 5.5% at the end of Q3, slightly down from Q2 as a result of recently lowered benchmark rates. We have $1.7 billion in variable rate debt, of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps, which effectively provides a fixed rate on over 75% of our debt. I will close with an update on our full year 2024 guidance. We expected in our prior guidance the drop in repairable claims volumes in North America would remain at the same level of year-over-year declines into the back half of the year. Given the greater-than-anticipated drop in the third quarter weighing down organic revenue, combined with lower-than-expected volumes in our specialty business and headwinds from hurricanes in the southeastern portion of the U.S., we are adjusting our full year guidance. As mentioned previously, we view the market-driven volume declines we'll abate, but expect them to impact us in the fourth quarter and eventually level off in 2025. While we have taken action to mitigate these effects through cost controls and margin actions, those will not be enough to offset the full year impact of the lower revenue expectations. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metal prices hold near September prices. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes rates roughly in line with the third quarter. The global tax rate edged up slightly to 27.0% due to shifts in our geographical mix of earnings. Our full year guidance metrics on Slide 12 have been updated from Q2 earnings call. We expect reported organic parts and services revenue in the range of negative 275 basis points to negative 175 basis points. At the negative 2.25% midpoint, this is a decrease of 175 basis points from the prior guidance. The continued softness in Q3 organic revenue in North America and specialty, along with the impact of the hurricanes in the U.S., drove the decision to lower the full year range. We expect the top-line headwinds in North America will linger into 2025. We are working through our budgeting process for next year and will update you on the expectations during our Q4 earnings release in February. In Europe, the top-line recovery from the difficult economic environment in several markets is slower than originally anticipated, and we expect Q4 organic growth to be similar to what we saw in Q3. As a result of these headwinds, we expect adjusted diluted EPS to be slightly lower and in the range of $3.38 to $3.52, a decrease of $0.15 from our previous midpoint. The primary driver of the decrease includes the market-driven demand dynamics in North America and specialty. While we expect to see volatility in these revenue trends, the team is focusing on addressing those items within our control, including our cost structure, and will continue to execute on productivity and restructuring initiatives, which will partially offset these revenue trends in Q4 and will further benefit us heading into 2025. The free cash flow targets at 50% to 60% annual EBITDA conversion and approximately $850 million remain unchanged from prior guidance. Diligent balance sheet and capital expenditure management will help deliver the full-year target despite the lower expected profitability while continuing to balance trade working capital needs heading into 2025. Thanks for your time. I will now turn the call back to Justin for his closing comments.
Justin Jude: Thanks, Rick, for the financial commentary. As I close the book on my first quarter as CEO, I want to thank all of my LKQ colleagues for what they do each and every day to make LKQ an exceptional company. Things don't always go according to plan, and Q3 threw us a few curveballs, but the LKQ team immediately went to work addressing these issues. Their knowledge, resilience, and work ethic are second to none, and we will help us emerge even stronger from the challenging conditions facing our industry. I am very proud to work with this team, and I am excited about LKQ's future. I will now ask the operator to open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wondered if you could shed more light on the issue with respect to paint and the competition that you're seeing there. What's going on in that category? Do you think it's a change in the competitive landscape or just a tactical move by your competitors?
Justin Jude: I'd say maybe a mixture of both, Craig. This is Justin. Thanks for the question. If you remember last year, we announced the intent to acquire Uni-Select, and then it went six months. We were kind of in a quiet period. We couldn't talk to FinishMaster folks. We couldn't talk to the customers. At that time, that quiet period creates some unsureness, and FinishMaster had lost some accounts pre-acquisition or pre-closing and leading into post-acquisition. As you know, some of those contracts get worked on six months in advance. Additionally, there was a larger MSO that had been lost by FinishMaster, and that business was being migrated away after we acquired and closed on FinishMaster. Obviously, we talked about rapidly integrating the footprint, integrating the sales teams. We kind of started off at a lost position of where we expected to be, but the teams have aligned the sales, refocused the groups collectively. Right now, we think that we're showing that we've moderated the loss and started to grow share. Really, we don't think there's anybody that can compete with us on our service and availability.
Craig Kennison: Maybe just, Justin, if you could shed light on the value proposition LKQ has with respect to having paint as part of your overall portfolio and whether that's persuasive to your customers. Thank you.
Justin Jude: Yes. As you guys may know, the margin on paint is lower than typically on parts. A lot of the paint competitors that we deal with, even FinishMaster prior to LKQ acquiring them, would cut their costs from the service level to make sure that they can maintain their profits, such as delivering once a week or delivering twice a week. So now, when we've integrated the warehouses of FinishMaster into the LKQ footprint, we're delivering to our body shops two times a day in some markets, same day, every day of the week. We're able to put paint on that vehicle. So, from a service level, from an inventory depth standpoint and availability, it's hard for any of these other paint distribution businesses to compete with us on a like for like. Just because our cost structure, we already have the truck going there, once again, once a day or twice a day, with parts both used in aftermarket and then for us to add paint out of the same warehouses is just a marginal increase in cost. So, from a service level and cost to serve, it's, in my opinion, it's very hard for our competition to compete with that.
Craig Kennison: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Stember with ROTH MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions as well.
Justin Jude: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Within North America, I'm trying to parse out what happened in aftermarket. I remember last year, you guys caught lightning in a bottle because of State Farm coming back into the market and the availability of aftermarket parts increased. Is this more a function of tough comparisons for aftermarket or is there something going on where customers are shifting their focus and preference back to salvage?
Justin Jude: I'm going to use that line, by the way, lightning in a bottle. I like that, Scott. Yes, I would say it's really tied to the repairable claims fees. I mean, if you look at our aftermarket business, it's 100% tied to collision. And so, when you see the claims drop, that puts a lot of downward pressure on the aftermarket piece. Like any time we talked about in the last call, any time the market drops, our competitors don't necessarily, whether that's OEM or whether that's other aftermarket distributors, our competitors don't necessarily know if it's the market or if they're losing shares. So, they get a little bit more aggressive on price trying to get some shares. So, we don't chase price down, but it does create some pressure on the margin a little bit with aftermarket. But the line issue with the drop in aftermarket would be tied to the repairable claims fees.
Rick Galloway: Yes Scott, just to add on to that, just a minute. The other thing to think about is with State Farm coming up last year, and you look at that compared to the repairable claims, there was a significant difference between the downgrade in the repairable claims in the back half of last year versus where revenue was. That plus the strike that happened at the OEs last year did help our overall revenue. So, the comps, you're correct on the aftermarket piece, there are tougher comps when you're looking at what happened within the industry last year as well.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then just last question. There was a lot of things, a lot of transitory add-ons, which impacted this quarter and probably the fourth quarter as well from the storms and strikes. Is there any way to quantify the impact from the storms for the full year or how much of your guidance coming down was because of that and the strike?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So, let me take that one, Scott. As far as the third quarter impact, it was minimal impact on the storms. There was a - Helene hit at the very end, and I talked about it just briefly, that there was a little bit of an impact on the last week of the quarter. Going into Q4, we did see, obviously, Milton hit the Southeast as well, and there was significant cleanup, and there's still significant cleanup on Helene but we're still trying to quantify. We didn't receive very much, as Justin talked about, property damage, but we are still seeing the impacts of revenue. So, part of what we're doing within our revenue and our overall EPS guidance, if you think about what we talked about Investor Day, Investor Day I talked about as being below our previous midpoint. I think when we look back to where consensus was, is below $3.50, $3.53, I think is what it was for the year. So, if you think about the only thing that's really happened since then is a little bit further decline in repairable claims than what we had expected. We were expecting about what we saw in Q2, which was around 7%, and now it's a little north of 9%. So, we're framing that out. And then, additionally, there's two hurricanes and a strike that happened. So, that's how we get, essentially, that $0.07 dropping from that roughly $3.53 consensus down to $3.45.
Scott Stember: Got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Butler with Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Rick Galloway: Morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: When you're looking at 2025 and you talk about macro pressures abating at some point, what gives you confidence ? I mean what - is that this - that you will see some kind of abatement of the claims issue into 2025? And is that a second half of 2025, or is that kind of a first half? Just trying to get a sense of what you're thinking about from a perspective of timing on that.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Brian, I mean, on the repairable claims piece, as I talked about, it's really an output of how the insurance cost is affecting the consumers, whether that's in their premiums or whether that's an deductible that they may have raised, then relative to what that used car value is after that vehicle is fixed. I think we've seen, there might have been a couple increases with a couple months here and there, but we've almost seen two years of declining used car pricing. And so we kind of, and as we talk to people in the industry and outside of the industry, we kind of forecast that used car pricing at some point should moderate, hopefully in the back half of 2025, and start to show some improvement. As those used car values start to increase, it makes it more economical for consumers to repair their vehicles, whether it's from a collision or even general maintenance. And so we think overall some of that headwind of used car pricing should start subsiding, I would say, in the mid-2025 and start to show some improvements in the back half of next year.
Brian Butler: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the free cash flow, you maintained it at $850 million for 2024. What capital spending is either being pushed out or foregone kind of to hit that $850 number? And how do we think about that, again, coming back online in 2025?
Rick Galloway: Yes, Brian, I can start off and take that. What I talked about, and I think it is important, cash is king, right? So if we look at $850 million, which is what we had all year long talking about our free cash flow, the team has done a tremendous job managing trade working capital. Trade working capital, the usage of our supply chain financing has been going up. The extension of terms. A large focus on trade working capital is the bulk of how we're able to achieve this, even with decline in overall EBITDA dollars. When you look at some of the CapEx items that we're pushing off, there's always a need for it, but we're saying, look, let's make sure that there's nothing that's going to impact our overall earnings, nothing's going to impact our growth. And so there's some of the things that you can delay for three months, six months, something like that, that we're looking at the overall returns. And keep in mind as well, when Justin came on, he looked at the hurdle rates, and he wasn't just talking about acquisitions or divestitures. He's looking at overall hurdle rates. So there's some items that just quite honestly don't pass the hurdle rate that we've got in there. And so there's been a little bit of a change of, look, if it's not going to pass the hurdle rate, there's a better use of our cash. And so that's the way to think of that. It's not delaying repairs or anything like that that would come and sort of increase the number next year because we've delayed it this year. It's more of, it just doesn't pass the hurdle rate, and it's a project that we're probably not just going to do.
Brian Butler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead. Hi.
Gary Prestopino: Hi, good morning, everyone. Justin, you mentioned that in Europe you reviewed 25 product categories, 425,000 SKUs, about 50% of what you want to do. Will this be completed by the end of 2024, and then you can start implementing changes that would benefit going into 2025?
Justin Jude: Yes, Gary, we do not forecast that we're going to be completed by the end of 2024. Our expectation is, I mean, you're talking, obviously, hundreds of thousands of SKUs, and you need to understand the market dynamics of what those brands may, whether they're relevant in those markets or not, making sure that we have coverage by an application more so than coverage by a brand. We're projecting that the complete analysis will be done in early 2025, and we'll start to be able to make changes on our SKU, our stocking level of certain SKUs, and start to show some of those improvements, although small, in the back half of 2025. But it won't be done by the end of this year, but it should be done by the early Q1 - early 2025, okay.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, and then just lastly, with the exit of operations in Poland and Bosnia, I mean, in Europe, do you have any other small operations that you're considering closing in these various countries, or are you basically done with all that with these smaller cats-and-dog operations?
Justin Jude: Yes, Gary, our review of the portfolio is constant, ongoing. There are other smaller operations, both in North America and in Europe, that we're always analyzing. There may be some more on the horizon. Anytime we do investitures or something like that, my preference is just show you, don't tell you about it. So once again, our portfolio review is constant, ongoing, and we'll continue to look at that.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jash Patwa: Hi, good morning. This is Jash Patwa on for Ryan Brinkman. Thanks for taking my questions. Justin, with industry headwinds weighing on top-line growth in the near term and visibility around recovery timeline seemingly low as of now in both North America and Europe, do you expect to see incremental acquisition opportunities in the market as relatively less sophisticated peers start to face the profitability front of these broader headwinds, especially given their lack of pricing discipline? Just trying to gauge if the current environment could provide a conducive environment for accelerated industry consolidation, and whether LKQ would be willing to lean incrementally into M&A if the opportunity arises. Thanks, and I have a quick follow-up.
Justin Jude: Yes, I guess, I mean, mainly around the acquisition piece, we have definitely came out publicly and said we're not looking after any large acquisitions with the way our stock prices are now, we're heavily weighted towards share repurchase. There are acquisitions that we'll bring into the company, but these are smaller, synergistic, highly synergistic tuck-in acquisitions that bring returns in the mid-to-upper teens over a short period of time. Think of acquisitions where we may have a market that has three-step distribution. One of our customers is that wholesale distributor, and we can acquire that wholesale distributor that may be our customer and convert that market from three-step to two-step. So, there are some that are opportunities, and we've done some. We'll continue to look at those, but they're going to be small and highly synergistic.
Rick Galloway: I think just to add on to one of the things I heard you talking about was consolidation within the overall marketplace. One of the things with LKQ having so many acquisitions over the last 25 years, we're involved with a lot of the discussions, and there's not anything that we're overly concerned about or something that we're seeing that is a major change in the overall market conditions that we won't be able to combat with the footprint that we have and something we're pretty confident on. One thing, the line was a little bit shaky when you were talking. If there's anything that we missed on there, just let us know, and we can respond to that.
Jash Patwa: No, that's very helpful color, thanks for that, and I just wanted to get if you could give us an update on the Elitek diagnostics and calibration business, any color around how that business has scaled over the past couple years? How are you anticipating go-forward growth here, and how should we think about the scope and potential implications of the ongoing lawsuit with Repairify? Thanks.
Rick Galloway: Yes, on the Elitek piece, majority of our business there is mobile, where we actually have technicians going and augmenting body shops' work to make sure they can calibrate the vehicle and do technical repairs. That business was growing pretty strong for us for a while, but with the repairable claims coming down as we have, it's kind of given some extra free time to body shops, in some cases some of the MSOs, to figure out how to do it internally right now. That business is still strong, good margins for us. The growth has slowed down, but it's still growing. On the Repairify side, any once again, not much of our business is on the mobile I'm sorry, is on the remote piece, but we don't have any concerns with the IP on that case.
Jash Patwa: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys. On the working capital cash flow that you're seeing. Could you talk about sort of what inning you're at there and how much you'll see still available after you generate cash from working capital this year?
Rick Galloway: Yes, Bret, we've been seeing about a 10% improvement when we look at our overall trade working capital, particularly the payables as well as the supply chain financing. We're seeing that again this year. If I look at our European operations, we're up almost 12% versus year end on our supply chain financing program. I would expect we'd probably have another year or two to be able to go with those, and then it starts to weigh in. As far as the working capital goes, we're obviously making a really big push this year, especially with what's going on in the overall market dynamics, to drive free cash flow and make sure that we deliver on the free cash flow commitment that we made at the beginning of the year. And so the team's doing a tremendous job of doing that. I think we have a little bit more time to be able to enhance that going into 2025, and then it starts tapering off probably the back end of 2026.
Bret Jordan: Okay, and then I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about competition in Europe. Is that primarily GSF in the U.K., or is there other competition in other regional European markets? And could you maybe parse out dispersion in Europe? You called out Germany and U.K. as weaker. Was Benelux in Italy relatively stronger, or all in the same bucket?
Justin Jude: I would say the worst economic ones were the U.K. and Germany, economic slowdown in the Benelux area. Going back to your comment on competition, I mean, obviously GSF is in the U.K. market, but we have competitors in every market for which we operate in. So anytime there's some of those headwinds or market dynamics, sometimes the smaller competitors react differently. But I would say every market, we have several different competitors that we compete with day in and day out.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great, thank you.
Rick Galloway: One thing, I think we're getting close to the end of the overall questions. One of the things that came in through a couple of the analysts, I just want to make sure we're there, in the effort of doing our simplification and simplifying our new document that we put out for the press release and then also for the earnings presentation, we did pull out gross margin by segment. Let me give that to you. That's something that we don't have a problem giving. I just have pulled it out of the overall document. So I know there's a couple of questions. Craig, I know you had mentioned that as well. In North America, we had 42.8%. In Q3, in Europe, we had 38.4%. In specialty, we had 26.0%. And then in self-service, we had 41.7%. So if that helps you guys with your models, I just want to make sure you have the data on the call.
Justin Jude: And with that, it looks like we're going to wrap up the call. I want to give a huge shout out and a huge thanks to our over 50,000 employees for what they do every day. Our industry is facing challenges right now. It's not the first time. It won't be the last time. But I'm extremely proud of each and every one of our employees on how they reacted on the cost structure, how they reacted on making sure that we grew share or did not lose share. Our company, LKQ, with our size and scale and quite honestly, our winning culture, there's nobody that can beat us in the future. So huge thanks to the employees for everything that you guys do. And also huge thanks for all those that participated on the call today. We appreciate it. And we will talk to you guys on the next one.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our call today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone. Welcome to LKQ Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kiki [ph] and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Joe Boutross, to begin. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With us today are Justin Jude, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Justin Jude.
Justin Jude: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I am deeply honored and excited to be able to speak with you today as the CEO of LKQ, a company where I've spent the last 20 years working with dedicated colleagues to build a strong and vital business. Before diving into the results for the quarter, I want to start by laying out my overarching priorities for our company and the plans we are executing to enhance performance and drive value for LKQ shareholders. LKQ is a strong company with market-leading businesses. We have been successful by leaning into our operational excellence strategy with a focus on profitable revenue growth, margin enhancement and cash flow generation. Under my leadership, we will prioritize these strategic pillars which are an integral part of LKQ's culture. However, this doesn't mean we'll follow the exact same playbook. I expect my team to challenge the status quo, to be innovative, to set goals and communicate them so we hold each other accountable and to learn from mistakes. Rick and I have years of experience operating successful businesses, of which 4, we're together running our North American wholesale segment. We will work together with our global team to run an efficient organization, one that is focused on growing market share while driving productivity and actively managing the cost structure. In terms of capital allocation, our guiding principle is to direct our resources to the most value-enhancing opportunities. From our vantage point today, share repurchases will be a priority and a means of driving shareholder value. As you can see from our repurchase activity in the second quarter, we believe our shares are trading below their intrinsic value and repurchases represent our best use of funds. We see attractive return metrics in our shares and through our capital allocation priorities, you should expect to see ongoing programmatic share repurchasing activity. We have paused any large-scale acquisitions and raised the hurdle rate for improving synergistic tuck-in transactions. In fact, we have walked away from deals in recent months because the returns on investment did not meet our new criteria. Rationalizing the asset base has been a key element of our strategic framework. We have routinely examined our assets from individual locations up to lines of business to determine if the assets align with our future plans. As part of this process, we identified certain lines of business that did not fit our strategic objectives and we took action, divesting 14 businesses in the last 5 years which represented over $600 million in low margin revenue. These transactions were done judiciously and following a disciplined process to achieve a favorable outcome and we will continue to carefully evaluate whether we are the right owners for any of our businesses while we focus on our core strengths. Finally, cash flow generation will remain central to our business. Delivering strong cash flow allows us to invest in our future through capital projects and to return value to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining a manageable debt level and our investment-grade rating. I'll now provide some comments on our results and then Rick will discuss our financials and guidance. Our second quarter results did not meet expectations on the top line. In the first quarter, we faced revenue headwinds from a decrease in repairable claims in North America which was influenced by mild and dry winter weather conditions. In our Q1 commentary, we noted there would be a carryover effect in the second quarter as shops had lighter backlogs than normal going into April and we acknowledge a further risk to revenue if repairable claims didn't rebound as we were projecting. As you can see from our second quarter results, the revenue trends moved in an unfavorable direction in North America as well as our other 3 segments. On a per day basis, organic parts and revenue was down 2.9% overall and was negative in each segment. Drilling down and starting with North America, organic revenue decreased by 5.3%, with the largest drop coming from aftermarket collision parts. Similar to Q1, repairable claims were down in the second quarter by 7%, proving to be a headwind. Although not material, access to aftermarket inventory following the Panama Canal disruption and delays with inbound deliveries also had a negative effect. As we continue to see a reduction in repairable claims during Q2, we dug deeper into the market to further understand the drivers of this sequential decrease. While weather was a contributing factor to the reduction in Q1's repairable claims, as we mentioned on the last call, we further researched the impact of rising insurance costs and declining used car values on the consumer's decision to repair their vehicle. We found the combination of these economic factors, rising insurance premiums and repair costs relative to the declining used car prices have the largest aggregate effect. In parallel, we also engaged a leading global consulting firm to conduct an independent assessment of the market and their findings lined up with our deep dive analysis. Based on these findings, we believe that most of these factors are temporary as weather conditions will fluctuate from year to year and economic conditions should normalize over time, allowing for insurance cost to moderate and used car prices to stabilize. We believe that an improvement in economic conditions will contribute to more cars being repaired. The smaller impact of repairable claims is the ongoing effect of ADAS technology entering the car park and we estimate that headwind to approximately be a 1% decrease in repairable claims per year. This is further supported by research from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety and the Highway Loss Data Institute, that states there is little evidence that partial automation systems are preventing collisions. However, the ADAS impact is not news to us and it doesn't change our near and long-term outlook on the collision market as we believe there will continue to be offset [indiscernible] volumes with revenue opportunities from an increase in parts per estimate, the cost of more complex replacement parts, expanding our services of calibration and diagnostics and continued growth in APU. Rick will discuss in more detail how we are factoring these temporary effects into our guidance. We have taken decisive cost actions to address the revenue shortfall. As we discussed on the last call, we accelerated the FinishMaster integration and announced a global restructuring program in the first quarter. With revenue remaining soft in Q2, we implemented a further cost reduction plan and I am pleased with the progress the North American team has made. Just as the team proved throughout the COVID pandemic, we know how to drive cost out of the business and we exited Q2 with $60 million in run rate savings on the cost reductions. By making these actions quick, North America was able to generate a segment EBITDA margin above 17%, in line with our previous guidance. Our actions have been careful and deliberate and we believe we are well positioned to scale back up again as demand increases. Switching to our Europe segment; organic parts and services revenue increased by 0.3% on a reported basis but declined 1.3% on a per day basis due to volume reductions. There were several factors behind the negative trend with economic conditions being the most significant component. Modest economic growth and high inflation across many of our markets, including the U.K. and Germany, have impacted demand contributing to a year-over-year decline in overall volume. Like North America, we expect the unfavorable economic conditions to be a temporary headwind but one that will likely persist through the second half of 2024. Other factors impacting revenue include the strike activity in Germany and heightened competition from small distributors. With the pressure coming from soft consumer demand, we are seeing some of our smaller competitors aggressively lowering prices. LKQ has been a price leader but we are also very disciplined. By resisting price decreases, we lost some volume in the quarter. However, we do not think the short-term pricing behavior of these competitors is sustainable or irrational strategy and we believe our compelling value proposition will continue to be a key competitive advantage. Europe has also taken actions to mitigate the revenue decline, including cost takeouts and productivity initiatives. Given local regulations, these efforts require more time to implement and thus, the benefits weren't fully realized in the second quarter. We expect to see greater cost savings as the year progresses and into 2025. Additionally, the European team continues to advance our SKU rationalization project. The team has reviewed product groups representing about 1/3 of our revenue and we believe there is an opportunity to reduce about 30% of the current SKUs in these groups. The SKUs would be delisted over a 3-year period starting in 2025, with the large majority coming in the first 2 years. As I noted in my introductory remarks, we continue to review our portfolio and look for opportunities to divest noncore businesses. In Q2, we reached an agreement to sell our operations [indiscernible] and the transaction is expected to close in the third quarter. Combined with the previously announced sales of our Bosnian and Slovenian businesses, the ELIT Polska divestiture reflects our ongoing efforts to streamline and simplify our operations while improving our margin profile. This sale represents a good strategic fit as both LKQ and Mekonomen operated in Poland but neither had the scale to compete effectively with the larger players in the market. The combined operation will be better positioned to compete and we will share any upside potential through our investment in Mekonomen. Shifting to specialty; organic revenue was down 2.1% for the quarter, roughly in line with the Q1 change. Softness in RV demand continues to be a headwind with uncertain economic conditions and high interest rates contributing to pressure on retail volume. We are seeing growth in some product lines, including marine. Consistent with the rest of the organization, specialty has taken cost actions to protect margins and is narrowing the gap in the year-over-year margin change. I want to mention some other noteworthy items for the past several months. In May, we received a favorable ruling from the Federal Circuit Court related to design patents. We believe the ruling is a win for the aftermarket industry and consumers who benefit from the value proposition offered by aftermarket products. In June, the Verdi Trade Union and Employers Association in Germany entered into a new collective bargaining agreement. The new contract which runs through April 2026, covers approximately 5,000 of our employees and puts an end to the strike activity we experienced over the last year. We remain dedicated to providing the industry's best service to our customers and this agreement will improve our ability to deliver on this commitment. We have already seen an improvement in branch availability following the agreement and we expect to get back to pre-strike levels in the second half of this year. In the quarter, we did a handful of tuck-in acquisitions, mostly by our BUMPER TO BUMPER business in Canada, where a tax law change provided an incentive to finish deals prior to June 30. As I noted earlier, we are deprioritizing M&A as we shift focus to share repurchase and other more accretive uses of capital. On that note, we returned over $200 million to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases in the quarter. This included the highest number of shares repurchased any quarter in the past 18 months and we are continuing to repurchase shares in Q3. Our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share to be paid in August. Finally, from a governance standpoint, we regularly review the composition of our Board and ensure that we have members with the relevant experience and skills to support our mission. As part of this process, last week, we added Andy Clarke as a new board member. Andy is a former public company CFO and financial expert and we are excited to add his expertise to the Board. I'll now turn the call over to Rick for a review of the financials and guidance.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Justin and welcome to everyone joining us today. The Q2 results reflect lower than forecasted revenue for the second quarter as discussed by Justin. On a consolidated basis, gross margin also fell short of target as the lower aftermarket volumes in North America contributed to an overall mix decrease and pricing in Europe did not fully cover input cost increases. While our second quarter performance did not meet expectations on the top line, we took swift and impactful cost actions and dug deep on the operational excellence principles that drove our growth and margin expansion over the last 5 years. Those actions, including accelerating the FinishMaster integration and implementing a restructuring plan helped improve our margins despite the lower revenue. We saw sequential EBITDA margin expansion of 140 basis points on a consolidated basis, including 100 basis points in North America which brought us back up above 17%. With the expectation of continuing headwinds impacting top line performance, we are updating our full year guidance. While each of the segment teams has detailed action plans in place to maximize their performance for the remainder of the year and rightsize the business for current volume trends, the ongoing revenue challenges across the business and persistent inflationary pressures in Europe expected in the back half of the year will result in lower revenue and earnings. Turning now to the second quarter consolidated results. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.98 was $0.11 lower than the prior year figure. Movements in commodity prices, primarily precious metals, contributed to a $0.04 year-over-year decrease. The balance of the decrease was predominantly driven by operating results that did not offset the higher year-over-year interest expense resulting from the Uni-Select acquisition. Operating results were negatively impacted by decreases in organic revenue, including the lower North American aftermarket collision volumes and the resulting overall mix decrease and margin pressures stemming from the difficult macroeconomic conditions in Europe. Now for segment results; going to Slide 11. North America posted a segment EBITDA margin of 17.3%, a 330 basis point decrease relative to last year. Last quarter, we projected that the full year margin would be around 17% due to the dilution impact from Uni-Select. The reported margin for the second quarter met our expectation as the cost actions offset the lower aftermarket revenue and the related mix effect on gross margins resulting from lower aftermarket collision revenue which has a higher margin than our other wholesale product lines. Relative to the prior year, in addition to the Uni-Select dilution effect on gross margin, salvage margins were down, reflecting less favorable revenue and vehicle cost trends and lower catalytic converter prices in Q2 2024. Overhead expenses partially offset the gross margin reduction with lower costs as a percentage of revenue for personnel, including lower incentive compensation and lower freight. With the swift cost actions taken in response to the lower volumes being largely completed, we are reiterating our expectation of 17% EBITDA margin for the full year. Looking at Slide 12. Europe reported a segment EBITDA margin of 10.6%, down 90 basis points from last year. Gross margin including restructuring costs declined by 130 basis points, driven largely by pricing challenges to offset input cost increases given the difficult economic conditions in Europe. As Justin noted, our smaller competitors were aggressive in lowering prices which limited our ability to push price to cover higher input costs. Overhead expenses were favorable by 30 basis points. Personnel costs as a percentage of revenue were lower year-over-year as the reduction in labor-related accruals previously recorded for the ongoing union negotiations in Germany were partially offset by wage inflation in most markets. We have not fully covered the ongoing overhead and cost of goods sold input cost increases and we have more work to do on pricing and productivity to boost the margin percentage. Many of these actions have been initiated and are in process but the benefits will be more notable in the back half of the year and heading into 2025. With the macroeconomic environment in Europe and timing of the cost action benefit, we expect EBITDA margin in Europe to be in the mid-to-high 9s [ph] for the full year 2024. However, on a long-term basis, we continue to believe in our ability to deliver double-digit EBITDA margins in Europe. Moving to Slide 13. Specialties EBITDA margin of 8.9% declined 60 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by a decrease in gross margin. Demand softness in the RV product lines and competitive pricing pressures remain challenges for the business. We have been implementing changes to improve our net pricing and saw sequential quarterly improvement in gross margin in the last 2 quarters. Overhead expenses were roughly flat but did include duplicative operating costs related to a distribution center consolidation project which are nonrecurring. We believe the full year segment EBITDA margin will be slightly lower than the 8% we saw last year as we worked through the lingering gross margin pressures. As you can see on Slide 14, self-service generated roughly 10% margin in Q2 compared to 4% last year. In dollar terms, segment EBITDA increased by $6 million despite a $7 million headwind from commodities. The efforts to manage vehicle costs helped mitigate the commodities impact, combined with overhead cost controls produced a year-over-year benefit. We have seen year-over-year improvement in segment EBITDA margins for the first half of 2024 and we were pleased to reach near double-digit margins this quarter. As noted last quarter, we implemented a global restructuring program focused on enhancing profitability. The largest portion of the activity comes from the 2024 divestitures in the Europe segment, as discussed by Justin. These divestitures represented approximately $140 million in combined annual revenue. In addition, we incorporated restructuring actions in North America to reduce headcount, exit underperforming locations and other related actions. In total, we recorded $43 million in charges in the quarter, including $29 million in asset impairments and $6 million in inventory write-downs. Further charges are expected in future periods for severance, lease termination costs and other related expenses. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced $133 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $320 million. In the second quarter, we deployed $125 million for share repurchases and paid a quarterly dividend totaling $80 million, returning value to our shareholders. Over the life of our share repurchase program, we have repurchased 59 million shares for $2.6 billion. And as of June 30, there was $921 million remaining on the authorization. As of June 30, we had total debt of $4.3 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.3x EBITDA. We remain committed to maintaining a manageable debt level and our investment-grade rating. Our effective borrowing rate was 6.1% for the quarter, an increase of 10 basis points relative to Q1 2024. We have $1.7 billion in variable rate debt, of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps at 4.6% and 4.2% over the next 1 to 2 years, respectively. I will conclude with our current thoughts on projected 2024 results. When we provided guidance on the Q1 call, we viewed the prior quarter's performance as largely temporary and expected a rebound in repairable claims in Q2. Given the sustained declines in overall volumes due to the lower repairable claims in North America and the volume decreases in Europe, given the difficult macroeconomic conditions, we are lowering our full year guidance. As mentioned previously, we view the volume declines as largely temporary but now expect the impact to continue into the second half of the year. While we have taken actions to mitigate these effects through cost controls and margin actions, those will not be enough to offset the full impact of lower revenue expectations. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metal prices hold near June prices and the Ukraine Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on the European economy and miles driven. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes rates roughly in line with the second quarter. The global tax rate remains unchanged at 26.8%. Our full year guidance metrics on Slide 5 have been updated from the Q1 earnings call. We expect reported organic parts and services revenue in the range of negative 125 basis points to positive 25 basis points. At the negative 0.5% midpoint, this is a decrease of 400 basis points from the prior guidance. The softness in Q2 organic revenue growth, along with the expectation that we will not see a swift recovery in repairable claims in North America, drove the decision to lower the full year range. We believe the factors Justin described led to the revenue softness in North America and will remain a temporary headwind. In Europe, while we anticipate some improvements in Germany following the successful conclusion of the union negotiations, the challenging macroeconomic backdrop leads us to believe that we will not see a quick rebound of volumes compared to their Q2 performance. As a result of the revenue headwinds, we expect adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.50 to $3.70, a decrease of $0.45 from the midpoint for the previous guidance. The primary drivers of the decrease in midpoint are explained on Slide 6 and include: $0.37 from lowering operating results, including the reduction in revenue expectations and persistent inflationary pressures outpacing market pricing, partially offset by cost savings, productivity and restructuring initiatives; $0.08 from non-EBITDA related items, including investment performance, depreciation, interest and taxes; and $0.03 from lower FX rates and commodity prices. These are partially offset by a $0.03 benefit from share repurchases. While we continue to see variability in revenue trends, the team is doing an excellent job in addressing controllable factors to align to the current market environment and adjust for the short-term economic headwinds. The free cash flow target of 50% to 60% annual EBITDA conversion remains in place but with the lower earnings expectations, we now expect free cash flow of approximately $850 million. Diligent balance sheet management should support achievement of the full year target while continuing to balance trade working capital needs heading into 2025. Thank you for your time. I will now turn the call back to Justin for his closing comments.
Justin Jude: Thanks, Rick, for the financial commentary. Before we move to your questions, as we've communicated on recent calls, we are hosting our Investor Day on September 10 at the headquarters in Nashville and also via webcast. I hope you can all join us to discuss how we are charging our future. Rick and I will cover the overall LKQ strategy and then we will focus on our 2 largest businesses: the wholesale North American and Europe segments. Our senior management from these segments will present business overviews and targets for growth and margin expansion. To close out, in the first half, we faced obstacles that have tested our resolve and resilience. Through it all, I have seen the unwavering dedication and hard work that define our LKQ culture. I am inspired by the LKQ team's commitment to excellence and perseverance in the face of adversity. We are well positioned to navigate the road ahead, seize new opportunities and accelerate our work to create value for our shareholders. I'll now ask the operator to open up the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We've now received the first question from Scott Stember from ROTH MKM.
Scott Stember: In North America, you talked about -- last quarter, you talked about weather and the emerging trend, I guess, of lower repairable claims because of the economy. It seems like that part of it has become a bigger piece. Just trying to get a sense of if you had to frame out how much of the weakness is due to weather and just more just underlying economic issues in the country. Just trying to get a sense of how cyclical this business is starting to become.
Justin Jude: Yes. So if you look at the weather piece, it was a large item in there. But if we looked at that economic factor, it was the majority of the headwinds that we face in repairable claims. As I mentioned on the call, we did a deep dive. We talked to a lot of our customers, insurance carriers. We also engaged that third party which was BCG, to do that deep dive in Q1 and part of Q2. And so whether it's the weather side, whether it's the economic factor, we see all those things as being temporary in nature. Hard to say when some of those economic factors start to reverse but by far, the majority of all of the issue of repairable claims we saw was just temporary in nature.
Scott Stember: All right. And the $60 million that you talked about in cost cuts, I assume that was for North America, that's year-to-date. Did you put out a goal for the full year? And how much of that is going to stick? I imagine some of it is just related to pay and stock comp and things like that. But just trying to get a sense of how much will stay?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So good question, Scott. You're correct. Most of that came through from North America. I think the North American business can make the impact much quicker. So as far as the target goes, one of the things that we look at is we look at the overall performance, we look at it on a daily basis. There's a lot of other metrics that we go to. So there wasn't a specific dollar threshold target. What it was is trying to get us back to the point that we talked about a few minutes ago within getting North America back up above 17 and really driving overall performance. That team, when there's tough economic conditions, I think everyone realized that the North American team is fantastic in operating in a cyclical environment, if you look back a couple of years ago. And so most of those actions were completed by quarter end and then we'll start seeing that come through, through the rest of the year. We also have similar actions over in Europe. Obviously, there's some different requirements, regulatory requirements that will delay us but we will start seeing some of those come in, in Q4 and then pretty much a full benefit as we go into 2025.
Scott Stember: And as far as how much will stick?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So as far as how much will stick, the full amount will stick. I mean these are permanent cost reductions that we're looking at. We're not sitting there trying to figure out this much is going to be a temporary basis and we're somewhat [indiscernible]. These are permanent cost actions and that's one of the things that Justin talked about is that, we need to make sure we're operationally excellent and looking at overall permanent reductions. And these items will stick.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Kennison from Baird.
Craig Kennison: Justin, regarding the SKU count reduction plan in Europe, how do you ensure that it doesn't impact your fulfilment rates?
Justin Jude: Yes. So our goal is kind of twofold. One, we want to simplify the business in our operations. We have a lot of SKUs that are duplication -- that are duplicated if you think of applications. So when a customer calls for a specific year making model, we have several brands of those. We have a large team within our Europe operations across all countries, working to analyze that, the whole SKU rationalization project. I mean as of today, we've really not non-stocked any part or removed any SKUs from the application or removed any SKUs from our DCs. It's very small. We're very cognizant that we want to make sure we have a better application coverage. So right now, there's definitely some holes where when a customer calls us for a part, we don't have it. So we want to improve the availability of the application level. When it comes down to brands, obviously, there are certain brands in certain countries across Europe that we need to have and we will have. And so we have, once again, a large team focused on this project to make sure we don't make the wrong decisions. The other thing that we're going to be pushing also towards, that the team is excited about is driving our private label throughout the rest of our Europe operations which as you guys can imagine, the private label brings the best gross margin for LKQ.
Craig Kennison: Is there a way to frame your private label penetration today and where it could be?
Justin Jude: We have some countries that are in the 30%, other countries that are in the single digits. We'll hear from Andy Hamilton at the Investor Day and we'll talk a little bit about some of our strategy to drive that even higher at our Investor Day once again in Nashville on September 10.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: A couple of quick questions. Number one, the free cash flow generation that we're expecting for this year. I would expect, given what you've said, Justin, about share repurchases, the priority is share repurchases and you're fairly happy with your debt levels at this point.
Rick Galloway: Yes, Gary, I can take that one. I'll speak for Justin. And yes, we are content with where our debt levels are right now. And we will have a primary folks and Justin kind of laid it out during his presentation, prepared remarks, that a priority is focusing on total shareholder return and there will be a large focus on share repurchases, particularly as we see the opportunities with our current stock price.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then a second quick question. You gave us a number for repairable claims being down. But do you have any numbers on what frequencies were in the quarter?
Justin Jude: We don't have an exact number on that, Gary. But I will tell you the actual frequency was not as bad as the repairable claims; for example, the weather brought down frequency and obviously brought down repairable claims. That economic situation -- there were accidents out there and as we reach out to customers, insurance carriers, we found these actions just weren't getting repaired. And so we don't have an exact number of that but I would say the majority -- maybe not, sorry, the majority was temporary, as I said earlier. A large chunk was what I would say, the frequency was there, they just weren't getting repaired.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan from Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the BCG study, I guess, the economic factor, are they projecting that this lost volume is forever lost or is this deferred? I guess, sort of what was the takeaway from the impact?
Justin Jude: They kind of thought that there's some pent-up demand in this piece but then there's also some volume of frequency that occurred that just probably won't ever get repaired. It's hard to -- it's hard to speculate on how much will actually come through eventually into the mix. But just with the rising insurance costs, the deductible cost, the repair cost climbing and then that the consumer's vehicle value dropping, it will be -- we'll have to see what happens with the economic if it changes the consumers' behavior. But we do think there is some pent-up demand but nothing that shows us it's going to start coming in relatively quickly.
Bret Jordan: And I guess you commented about price competition from smaller players in Europe. Are you seeing any price competition from smaller collision players in North America, like Empire, Cosmopolitan or any of that?
Justin Jude: Yes. And I would say that's nothing new. It probably slowed down a bit during the pandemic and the supply chain issue where we had a lot of inventory and a lot of our smaller folks did it. As they started getting their inventory back in, they kind of went back to their old ways of offering price more than service. And so that's not necessarily anything new for us. So yes, we still see it.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And I guess housekeeping, what was the total loss rate in the quarter?
Justin Jude: I kind of don't know if I have that number handy on it.
Rick Galloway: Bret, we can get back to you. I think it was roughly 21-ish but we can get back to you on that one.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Brinkman from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Josh Batra [ph] on for Ryan Brinkman. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you help us unpack -- could you help us unpack the $0.37 impact to operating results embedded within the bridge to the updated EPS guide? Mainly in terms of the contribution from weaker revenue growth outlook and mix shift-related margin headwinds as opposed to the benefits from ongoing cost initiatives. And I have a follow-up.
Rick Galloway: Yes, it's a good question. When we're looking at the overall $0.37, it's a significant amount of volume. North of $0.50 would be volume and then there's some other pricing impacts that would be in addition to that. And then we're looking at a pretty substantial productivity initiative in the back half which is what I was talking about a few minutes ago on the $60 million cost reductions that are working to offset that to bring us to the $0.37. But if you think about it, we're somewhere north of, call it, $0.60 with some negativity on volume and pricing and then clawing back a fair amount of that through productivity initiatives.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, that's very helpful. As a follow-up, just curious if the organic revenue growth metrics reflect an impact from the recent CDK outage at dealers, that may have perhaps led to a backlog at the collision repair shops in the U.S. as OE parts shipments were delayed. And separately, wondering if you could share with us any impact of LKQ observed from the Hurricane Beryl into July?
Justin Jude: Yes. I caught on the CDK comments. So I will tell you, I think there was roughly, what, 15,000 dealerships, not all those are automotive. There is some volume that we gained from that CDK when some of the OE dealerships could not necessarily service the parts. Obviously though, when we saw a headwind of repairable claims coming down 7.1%, it wasn't enough to -- the volume from CDK wasn't enough to offset that. A lot of the dealers that -- I mean, we still see those dealers today that have body shops and service centers. A lot of those are kind of have gone through the repair. They've either fixed the issue or they're off to CDK. So we had a little bit of a volume tick up there but nothing meaningful.
Unidentified Analyst: Any color on Hurricane Beryl?
Rick Galloway: We had some shutdowns within a couple of our facilities as far as the cost side goes. We haven't seen any type of volume changes. We're still kind of going through that as far as the hurricane goes but nothing material that we've seen at this point.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Butler from Stifel.
Brian Butler: Just starting out, I guess, when you look at the first quarter result, our first half results and kind of then pair that with the guidance revision that you gave, it feels like the repairable claim outlook is definitely still on a downward trajectory in the third quarter and maybe into fourth quarter. So what gives you the confidence that this is just temporary in nature? And maybe, is there any historical precedent that we can look at and give you some comfort, again, that this isn't a much longer-term secular trend?
Justin Jude: Yes. So I mean, if you look at our last year Q1, we had very tough comps, Q2 tough comps and in the guide, a little bit softer Q2, Q3 and Q4. If we look at our -- so our thought is over a prior year, we see that getting better throughout the back half of the year, meaning not as bad as what we saw in Q1 and Q2. If we look at just our run rate of revenue from month-to-month, from May to June and July, I mean, obviously, we had a week there with 4th of July that slowed down. If you look at our normalized daily run rate of revenue, we're seeing that kind of flat. And while we don't have how repairable claims are shaken out in July yet or any part of Q2, our volume is staying flat, if that makes sense. So we think we've kind of hit bottom. There may be some still negative on year-over-year trends because last year, it was a decent amount of repairable claims to -- I'm sorry, there's a decent amount of cars getting fixed because of -- if you think about it, used car pricing was climbing pretty aggressively last year. Now the opposite is happening where used car pricing is dropping. And do consumers want to spend that money out of their pocket to fix that vehicle when the used car value has dropped. So we're pretty confident in the new guidance on what we see on revenue for LKQ for the back half of the year.
Brian Butler: I guess so if you think about that guidance and the way the market should view that, I mean, it feels like that's got to be, as you said, kind of you're starting to flatten out almost the bottom. Is that almost a worst-case scenario? I mean, obviously, there's, I'm sure, scenarios where it can get worse. But is this kind of one of the low case scenarios where you put this guidance with the expectation of kind of resetting expectations going forward from there?
Justin Jude: Yes. We hope the volume is level. I don't know if it was worst case necessarily. Obviously, it's hard for us to predict what happens with the economy and used car pricing and some of these other dynamics that affect us. I've got to imagine at some point, we say it's temporary because at some point, used car pricing has to stabilize, normalize and then start to increase.
Rick Galloway: So Brian, part of the way that we look at this in the forecast is the economic factors that we looked at ourselves and then further validated with the study that we did started to indicate when the insurance companies have increased their pricing. And so you get essentially a onetime change within the behavior with significant increases in insurance premium costs moving from one deductible to another deductible. And that impact started sort of in late Q2, early Q3 of last year which we think will then lead through at least through the end of the year. And that's what we've put in, that year-over-year impact going through the end of the year. But then once you annualize that, the change from one deductible to another deductible, we don't expect that to continue. We expect moderating within the insurance premiums and the behavior from the consumer will be back to a more normalized behavior.
Brian Butler: Okay. And so again, not to [indiscernible] point. But I guess then the 2024 guidance is kind of the starting point to where you think growth comes, starts to return. There's not a big rebound somewhere in here in 2025?
Rick Galloway: No, we don't. Yes, that's correct. We don't think that there's some sort of big rebound. There's nothing that indicates to us that there will be a significant bump up one way or the other. But it will be the new starting point, if you will, in the back half of the year that will grow from there.
Operator: The next question is from John Healy from Northcoast Research.
John Healy: I know that it's been talked about a lot already but I just thought I maybe ask the question differently. Relating to the accident frequency dynamic, I mean what's does the BCG study kind of say about, if they said anything, just kind of accident frequency potentially over the long term? And did you guys kind of flesh out with the scenario where maybe the decline in claims is maybe some form of accident avoidance technology and vehicles starting to proliferate through the car part? Like did they address that? And if they did, how did they refuse that as maybe potentially a sign of what's starting to change here?
Justin Jude: Yes, I'll answer that. This is Justin. The second part of your question on the technology [indiscernible]; I kind of made it a comment in my script on ADAS. So ADAS is not a new phenomenon -- phenomenon for us, sorry. We've seen the -- as the car park really starting in 2016 getting introduced with more of these features for ADAS or accident avoidance systems, we would start to see that reduction in overall repairable claims. We think right now, it's around 1%, BCG confirm that. That's what we would call as more kind of constant. Now while that may be a reduction of accidents by 1%, we see the overall market still growing for the future because of more parts per estimate. The complexity of those parts are higher which means higher prices. Also, there's more business going in for calibration and services and we also see a continual opportunity to improve APU. But your question on the technology, it's been there. It's been in the car park for quite a while and we see that about as a 1% reduction, 1% year-over-year reduction in the repairable claims. When we talk about the future, the forecast, in nature, the majority by far was these temporary items, whether it was weather or whether it was these economic factors, they did not and we didn't necessarily speculate as to when do -- obviously, the weather is the weather and it happens and it could be year-to-year, it could be different. But they and LKQ is not going to speculate on when some of these economic factors are going to start to improve and help drive higher repairable claims.
Rick Galloway: And Justin, maybe I'll just add back on to one thing that Bret was asking a few minutes ago. The repairable claims, we did see the peak in Q1, 21.4%, start dropping, Bret, to 20.7% in Q2. So it's starting to make its way back down on total losses. I'm sorry, total losses.
Operator: We currently have no further questions. So I'd like to hand over to Justin Jude, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Justin Jude: Thanks, operator. First, I want to thank our team out in the field, both in North America and Europe and the other countries for which we operate. Just we all face challenges. We face headwinds in the overall market but very proud of the team and how they reacted, getting our business rightsized or how they're working still to rightsize that business. So very much appreciative of that team. And for everybody on the call and for all of our employees and investors, as we talked about some of these headwinds, it's not an LKQ problem, it's a market issue right now. We're making sure we have the cost put [ph] in place and we'll be ready to go when the volume starts to recover and we have quite a bit of initiative and we'll share some of those at our Investor Day on September 10, once again, in Nashville, about how we have opportunities to continue to grow market share and that will help us as the market continues to recover. So with that, thanks everybody for joining the call, we appreciate it. And with that, we'll end the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone. My name is, Angela, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. I'll be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Justin Jude, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody listening to our earnings call for the first quarter of 2024. I will provide a few introductory remarks. Justin will then provide some highlights to our Q1 segment activities. Rick will provide a review of the financial details of the quarter and our guidance for the year before I have a few closing remarks. I'm turning 66 in a few days and as reported in late November, I will be retiring as CEO of LKQ on June 30th. With that, this will be my 38th and final quarterly earnings call with all of you. It has been an absolute honor and privilege to serve LKQ and to interface with the investment community since joining the company in early 2015. I am incredibly proud of the organization, my team and all we've achieved over the years. We are very different company today than the one I joined almost 10 years ago, one that is focused on operational excellence, balanced capital allocation, improved returns on capital and the development of our most important asset, our people. The first quarter of 2024 proved to be a difficult environment for our business and our results came in below expectations. While we did a reasonable job of managing the items under our control, we experienced soft overall market conditions largely due to incredibly mild winter weather in North America, which reduced demand for collision parts and the continued soft demand for our specialty products. These market factors created pressure on revenue and overall operating leverage. We have already made adjustments to our cost structure in light of the current levels of demand. Related to Europe and our business in Germany, there has been no material progress with our union negotiations in Germany. To help insulate our customers in that market, we have increased our temporary workforce to largely mitigate the revenue impact with the risk of ongoing strikes, and we've opened a second, albeit a much smaller distribution facility in Bielefeld, Germany, which is outside of Bavaria and not impacted by the union activity. Overall, we remain optimistic about the remainder of the year. Now on to the quarterly results. Revenue for the first quarter of 2024 was $3.7 billion an increase of 10.6% compared to the $3.3 billion for the first quarter of 2023. For the first quarter of this year, parts and services organic revenue decreased 0.3% on a reported basis, but increased 0.5% on a per day basis. Foreign exchange rates increased revenue by 0.8% and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures increased revenue by 11.6% year-over-year for a total parts and services revenue increase of 12.1%. Other revenue for the first quarter of 2024 fell 14.6% primarily due to weaker precious metal prices relative to the same period in 2023. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2024 was $0.59 compared to $1.01 for the same period of 2023. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.82 for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $1.04 for the same period of 2023. Lastly, on April 22nd, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 a share of common stock payable on May 30, 2024 to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 16, 2024. And now let me turn the call over to Justin.
Justin Jude: Thank you, Nick, and welcome, everyone, to the call. As Nick mentioned, we are not pleased with the results delivered in the first quarter. However, I do think the team is focused and on the right track to confront some of the anomalies we faced, and I'll detail some of those action plans on this call. During our February call, Rick discussed our guidance for the year and indicated that we expected a softness in Q1 and our full year guidance was back end loaded. Rick's comment was correct as we did experience a soft Q1, but it was beyond what we and the overall markets in which we operate anticipated. That said, we are a continuous improvement company and we know how to drive improved operational and financial performance across our entire global footprint. While we got off to a slower than expected start for the year, our team has 3 more quarters to recover the shortfall, and we are confident we have actions in place to achieve the previously communicated EPS guidance. Rick will cover more of these in his prepared remarks. Now for a few high-level segment comments. In Wholesale North America, organic revenue decreased 3.3% due to a few key factors. First, we are coming off a strong comp of 14.4% growth in Q1 of last year. Second, there was an 8% decline in repairable claims. While this decline was largely driven by the extremely mild winter weather that Nick had mentioned, as the U.S. experienced the 5th warmest quarter on record, there were several other dynamics such as abnormal changes in auto insurance rates and used car pricing that we believe also had a negative impact. Finally, we experienced some challenges with aftermarket inventory entering the East Coast ports due to the ongoing Panama Canal disruption. We have yet to witness any disruption from the Baltimore tragedy, but we are closely monitoring this situation. Offsetting some of the aftermarket inventory delays, the salvage business posted positive growth in the quarter. As the North American team faced the soft demand, John Meyne and his team immediately shifted their focus to accelerating the integration of FinishMaster. This swift action resulted in the consolidation of 65 branches in Q1, bringing the total to 99, which represents two-thirds of the acquired locations. We initially communicated the rationalization of the FinishMaster locations that would take us 3 years to reach this synergy level, and I'm impressed the team was able to accomplish this within the first 8 months following the acquisition closing. Today, 100% of FinishMaster sales and operations have been fully integrated. And through this process, the team uncovered additional synergies allowing us to increase the previously disclosed estimate amount from $55 million to $65 million. This effort caused some short term strain on the team slightly impacting margins, but it was the right thing to do long-term. And we continue to make strides with our Bumper to Bumper business in Canada by leveraging the European procurement size and scale. I want to again emphasize that Uni-Select was a unique opportunity that will enable us to widen the mode around our North American business and capitalize on revenue synergies that exist with paint and hard parts. I am confident and committed to this transaction generating positive financial metrics for all stakeholders. In Europe, organic revenue increased 2.7% on a reported basis and 4.4% on a per day basis, the best across our operating segments. Rick will cover the EBITDA results in his remarks, but let me cover several actions taking place to drive improved performance. I have made 4 different trips to our European operations in the first quarter to meet with the broader leadership team and look for improvement opportunities. I am pleased to see how focused the team is to drive integration and improve performance, all with a goal of enhancing our margins. Andy Hamilton and his team have deployed new detailed tracking tools that are actively being reviewed. These tools include pricing actions, productivity initiatives, a restructuring plan focused on taking costs out of the business, portfolio divestments and implementing a new technology within our distribution centers to lower the total cost of delivery to our customers. In Germany, we expanded our distribution capacity by opening a second highly automated regional distribution center, which will reduce the strain on our primary distribution center in Bavaria where the strikes have been occurring. Specific to divestitures and after careful and thorough analysis of our European business model, market trends and the overall economic environment, we made the strategic decision to divest our operations in Slovenia to a long-term value partner of LKQ. That sale closed last week. Additionally, we entered into an agreement to divest our operations in Bosnia and we expect to complete that sale in Q3 subject to the receipt of regulatory approval. We will continue to assess our business and our European market mix to determine if we are the best operator and whether we should fix or exit certain underperforming markets. Given the small size of these divestitures, we are not disclosing the terms of these two transactions. One of the biggest projects we plan to update on a quarterly basis is our European SKU rationalization program. Today, little product commonality exists across the entire European platform which prevents us from maximizing the leverage of our pan European footprint. This project will reduce the total number of SKUs, reduce our complexity, simplify the offerings to our customers and drive several benefits which include improved fulfillment rates, improved gross margins, reduced inventory levels and a decrease of our cost to serve our customers. When Andy kicked this project off in early Q1, we had over 900,000 SKUs across our European operations with less than a 7% overlap. Based on the first phase of this project, we believe we can achieve a 35% reduction in overall SKUs over the next 2 to 3 years. We look forward to Andy providing a deeper dive into this program on our September 10th Investor Day this year. Now turning to specialty. Their organic revenue decreased 1.4% in the quarter, tracking closely to plan and showing improvements month to month within the quarter. Certain product categories witnessed positive year-over-year growth. Automotive products, which includes truck and off road parts and accessories, increased 2.5% despite pickup truck and Jeep sales being down 5.6% and 11.4% respectively. Also, marine posted growth in the quarter. RV-related products decreased 8.5%, the smallest revenue decrease when compared to the 2023 quarterly growth rates. Our specialty team has focused their efforts on targeting margin actions relating to price and cost controls, some of which we saw in the quarter with year-over-year improvements in SG&A. Turning to self-serve, they had an organic revenue decrease of 10.5% in the quarter, primarily driven by commodities and inclement weather in key markets, but margin performance exceeded our expectations. On the corporate development front, during the quarter we closed on 2 tuck-in acquisitions including a heavy duty truck parts supplier and an aftermarket parts distributor in Belgium. We also made an equity investment in a startup recycler of lithium ion EV batteries. Now, let me turn it over to Rick for a detailed overview of our financials.
Rick Galloway : Thank you, Justin, and welcome to everyone joining us today. We released our full year guidance in February. We expected Q1 earnings to be challenged by the impact of weather conditions in January, very low catalytic converter prices and year-over-year decrease in selling days due to the timing of Easter. The actual results reflect lower than forecasted revenue mostly due to a reduction in North America aftermarket product volumes, which were predominantly related to a significant decrease in the number of repairable claims. On a consolidated basis, gross margin fell short of target as pricing did not fully cover input cost increases. Overhead expense actions were taken and others are currently in process, but the benefits will be seen in the balance of the year rather than Q1. Despite the Q1 results, we remain committed to our full year earnings guidance. We have 9 months to make up the shortfall and the core strength of the business are still there. We are digging deep on the operational excellence principles that drove our growth and margin expansion over the last 5 years and are taking decisive actions. As Justin described, each of the segment teams have detailed action plans in place to deliver the full year numbers. Turning now to the first quarter consolidated results. Adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.82 were $0.22 lower than the prior year figure. Operating results were the largest individual factor with a $0.12 reduction, mostly related to North America. This figure includes the anticipated Uni-Select headwind as the integration efforts were ongoing. We expect the Uni-Select impact to flip to accretion going forward in 2024 as the synergies Justin mentioned are realized. Movements in commodity prices, primarily precious metals contributed a $0.06 year-over-year decrease. Other items including investment performance and taxes drove a 4% decrease. Now for segment results. Going to Slide 9. North America posted segment EBITDA margin of 16.3%, a 420 basis point decrease relative to last year. During the last call, we projected the full year margin would be around 17% for the full year impact of the Uni-Select dilution. The reported margin was below the full year expectation due to leverage impact from the lower revenue in Q1. Relative to the prior year, in addition to the communicated anticipated Uni-Select dilution effect on gross margin, salvage margins were down reflecting unfavorable revenue and vehicle cost trends compared to the prior year period and lower catalytic converter prices in Q1 2024. Overhead expenses partially offset the gross margin reduction with lower costs for freight, charitable contributions and incentive compensation. Q1 2023 also included a nonrecurring benefit from an eminent domain settlement that created a year-over-year negative variance. North America is executing action plans to recover the profitability miss in Q1 and we expect the full year EBITDA margin to be around 17%. Looking at Slide 10, Europe reported a segment EBITDA margin of 8.7%, down 100 basis points from last year. Gross margin excluding restructuring costs improved by 60 basis points, but was offset by higher overhead costs including personnel costs tied to wage inflation in markets such as Germany, the UK and the Benelux region. While we have grown gross margin, we have not covered the overhead cost increases and we have work to do on pricing and productivity to mitigate the cost inflation. We still expect to achieve double-digit margins in Europe for the full year. Moving to Slide 11. Specialty's EBITDA margin of 6.4% declined 150 basis points compared to the prior year driven by a 170 basis point decrease in gross margin. Competitive pricing pressure remains a challenge for the business and we are evaluating options and implementing changes to improve our net pricing. We believe the full year Specialty EBITDA margin will be flat to a slight increase as we work through the lingering gross margin pressures. As you can see on Slide 12, self-service generated an 11.7% EBITDA margin in Q1 2024 compared to 13.2% last year. In dollar terms, segment EBITDA decreased by $6 million. The impact from commodities represented a $16 million headwind. However, the efforts to manage vehicle costs helped mitigate a portion of the commodities impact and overhead cost controls produced a year-over-year benefit. We have not seen double-digit segment EBITDA margin in percentage or dollar terms since Q1 2023. So we are pleased to reach this level again this past quarter. We implemented a global restructuring program in the first quarter focused on enhancing profitability. The largest portion of the activity will come from the European segment. And as Justin mentioned, will include exiting certain businesses or markets which do not align to our strategic objectives. Initially, this includes exiting businesses in Slovenia and Bosnia, which are relatively small with under $40 million in combined annual revenue and evaluations of other markets are ongoing. We recorded $27 million in charges in the quarter including $17 million in asset impairments and $8 million in inventory write downs. Other charges are expected in future periods for severance, lease termination costs and other shutdown related expenses. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced $187 million of free cash flow during the quarter and we remain on track for a full year estimate of approximately $1 billion. As of March 31, we had a total debt of $4.3 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.3x EBITDA and we remain committed to reducing our total leverage ratio below 2.0x. In March, we successfully completed a EUR750 million bond offering with a 7-year maturity and a fixed 4.125% interest rate. The offering was completed to pay off the existing EUR500 million bonds that were scheduled to mature on April 1, 2024. We upsized the offering by EUR250 million in response to very strong demand from fixed income investors reflecting LKQ's strong credit profile and solid cash flows. The additional proceeds were utilized to pay down a portion of our euro revolver debt. The larger offering allows us to lock in capital at an attractive rate for an extended period and diversify our maturity profile. The bonds are publicly tradable and listed on NASDAQ. We do not have significant debt maturity until January 2026. Our effective borrowing rate was 6.0% for the quarter, an increase of 20 basis points relative to Q4 2023. We have $1.7 billion in variable rate debt of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps at 4.6% and 4.2% over the next 1 to 2 years respectively. In the first quarter, we repurchased roughly $6 million shares for $30 million and paid a quarterly dividend totaling $81 million further validating that as we reduce our debt levels, we are migrating to a more balanced capital allocation strategy. I will conclude with our current thoughts on projected 2024 results. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metal prices hold near March prices and the Ukraine/Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on the European economy and miles driven. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes rates in line with the first quarter. The global tax rate remains unchanged at 26.8%. Our full year guidance metrics on Slide 4 remain mostly unchanged from the Q4 earnings call. We expect reported organic parts and service revenue in the range of 2.5% to 4.5% which is a 100 basis point decrease in the range. The softness in Q1 organic growth drove the decision to lower the full year range. We believe that mild winter weather conditions were a major contributing factor to the revenue softness and will have some carryover effects into Q2, but otherwise will be a temporary headwind relative to repairable claims. However, if repairable claims in North America do not rebound to a more normalized level, we would expect to be closer to the low-end of the full year range. We are closely monitoring monthly claims data and the team is ready to take decisive cost actions if claims remain depressed. We still expect adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4.20 with the revenue volatility there is heightened risk to the profitability estimate. But we are confident in the action plans being implemented in all segments to address controllable factors such as our cost structure to keep us inside the previously issued range. The free cash flow expectation of $1 billion, 50% to 60% annual EBITDA conversion remain in place. Improved profitability over the balance of the year and diligent balance sheet management should support achievement of the full year target. Thanks for your time this morning. But before I turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments, on behalf of our LKQ team globally, I'd like to thank Nick for his leadership, vision and integrity during his tenure as our CEO. Nick, you left a tremendous mark on LKQ and have positioned us well for the next chapter of our evolution. We wish you and the growing Zarcone family all the best.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Rick, for those very kind comments. When I took the seat as CEO in 2017, I believed it was my responsibility to be the primary advocate for our greatest asset, our people, and to place them at the center of LKQ's mission. I am incredibly thankful to all my past and current colleagues who served each other in pursuit of being an employee focused organization. Collectively, we made great progress over the years, which carry forward in the first quarter, when we were awarded Mental Health America's Bell Seal for workplace mental health at the gold level. And we were again selected as a 5-star employer by Workbuzz for our U.S., Indian, Mexican and Canadian businesses. It is with tremendous pride and humility that I depart knowing that the entrepreneurial culture that was established in 1998 when the company was founded lives on today and that every day our 49,000 global employees never lose sight of the passion needed to serve our customers and our communities. They are committed to not only grow the company, but themselves as individuals. The gratitude I have from my fellow employees is immeasurable and I cannot thank them enough for creating an incredible journey for me. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have the first question from Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Nick, all the best to you. It's been a pleasure working with you. My questions go to the comments around insurance prices. I'm just curious if you could walk through how higher and really significantly higher insurance prices impact your business overall?
Justin Jude: Yes. And just talking to, this is Justin Craig by the way. And talking to different folks in the industry, when we saw the insurance increasing 20% to 22% year-over-year, we saw deductibles increasing and so in some cases it caused folks not to necessarily repair their car. We still think the majority of our issue that we saw in Q1 from repairable claims was weather, but there's a lot of other commentary that we heard from other folks such as used car pricing, which saw huge decreases and huge increases in insurance rates. So we still think the primary driver for the repairable claims being down is weather. But when anything when we see huge swings like that with used car pricing or once again insurance rates, it has some effect on us.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Could you maybe just unpack a little bit more on this decline in the gross margin in North America? I know Rick went through a couple of things there, couldn't write them down quickly enough, but some of this was Uni-Select, but what were some of the other factors there that impacted that margin to so much to go down close to 500 basis points or over 500 basis points?
Rick Galloway: Yes, Gary, fair question. So when we talked about it in the closing of Q4 for the guidance for this year, we said we'd be around 17% for the year with the dilution on Uni-Select. The product offering that we have for the various products that we sell for Uni-Select, the paint products and the hard part side of the business makes a different margin profile including the base business that we had before makes a similar margin as far as that paint side of the business goes. So with the increase in revenues that's one component. We thought we'd be down around 17% for the year. We still think we'll be at around 17% for the year. The major contributing factor for being below 17% for Q1 is primarily related to leverage. With the volume decline that we saw, significant volume on the repairable claims, we said about 8% on repairable claims and our overall volume is down a little over 3%. That's mostly a leverage component. And as we said, the team has really put some strong efforts in to work on the integration consolidation of various Uni-Select integrations, 65 different facilities that we consolidated. So some of that extra cost, little duplicate cost that will go away as we go into the rest of the year. And that's where we have that confidence of bouncing back and getting back to that 17% number that we've been talking about.
Gary Prestopino: Yes. But I was asking about the gross margin, Rick. Is that I understand you were talking about the same margin. So No, I just the gross margin had a pretty big decline. So I just want to unpack that a little bit more.
Rick Galloway: Yes, most of that is mix. The other component that we have that we've been talking about for about 12 months, maybe 18 months is the salvage margin. So, what we talked about was there would be this squeeze in the salvage margin. So, as we thought about where we were at last year, which is about 20.5% of EBITDA, most of that gross margin piece that we see on the decline is that salvage margin squeeze. And so, what we don't do is we don't talk about it being revenue versus the cost side because everything is so unique in that industry. So we've been seeing that squeeze. It started happening in Q3 of last year and it continued in Q4 and then again in Q1 as expected. Those items are as expected what we've been kind of communicating externally to everyone.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Stember with Roth MKM.
Scott Stember: Nick, I echo what was said before. It was great working with you and wish you nothing but the best of luck.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Stember: Can we talk about Europe for a second? How did the individual regions perform? Just trying to get a sense if there was any regional weakness or if anything stood out on the positive side.
Rick Galloway: So let me just go high level and then I'll turn it over to you, Justin. I know you've been spending a lot of time out there. So, Scott, appreciate the question. If you think year-over-year, the biggest impact that we had on overall EBITDA margins is really the inflationary impact of wages. So that happened throughout the year, but primarily starting in Q2. So it'll sort of calendarize as we start getting into Q2. There's roughly 200 basis points down that you have on overall wage inflationary increase. What the team has been able to do was improve on pricing and productivity initiatives to call back roughly half of that. And so, we're on a trajectory that we're pretty pleased with. Of course, we'd always like to have a little bit more, but the overall margins that we had, the 8.7% in Q1, reflects that really low year-over-year impact on the wage increases. And Justin, I don't know if you want to talk a little bit more about the various different regions.
Justin Jude: Yes. And Scott, like some of the markets such as the Benelux area or even in Germany, we're seeing mid teen increases in labor rates and it's a market issue. That happens immediately. The team has been actively working on pushing price out, but we're very also conscious to make sure we don't impact the market and start to lose market share. And so we'll continue to push pricing through Q2 to cover that up. We do typically pass it on. We are a humble distributor as you may have heard Nick say before, but we just saw immediate increases in labor rates and it's just taken us some time to pass those prices through to cover that.
Nick Zarcone: And on the revenue side, Scott, all of our regions showed good organic growth, positive organic growth in the quarter, which is terrific. Particular bright spots included actually Central and Eastern Europe, where we saw some good growth. Our private label product saw excellent growth during the quarter. And all the other regions were in and around that 4% on a same day basis plus or minus a little bit. So again, it was good consistent performance across the platform.
Scott Stember: Yes. And just one final follow-up. I know you guys are not going to be breaking out, Uni-Select going forward within wholesale. But just trying to get a sense of how the mechanical repair side of the business trend, just trying to get a sense of the market, how things hold them up and at least internally are sales growing?
Nick Zarcone: You're talking about the bumper to bumper business that we have up in Canada, Scott?
Scott Stember: Yes. Yes, correct.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So the progress on bumper to bumper has been very positive. There's been a few tuck-in acquisitions that we've worked on taken from 3 steps to 2 steps. We're very pleased with what the team has done on the integration side of that business as well. And we're starting to see some of the opportunity that we're actually working together, right, between the hard part side of the business and how we can work a little bit better together. We've talked about it before that that business is Canada is really the only place that we do everything that LKQ has the power of doing and we're starting to see that power of LKQ up in Canada. So, it's been good progress. Justin, I don't know if you want to expound a little bit on bumper to bumper as well?
Justin Jude: Yes. No, I mean obviously we've done some tuck in acquisitions. We've gotten those integrated pretty well. The team is doing well on getting into the LKQ family. I would say overall in North America, the mechanical is up. So we're only in aftermarket hard parts in Canada with bumper to bumper, but if you look at the major mechanical that we had through our used and our remanufactured in the U.S. and in Canada. We saw an increase in VMT and VMT typically relates to more maintenance and repairs on the mechanical side. So we saw an increase in our engines, transmissions both on the used and the reman side. So overall, the business on the major mechanical and overall mechanical is doing well in North America.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have the next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the North American business, I guess to take a little deeper dive, I think you call out weather, but I guess historically, I think 2017 was a warmer winter and I don't recall as much impact. So could you maybe bucket the negative from the Panama Canal issue, maybe the positive from State Farm having gotten into the space year-over-year? And then if you could give us any color on alternative parts penetration, is there any negative shift there?
Justin Jude: Yes. Once again, overall, I mean, from the stats that we can see externally, we think it's mostly contributed to weather. I'm not sure I don't have the facts in front of me from 2017. Other things that we hear that caused some of the repairable claims being down, I mentioned such as skyrocketing insurance rates, plunges in used car pricing. We did see an uptick in ATU driven by length, I think a lot primarily by State Farm. Anytime when the carriers are looking to save money, they're going after recycled parts or aftermarket parts. And so on a year-over-year basis, Q1-to-Q1, we did see an uptick of roughly 200, I can't remember the exact number, but 260 bps improvement in APU. So market share gained on the APU side.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then your comment about a 2017 around 17% full year for North America. Is that run rate of 2017 or getting the full year to 2017 and sort of catching up from the miss in Q1 and being above that at some point in the year?
Rick Galloway: Yes, Brett. We expect to be 17% for the year, not a run rate. So we'll catch up that we believe we'll catch that up and be around that 17% that we talked about 60 days ago or so.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, good morning. This is [indiscernible] on for Ryan Brinkman. Thanks for taking our question and best wishes for your retirement, Nick. Could you just give us a sense of the underlying drivers of the 2024 organic parts and services revenue growth guide in terms of contribution from volume versus pricing? And any color on how these assumptions have changed versus the prior guide earlier this year? Thanks and I have a follow-up.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So I'll take a stab at that. So overall, we did lower the organic guidance due to the revenue miss that we had in Q1 related to the repairable claims. We're pleased with where the growth was in our European operations. On an organic per day basis, we're over 4% on growth. So, we're very pleased with where we're at on that. Most of the growth that we have between the 2.5% to 4.5% is the new kind of line that we put in the sand from this guide. We expect most of that to be a volume piece. There'll be minimal pricing impact, but there'll be some pricing impact, but it'll probably be overweighted on the volume piece.
Unidentified Analyst : Understood. That's very helpful. And just as a follow-up to Bret's question, just wanted to get a sense of how you are thinking about the impact from unfavorable cop up dynamics over the next couple of years as fewer vehicles fall in the 40 year old 4- to 6-year old sweet spot as we anniversary the pandemic and ship started in new vehicle sales form?
Justin Jude: You said unfavorable I didn't catch the word after unfavorable mid midway through your question.
Unidentified Analyst : Just on the car parc dynamics, like, you know, we have fewer 4- to 6-year old vehicles in that sweet spot for LKQ. So just wondering how we should think about the impact from a volume perspective there?
Justin Jude: I mean, right now, we're seeing the car part growing in North America. We're seeing that it growing in an aging, all leading to great improvements and the need for alternative parts utilization whether that's mechanical or collision, whether that's used or remanufactured. So we see great trends in the car park for North America.
Nick Zarcone: And just to be clear, our sweet spot on the closing side, we've always indicated is kind of 3 to 10 years. After 10 years, people tend not to get their cars repaired just because the overall value of the car and sometimes people lop off their collision coverage. But the parc inside that 3- to 10-year age bracket is still very strong. What we are seeing is on total losses that is shifting towards very old cars, cars north of 10 years old, which generally would end up in the collision base anyways. So we think the dynamics of the car park are trending just fine for our collision base business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Just a follow-up on that last topic. I guess, as your internal math as the class of '21, class of 2020, the pandemic, new vehicle sales impact starts to swing into that 3- to 10-year old sweet spot. And have you done the math here over the next couple organic growth?
Rick Galloway: No, we don't see that part as a headwind for organic growth. I mean the complexity of the vehicles, the value of the parts and the number of parts work to offset some of that, Bret. So we don't see that as a negative trend for us at all going further out.
Justin Jude: And Brett, I would say being in the industry for 25 years, 10 years ago insurance carriers would not typically ride aftermarket or alternative parts in the first 0 to 3 years. That has changed quite a bit in the last 10 years where we can get a product pulled up in aftermarket world relatively quickly, 6 to 9 months, and we see nearly all carriers riding current model year for aftermarket or recycled to try to drive that APU. So we don't see that as an impact to us.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And I guess since I got back in line, I get my 2 questions. On European SKU rationalization, I think you're talking about taking 35% or reducing your overlap by 35%. What's what do you see that impact being to margin in that? I guess, more products from fewer suppliers. How do you see maybe the bucket, how many basis points you think you can get out of that initiative?
Justin Jude: Yes. We haven't quantified the overall margin improvement. We know it's there. We haven't publicized it, I should say. In that, I would say when that 35% reduction, that's in lieu of us actually adding more private label. So we're going to be adding more SKUs to the mix to get more private label as Nick talked about. That is growing. We're expanding that in other countries and we still plan on reducing the net number of SKUs and with private label that typically comes at the higher margins. But the other comment you made it would be less suppliers which would create some operational efficiencies from an SG&A standpoint in the warehouses and the distribution centers as well as some margin lift with fewer suppliers.
Rick Galloway: And Bret, I mean this is kind of the catalyst, one of the bigger projects that we've got over in Europe. This is one of the things that will help us significantly when we think about logistics without borders. So as far as the opportunity here, we think the opportunity one of the reasons we're highlighting it is we think the opportunity going forward over the next couple of years, this is a really major contributing factor for us that we'll talk about a little bit more in September 10th when we do our Investor Day. Andy will kind of lay it out in a little bit more detail on there.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, everyone, it appears that we have no further questions. So I will hand back over to the management team for closing.
Justin Jude : Yes. Operator, this is Justin. Just before Nick closes us out, I want to give, I guess, the investors and really all of our employees that I feel super excited about the future of LKQ. I mean, if you look at the segments for which we operate in such as North America, as I mentioned earlier, the car parc is growing, it's aging, all great things that lead to alternative parts utilization, whether that's in the collision world or in a mechanical world. We've seen inflationary cost pressure on the insurance carriers. Carriers are all trying to drive more alternative parts utilization to combat some of the losses. We see the number of parts per estimate increasing and will continue to increase. We see part pricing increasing and continue to increase. The complexity of vehicles really leads to our services business, which allows us to do things like technical repairs or calibration. We're also very excited about the Uni-Select acquisition that's going to bring us tremendous synergies. And if you jump over to Europe, it's a core segment for LKQ. We have a great management team over there, we're the market leader today with the best margins, that market is still highly fragmented which leads to an opportunity for further consolidation. The team has a clear roadmap on accelerating margin enhancement with extending the, and accelerating the integration a lot of what Rick talked about with the SKU rationalization will lead towards that. And then we're getting the Bumper to Bumper benefits on the procurement side because of scale and size that we have with our European procurement teams. And then you know then jumping down to specialty, I mean we've got the strongest leading position in that space, we're the number one leader in the distribution of RV and SEMA-related products. We've got a great management team that can manage really through all cycles and we've seen that. And so and I think looking at specialty for the month for the quarter even though we were still negative, we saw month to month as I mentioned improvements and March was actually the first month where we saw an increase year over year in demand and an increase year over year in sales. And so just in closing, I just want to reiterate that we have the market leading positions in nearly everything we do. We have long-term great trends that operate in our favor, so truly excited about the future. And with that, Nick, I'll turn it back over to you.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Justin, and thank you to everybody on the call for spending time with us here this morning to review our first quarter results. We will be back together, at least Justin, Rick and Joe will be back together with all of you on July 25th to discuss our second quarter results. And again, I'd like everyone to put Tuesday, September 10th on your calendars for the Investor Day that will be held down in Nashville. So thank you for your time, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, Nick. This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to today's LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jordan and I will be coordinating your call today. [Operator Instructions]. I’m now going to hand over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations, LKQ Corporation. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Justin Jude, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the coming days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. As many of you know, in late November, we announced my intention to retire as CEO effective June 30, 2024, and that the Board unanimously selected Justin as my successor following an intensive planning process that had been initiated well over a year ago. In the interim, Justin is serving as our Global Chief Operating Officer and I look forward to working with him and our segment teams to ensure the continuation of our operational excellence program that we started late in 2018. Nowhere has this program been more evident than in our Wholesale North America segment, which under Justin's direction has significantly expanded margins, improved cash flow, all while enhancing our leading market position. Time and again, Justin has proven himself as both a strong operating executive and an effective leader who definitively embodies LKQ's values. It is a pleasure having Justin on the call today in his well-deserved new role. I'm going to start by providing some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter and the full year 2023, followed by Rick who will dive into the financial details and discuss our 2024 guidance. And then, Justin, will provide some initial thoughts and commentary on our businesses, the path forward, and an update on our Uni-Select integration. Let me start with what LKQ accomplished in the last year, a year where operational excellence remained at the forefront of our efforts as we look to drive organic revenue growth, productivity, and excellent free cash flow. I am proud to say that the LKQ team delivered. Here are some of the 2023 accomplishments worth noting. LKQ delivered strong full year organic revenue growth for parts and services of 4.7% on a reported basis and 5.1% on a per day basis. In February, we announced the highly synergistic Uni-Select acquisition and closed the transaction on August 1. We used our free cash flow to begin paying down debt as we strive to reduce our total leverage ratio to 2.0x. We're well on our way with net debt pay downs of over $375 million since the transaction closing, and the total leverage ratio at year-end was just 2.3x. We returned about $300 million of cash to our shareholders through dividends and increased a quarterly amount by 9% in October. We also continued our share repurchase program with a $38 million outlay during the year of which $30 million was completed in fourth quarter. And finally, we sustained a positive momentum in terms of cash flow generation, with free cash flow of approximately $1 billion in 2023. This represents the fourth consecutive year at or above $1 billion, and the 2023 results reflect a solid conversion ratio of 59% of adjusted EBITDA. Now on to the quarterly results. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $3.5 billion, an increase of 16.6% as compared to $3 billion for the fourth quarter of 2022. Parts and services organic revenue increased 2.8% on a reported basis and 3.4% on a per day basis. Foreign exchange rates increased revenue by 2.7% and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures increased revenue by 13.1% year-over-year, for a total parts and services revenue increase of 18.7%. Other revenue fell 16.4%, primarily due to weaker precious metal prices relative to the same period in 2022. Let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. Organic revenue for parts and services for our North America segment increased 5.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims were down 7.9% year-over-year. We believe the significant outperformance is due to several factors, including an industry-wide increase in alternative part usage, or APU, which was in part driven by the continued progress of the State Farm rollout, the remaining positive impact of the UAW strikes, and lastly, LKQ continuing to take market share. The upward trend in our aftermarket volumes and the ongoing improvement in our order fill rates continued with fill rates reaching close to 95% in the fourth quarter, the highest level in 2023. As the supply chain recovered and fill rates increased, APU trended in our favor, particularly when looking at vehicles in our sweet spot. While total APU was about 36% in 2023, when looking at vehicles four to six old, it was approximately 40% and for vehicles more than seven years old, it was 51.6%. Both results represent meaningful increases over the 2022 levels. The aging car park will increase demand for the types of parts we sell into the collision repair industry. The salvage business had solid organic growth largely driven by volume. Total loss rates increased a bit in 2023 to 20.8%, but as you can see, it had no impact on our organic growth. Importantly, the increase in total loss rates is largely being driven by vehicles 10 years and older, which is a population of vehicles at the very tail end of our sweet spot. For perspective, today, the average model year of a vehicle being repaired in a collision bay is a 2017 model, with the total loss rate for that cohort of vehicles being just 18.4% in 2023. That further supports our thesis that total loss rates will not materially impact our growth. Industry experts believe the total loss rate will edge down a bit in 2024. As we have always stated, fluctuations in total loss rates are largely net neutral events for LKQ. During the quarter, we realized a slight revenue uplift from the UAW strikes, which has now leveled off and no further benefit is expected. Moving to our European segment. Europe organic revenue for parts and services in the quarter increased 3.9% on a reported basis and 5.1% on a per day basis. All the regions produced solid organic growth in the quarter with a particularly strong performance in the Benelux and Eastern European markets, as well as with our private label and salvage product lines. During the fourth quarter, our operations in Germany were again impacted by employee strikes at our large distribution center in Bavaria, while the ongoing discussions and negotiations between the works council and employers association continued. Throughout this process, our European team has worked diligently to mitigate the day-to-day impact of the strikes and their efforts have begun to offset some of the challenges that have impacted our German operations. Although the strikes continue, we have been able to temporarily add some short-term capacity to operate our business and service our customers. Additionally, to foster a resolution, we recently initiated an incremental and unique approach and proposed terms of an LKQ-only offer to the works council. We have also commuted those terms to our employees and are cautiously optimistic that we are making positive progress towards a resolution. Rick will provide you with the financial impact shortly. Now, let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the fourth quarter, Specialty reported a decrease in organic revenue of 7%, which was under our expectations. Specialty again confronted headwinds specific to RV and towing products. Within the RV space, RV wholesale shipments of new units from the OEs to the dealers ended 2023 on a positive note with an increase of 8.1% in December. This was the second consecutive month of year-over-year growth. Full year shipments, however, were down 36.5%. The general sense in the industry is that the RV headwinds have bottomed out, but we are not yet out of the woods as the dealers are still reluctant to fully restock accessories until they see the demand for new units increase. Truck accessories were also under some pressure in the quarter due to the drop in new vehicle production specific to the pickup and jeep categories, while marine and off-road product lines generated positive growth. Now to our Self Service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self Service segment decreased 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Self Service was again challenged by soft commodity pricing as seen in the other revenue decline, which impacted our expectations. The soft precious metal prices have continued into 2024 and in the short-term, we expect little relief from commodities as we have modeled accordingly. Briefly on the Red Sea crisis, as far as we can predict, there will be minimal impact on parts availability in our key segments. In Europe, our procurement team is seeing some disruption with the shipping lines having to divert their vessels via the Cape of Good Hope around South Africa increasing lead times and freight costs. The freight cost is expected to soften once the Chinese New Year four weeks from mid-January ends. As one would expect, if the crisis persists, then we will potentially witness an increase in freight cost. Our supply chain team is taking precautionary measures by adding additional orders to address the extra lead times, especially with our private label product. Lastly, on October 25 of 2023, as I mentioned on the last earnings call, we completed the divestment of GSF Car Parts formerly owned by Uni-Select. Since the GSF Car Parts business was held separately and never integrated into our business, we classified the business as discontinued operations upon acquisition. Before I turn over to Rick, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our outlook for 2024, I am pleased to announce that on February 20, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share of common stock that will be payable on March 28, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 14, 2024.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick, and welcome to everyone joining us today. Before I address the fourth quarter, I would like to reflect on what LKQ accomplished throughout 2023. We were optimistic about our prospects going into 2023 despite macroeconomic challenges, inflation, and declining commodity prices. With our operational excellence focus and strong balance sheet, we concentrated on the things we could control and in those areas we were very pleased with our performance. We encountered headwinds that set back the overall profitability, but we believe many of these are transitory and will be minimal in 2024. The non-discretionary nature of the majority of our business and the resiliency of our industry allows us to perform well in almost any market environment. Referring to the walk on Slide 4, I want to highlight the key year-over-year variances in our full year results. We reported diluted earnings per share of $3.51 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.83, the latter of which was $0.02 decrease relative to 2022. Our operational performance was a strong positive, delivering $0.27 year-over-year improvement with exceptional growth in North America partially offset by softness in precious metal prices and difficult market conditions impacting our Specialty and Self Service segments. Europe also contributed to the improvement with solid revenue growth and productivity benefits helping to offset the effects of the German strikes and the value-added tax matter in Italy. We benefited by $0.10 due to the lower share count resulting from our share repurchases in 2022. We experienced year-over-year headwinds from market conditions, the most notable of which were $0.19 from the impact of metal prices as shown on Slide 28, and $0.13 in higher interest expense resulting from rate increases excluding Uni-Select costs. Acquisition and divestiture activities had a negative effect including $0.04 of dilution from the Uni-Select acquisition, important to note, this result was $0.01 better than we anticipated in our Q4 guidance and $0.02 of reduced earnings related to the PGW divestiture in April 2022. Foreign exchange rates were favorable on average in 2023, which contributed to $0.02 benefit. The tax provision represented a $0.06 benefit driven mostly by favorable impacts from discrete items. We have also included a fourth quarter EPS walk on Slide 5. The main variances are similar to the full year drivers but with income taxes representing the largest variance from 2022. The 2023 provision included favorable discrete items and a slight full year effective rate reduction, while 2022 reflected a negative provision effect from increasing our full year effective rate and unfavorable discrete items. To expand on the operating performance for the quarter, I will provide additional detail on the segment results. Going to Slide 12, Wholesale North America continued its strong performance with a segment EBITDA margin of 16.3%. Q4 was the first full quarter with Uni-Select and as communicated, the transaction was dilutive to the segment margin by 220 basis points. Without Uni-Select, North American margins would have been comparable to Q4 2022 and would have delivered a record full year EBITDA margin of 19.7%. Q4 2023 benefited from some incremental sales in October, November attributed to effects of the UAW strike and we don't expect further upside in 2024. The Uni-Select integration is progressing ahead of schedule and with FinishMaster and LKQ locations merging; it's becoming increasingly difficult to determine a standalone Uni-Select impact. Therefore, we will not provide specific Uni-Select impacts on the North American results going forward, but will instead report just on synergy achievement. We expect the 2024 North American full year EBITDA margin, including Uni-Select to be around 17%. As shown on Slide 13, Europe reported segment EBITDA margin of 8.3% down 170 basis points from the prior year period. There were several unusual items which had a negative effect of 110 basis points on the results. First, the strikes at our primary distribution center in Germany continued in Q4 and we estimated the lost revenue and negative effect on the segment EBITDA margin of 50 basis points. Second, we booked a non-recurring compensation charge for $6 million, which impacted the margin by 40 basis points. Finally, we recorded a reserve for a value-added tax matter which lowered the margin by 20 basis points. The remaining margin variance is attributable to inflationary cost effects in SG&A expenses, primarily in personnel costs. Looking ahead to 2024, we project a return to a double-digit margin as we work past the strikes and the transitory effects that dropped the segment below a 10% margin in 2023. Moving to Slide 14, Specialty's EBITDA margin of 5.7% decreased 50 basis points compared to the prior year. Gross margin, which was down 290 basis points year-over-year is under pressure from increased price competition as inventory availability continues to improve for our competitors, in addition to unfavorable product mix, as the lower margin lines such as auto and marine have been less affected by revenue reductions than the RV market. I'm pleased to report our SG&A expenses were favorable by 210 basis points, mostly related to personnel and primarily coming from management restructuring efforts in the last 12 months to align the cost structure with revenue trends and lower benefits and insurance costs. 2023 was a tough year for Specialty, but by focusing on controllable costs, the team was able to mitigate some of the negative leverage effect on margin caused by the revenue decline. Going into 2024, the segment still faces challenging conditions and we expect low-single-digit organic revenue growth. However, we are optimistic about our ability to improve EBITDA margins by 10 basis points to 30 basis points through productivity. As you can see on Slide 15, Self Service profitability improved sequentially to EBITDA margins of 6.0% this quarter from a loss of 0.6% in the third quarter, an increase relative to the 5.2% reported in Q4 2022. Metals prices had a net negative effect on results of $6 million with lower precious metal prices representing a $13 million reduction in EBITDA and lag effects from sequential scrapped steel price changes driving a $7 million improvement. Other revenue decreased by 25% in total, contributing to a reduction in operating leverage of 620 basis points. As part of the actions taken earlier, in 2023, our average car cost decreased by 6% and 18% in Q4 relative to Q3 and Q2, respectively, which provided some margin relief and contributed to the year-over-year improvement. We are pleased with the return on to profitability in the fourth quarter and expect to improve our 2024 segment EBITDA in dollar terms compared to 2023. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced $87 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.0 billion. As expected, free cash flow was relatively light in the quarter as we had $96 million of interest payments, including the first payment on the U.S. bond issued in May and $125 million of capital expenditures. At $358 million of CapEx for the year, we exceeded our prior guidance by $58 million as we took advantage of our strong cash flow and liquidity position to make strategic purchases, some of which were pulled forward from our 2024 plan. For the year, the cash conversion ratio is 59% conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow, in line with our targeted range of 55% to 60%. With the future headwinds related to interest expense and capital spending requirements, we are widening our cash conversion target range to 50% to 60%. While we have opportunities to drive trade working capital lower, such as with the supply chain finance program, these opportunities are not as abundant as they were years ago when we began our operational excellence journey. The team has done terrific work to lower working capital levels over the last five years and the effects we're seeing in the strong free cash flow figures. We believe we can continue to generate free cash flow in the range of $1 billion on a recurring basis by converting earnings growth into cash flow, being efficient in our deployment of trade working capital and expanding our supply chain finance program. As of December 31, we had total debt of $4.3 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.3x EBITDA. We paid down over $375 million in debt between the acquisition of Uni-Select at the beginning of August and year-end, a portion of which came from the sale proceeds related to the GSF business we divested in October. We remain committed to reducing our total leverage ratio to 2.0x within 18 months of the Uni-Select acquisition or more specifically during Q1 2025. Our current maturities include the €500 million senior notes due on April 1. We are working on refinancing options and expect to have a refinancing in place in the near-term. Our effective borrowing rate was 5.8% for the quarter as market rates remained relatively high in the U.S. and Europe. We have $1.2 billion in unhedged variable rate debt, so 100 basis point rise in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by $12 million. I will conclude with our thoughts on projected 2024 results as shown on Slides 6 and 7. Our guidance is based on current market condition, recent trends, and assumes scrap and precious metal prices hold near December prices. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes recent European rates with balance of the year rates for the euro of €1.09, the pound sterling at £1.27, and the Canadian dollar at CAD0.74. We expect organic parts and services revenue growth between 3.5% and 5.5%. Please note that we have one to two more selling days in 2024 depending on the market with the increase coming in the second half of the year. Europe will be down a selling day in Q1 due to the timing of Easter. Our 2024 estimate includes growth associated with the expansion of aftermarket parts volume resulting from State Farm and the impact of Uni-Select, which will be included in organic parts and services revenue beginning on August 1. We are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4.20 with a mid-point of $4.05. This is an increase of $0.22 or 6% at the mid-point relative to the 2023 actual figure. Looking at Slide 6 in the presentation, you can see how we get from the 2023 actual EPS to our 2024 guidance. Operating performance is expected to generate growth of $0.22 relative to the 2023 results, with growth coming from all four segments. We expect Europe and North America, including the Uni-Select contribution to generate more year-over-year growth than Specialty and Self Service. The transitory items in Europe noted in the last few quarters are expected to be a lesser impact in 2024 and thus will add $0.09 compared to 2023. The exchange rate benefit is nominal. Commodity prices are expected to be a headwind of $0.09 as the current precious metal prices used in the guidance are below the 2023 average. Excluding the impact of Uni-Select, interest expense is projected to be a nominal impact with a higher average rate mitigated by debt paydowns. Consistent with past practices, we have not anticipated future share repurchases beyond the call date of our guidance. We have included an effective tax rate of 26.8% in our 2024 guidance in line with the final 2023 rate. We expect to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow for the year, achieving an EBITDA conversion to free cash flow in the low 50% range. There are various puts and takes in this estimate, including higher cash payments for interest and building inventory offset by improved earnings and increased payables. Capital spending is expected to be at the high end of our target range again at $350 million, which includes key investments in salvage capacity and Specialty distribution to support productivity and margin enhancement initiatives. We feel good about the projected full year cash flow estimate and the conversion ratio generating $1 billion in free cash flow provides flexibility to continue a balanced capital allocation strategy, including debt paydowns, our quarterly dividend, share repurchases, and investments in high synergy tuck-in acquisitions. In terms of quarterly phasing, we expect the earnings growth to be weighted more heavily to the back half of the year. Q1 has been affected by extreme weather conditions in certain markets and very low catalytic converter prices, which in recent weeks were running near 50% of the price in the same period of 2023. Q1 will also be affected by the timing of Easter, resulting in a lost selling day in Europe. The balance of the year will benefit from the additional selling days mentioned previously and a ramp up of Uni-Select synergies as the year progresses. Thanks for your time today. With that, I'll turn the call to Justin to discuss his vision and priorities for LKQ going forward.
Justin Jude: Thank you, Rick, and good morning to everyone on the call. First, I am honored to be chosen to succeed Nick later this year as the next Chief Executive Officer of LKQ and I'm humbled to be able to lead our talented team into the future. I'd like to thank Nick for his mentorship and leadership. Our Board trusted me to lead LKQ through this next chapter, and most importantly, I'd like to thank my wife and kids for their love, patience and support because without them I wouldn't be where I am today. As I prepare to step into the CEO role in July, I am filled with enthusiasm and a deep sense of responsibility. My vision for LKQ is rooted in three fundamental principles: people, growth and operational excellence. People are the heart of LKQ. My first and foremost commitment is to each of my fellow team members across our global organization who are the backbone and essence of LKQ. LKQ's employee-focused culture, centered around communication, accountability, integrity and respect is not just a goal, it's a necessity for our collective success. Growing our business, delivering excellent service and products to our customers is a part of who we are. We will drive revenue organically by growing share of wallet with our customers and being opportunistic on tuck-in acquisitions. And lastly, operational excellence. We will continue to hone our culture of lean management throughout our operations. This will not only improve our financial metrics, but will also provide a consistent and repeatable operating rhythm where our customers will see continual improvements in our service levels. Alongside these principles, we will focus on four key priorities. First, integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, drive high levels of free cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy and return capital back to our shareholders. And finally, invest in our future. In the short-term, the North American Wholesale team is focused on the integration of our Uni-Select acquisition and taking full advantage of the tremendous synergies that exist within our global footprint. I'm extremely proud of how the team is performing with the integration. As of today, we have integrated a total of 75 of the 151 FinishMaster locations, representing over 52% of the consolidated revenue. Corporate synergies are largely complete and on pace to slightly exceed our expectations. The overall synergy plan is on track to deliver above our previously stated targets well ahead of schedule. The buffer to buffer business in Canada completed two tuck-in acquisitions in October of 2023, representing a total of 14 locations as we convert some of that market from three step to two step. And buffer to buffer is working closely with our North American and European procurement teams to maximize additional revenue and cost synergies. In January, buffer to buffer placed their first purchase order with our Europe's private label team and we are confident these synergistic orders will increase over time, enhancing our offering and our competitiveness. Importantly, I want to again emphasize that Uni-Select was a unique opportunity that will enable us to widen the moat around our North American business and capitalize on revenue synergies, both in the paint and the hard part side that weren't there prior to this acquisition. Our North American teams are the best operators, motivators and integrators in the industry, and the results since starting our operational excellence journey in 2019 speaks for itself. I am confident of their ability to generate positive, operational, and financial returns with our Uni-Select business integration. Long-term in North America, we will continue to invest both in the recycled and remanufactured EV battery process as we are a natural fit to become the market leader in this growing space. Turning to Europe, over the last 45 days, I've spent time with our European leadership team diving into multiple aspects of their business. Andy Hamilton, our new CEO of Europe and I agree that there are many levers to pull in Europe. Our primary objective is to accelerate the integration of one LTQ Europe to fully leverage the network of our inventory, which today is still largely country specific. By linking the geographical and regional distribution network across our European footprint, we will drive higher levels of productivity, leading to improved fulfillment rates, enhanced customer service, and improved trade working capital. Achieving this objective will allow us to profitably grow and increase our market leading position. Additionally, in Europe, there is an opportunity to grow our offerings in such areas as private label, collision components, diagnostic and calibration, recycling, remanufacturing and EV aftermarket parts. We also have the ability to expand our LKQ Academy, a program that we offer to independent garages to enhance their EV knowledge base and capabilities, allowing these shops to see the changing technology as an opportunity. Lastly, I believe we have an opportunity to rationalize certain areas of our business through facility consolidation and fleet and logistics network optimization, which will allow us to create efficiencies across geographies and product groups. As we work through our ongoing integration efforts, we will continue to assess our mix of businesses and take decisive action to determine if we are the right owners of certain assets prior to integrating. In closing, I am extremely excited about driving our mission forward and expanding a lean operating model across our entire organization with a primary objective to move swiftly. LKQ has an extraordinary history and importantly, an extremely bright future. Now, let me turn it back over to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Justin, for your thoughtful perspective and comments, and Rick for that detailed financial overview. Our organization has once again proven to be incredibly resilient in any operating environment. Our global teams have worked with agility and urgency to continuously achieve positive results with our operational excellence strategy in establishing One LKQ, a unified and globally focused team. This success is a direct result of a shared mission amongst our over 49,000 employees, which is simply being the leading global value-added and sustainable distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive, available, and cost effective selection of parts and service solutions while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. I'm confident LKQ will live that mission in 2024 and excel through this leadership transition. LKQ's future is very bright with Justin at the helm. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Daniel, the line is yours.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, everybody. Congrats on the quarter.
Nick Zarcone: Hey, good morning.
Rick Galloway: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Justin, I want to start maybe on -- good morning, I want to start on the North American side. Rick, Justin, I know you guys aren't guiding to growth by segment, but obviously it's been holding in there nicely this year. Would the 3.5% and 5.5% kind of organic growth guide be a fair range for North America as well? And could you break out maybe your expectations of what you plan on seeing between pricing and then traffic growth as we head through the New Year here in North America side?
Rick Galloway: Yes, sure. Thanks, Daniel. Thanks for the question. The way to think about it, I talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks, Specialty is going to be in the low-single-digits, so that's going to be on the downside of it, whereas North America and Europe will actually be on a little bit of a higher side. When you think about both of them, it's going to be primarily driven by volumes as far as where that's going to come out for our North American operations. And then I did talk a little bit about the EBITDA percentage with Uni-Select included 17% is the number that we're guiding towards for our North American operations.
Daniel Imbro: Great. And then, as a follow-up, want to touch on the balance sheet. Obviously free cash generation remains strong. I want to focus on vendor financing over in Europe. There's still room to drive that higher. Can you provide any quantification on maybe the progress you've made, Rick, over the last few years? And then, in terms of uses of cash, good to see the buyback restart here in 4Q, are you comfortable with that being a more readable part of capital allocation moving forward?
Rick Galloway: Yes. I appreciate the question. You're spot on the vendor financing program, supplier financing program; we're very pleased with what we saw. We ended the year at $411 million of -- in the vendor financing program. That includes $71 million related to Uni-Select with the acquisition that we did. That's compared to $244 million that we had at the end of 2022. Obviously, there's going to be some ups and downs. We finished a little bit on the high end from what we expected, but very good usage. We'll continue to see a little bit more going into that particularly for our European, but also for our Uni-Select operations, hoping to drive a little bit of more free cash flow. But it's not going to be at those same levels. It's not going to be a 20% increase going into 2024. So I caution you to not put too much in there as far as that goes. And then on the share repurchases, we're pleased with where we are turning out on free cash flow. We hit the billion dollars that we had talked about. That's inclusive of the $30 million that we purchased in Q4 on shares. And then again, we were active in Q1, and we think that this will be a regular piece of it. Obviously, there's significant commitment that we made on the leverage ratios getting down to 2x within the first 18 months. So that's technically January or Q1 of 2025. So there'll be a significant overweighting on the debt payments throughout the year. But we will be active as we see opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman of Stifel. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Good morning. And Nick, I know you got one more earnings call, but you do get to leave the business better than you found it, so well done.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Hoffman: So my question is back to the free cash. I think you're getting a lot of these today, probably, and there's two parts of it. When do we get back to a compounded growth rate in the cash? And then the European question, part of that is, what's the remaining gap between payables and inventory in Europe that is an opportunity to capture that would drive some of that compounding.
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks, Michael. As far as the free cash flow goes, if you think about the last couple of years, and I talked briefly about this in the prepared remarks, we were able to drive a significant portion of some of our lower hanging fruit on trade working capital. And then in addition to that, we did have a little bit of a benefit in the last couple of years, not 2023, but prior to that, if you're looking back a little bit on CapEx as well, where we did -- we had some supply chain financing, or not supply chain financing, but supply chain issues and getting some of those materials. And so CapEx was a little bit lower. If you think back to, like, 2020, when we had a high, we only delivered -- we only had about $172 million of CapEx, whereas we had $358 million this year. So there's pretty significant catch-up, if you will, on that portion. So what I would say is we're at a normalized level, and the compounding you're talking about with EBITDA and driving overall earnings and then driving free cash flow, that's what we should start expecting as we've just now normalized that amount. As far as the opportunity in Europe goes, we think that there's still opportunity. I wouldn't put necessarily a number to it, Michael. I think we had about a 20% improvement, a little over 20% improvement in our vendor financing program in 2023, which is great. It's not going to be 20% in 2024. It's going to be lower than that, but it's still going to be positive and still going to be cash generation coming out of our trade working capital going into 2024.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then my second question, Justin alluded to the possibility of portfolio optimization and I'll get very specific. I get that self-serve was the start of the company, but at this point, do you need to own the self-serve business to be the LKQ you are today going forward?
Justin Jude: So first off, I would say our self-serve team manages very well through some challenging conditions in 2023. But I'll give you an answer on my overall thoughts on portfolio management, which really hasn't changed from the company standpoint, from Nick Standpoint. Our job is always to look at whether we're the right owners of the businesses, whether it's product lines, whether it's businesses that operate in different geographies. And if they fit in our long-term operating model, if they hit our financial metrics, it's something we'll look at keeping and optimizing, and if not, we'll optimize it and look to sell it. But I would say that's just my general idea on portfolio management. Historically, self-serve has been a decent business for us too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison of Baird. Craig, the line is yours.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning, and Nick and Justin, congratulations to you both. Question --
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Justin, I think -- Europe and some levers that you and Andy might pull, maybe you could dig into that a little more, especially on the private label side. But any other levers that you can pull to drive margin expansion.
Justin Jude: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, guy. I have spent several weeks over in Europe meeting the teams over there, the leaders of our different businesses. I'm very optimistic about our future, spent quite a bit of time with Andy Hamilton, our new CEO. Andy did run our ECP operations in the UK, which was our highest profitable and one of our highest businesses that drive private label. Some of the things that him and I have talked about that he's laser-focused on is category management. And that includes driving more private label, which will bring us better margins, really leveraging our inventory and logistics without borders. Today, we're very optimized within the countries for which we operate, but we're still independent within those countries. So we're going to continue to accelerate the One LKQ Europe to leverage that inventory, freeing up free capital. In addition, it'll give us better fulfillment rates, which will drive organic revenue and also looking at labor productivity. And so these are things that Andy's been once again laser-focused on with his team, and him and I are aligned on that pretty well. So very optimistic about the opportunities in Europe.
Craig Kennison: As a follow-up, is there a way to frame your fulfillment rates in Europe and contrast them with what you can achieve in the U.S. or North America?
Justin Jude: It's a lot of different product lines today, we're heavily collision focused in the U.S. and North America versus hard parts over there. We're grabbing some of, I would say, the best practices to track fulfillment rates. We have a lot of orders in our European operations that are not necessarily on the phone like they are in the U.S., so a lot of online, a lot of e-commerce with businesses. But one of the things when we look at category management and we rationalize some of the different excess product lines that we may carry, still carrying an application for what the customer is looking for, but maybe not so many different brands, that will actually allow us to drive our fulfillment rate set.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret, please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: You talked about bumper to bumper doing some purchasing from European vendors. Could you talk about how much supply chain synergy there -- is there? How much bumper to bumper product could come from existing vendors?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. We've got -- so, Bret, I'll start and then if you want to chime in, Justin. So we've identified within the $55 million some procurement synergies. It's less than a $10 million number, as far as the overall opportunities on that portion of it that we have been already active talking back and forth with our European operations in driving some of that. And it's been real small thus far as far as the opportunity goes, getting into the P&L, but it is progressing nicely. So, Justin, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Justin Jude: Yes. To your point, we have started leveraging our European supply chain, bringing in some private label that we already operated on or already carried at bumper to bumper in Canada. Our next phase is looking at new product lines that today bumper to bumper does not carry. So it's not only a cost of goods to get there, but also a revenue generation and margin improvement with new brands and new product lines offering within the private label, so.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. You recall that when we announced the transaction back in February 2023, one of the opportunities we saw actually related to European makes and models, because today, up in Canada, that cohort of cars represents 10% of the car park. But bumper to bumper historically has distributed almost zero product for European makes, models. And we know somebody who knows a lot about the European marketplace, and that's where the focus will be to bring in product lines to service that 10% of the market up in Canada.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then you talked about EV battery recycling, and I guess, what does that mean? Are you talking about extracting them or actually processing, like, a redwood materials? Is that North America or Europe? And is that a capital investment to get into that business?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So our primary focus right now, Bret, is on the remanufacturing of the batteries, taking a battery that's not operating at normal levels, taking out the cells that are defective, putting in new cells and getting that battery back on the road, essentially extending the life of the powertrain. We have -- as we noted last year we're talking with some third parties about recycling not where we would be operating facilities, but where we could be a partner because nobody has access to the batteries. None of the big folks trying to do the recycling really have access to the supply chain. And with our salvage operations, we are the perfect entity to help partner. So we are taking a hard look at key partnerships that could help us move forward on the recycling side. But we would not be necessarily owning and operating large recycling facilities.
Operator: With that, we have no further questions on the line. So I'll hand back to Nick for any closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly thank you for your time and attention this morning and for a productive call, a good set of questions. Just a couple of key dates for everyone to keep in the back of their mind. First, our first quarter call is going to be on Tuesday -- Tuesday, April 23. Normally, we host our calls on Thursday, but this year, that week in April is an overlap with our Annual Leadership Conference in North America, which begins on Thursday, the 25th. So Q1 reporting will be on Tuesday, April 23. Second, we'd like everyone to mark their calendars for our 2024 Investor Day, and that's going to take place on September 10 and will be held at our North American headquarters down in Nashville, Tennessee, so April 23 and September 10. And with that, I'd like to thank everybody on the call for your time and attention. And as always, I extend and my sincere thanks to the 49,000 strong LKQers who make it happen every day. Take care, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to go ahead and introduce our speaker today, Joe Boutross, with LKQ Corporation. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ’s third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I’m happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe. Good morning to everyone on the call, and thank you for joining us. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter, and then Rick will dive into the financial details and provide an overview of our updated guidance, before I come back with a few closing remarks. The third quarter of 2023 represented some mixed results, which collectively fell short of our expectations. Wholesale North America continued to outperform, all while working on the integration of the Uni-Select acquisition. However, we experienced some unusual transitory events that, in aggregate, affected the short-term performance of our European operations. We also had continued pressure on commodities, which impacted Self Service, along with less-than-expected demand for our specialty products. The LKQ culture is one that takes accountability for results and is humble enough to understand that this quarter’s results fell short of both our expectations and the expectations that may view on the call. Make no mistake, the shift to our operational excellence strategy implemented in 2019 has not changed. Structurally, our business model and financial outlook are sound, and we continue to be very optimistic about the future of LKQ. One quarter does not define the resiliency of our business model, the uniqueness of our global enterprise or the long-term opportunities that lie ahead for LKQ. The perpetual challenging macroeconomic conditions are not unique to LKQ, and they will continue to persist, but the LKQ team will move forward. On the positive side, we continue to experience strong organic revenue growth in our North American and European businesses achieving same-day growth of 5.8% and 6.2%, respectively. North America achieved excellent EBITDA margins, which were ahead of expectations, and our free cash flow was excellent, particularly in North America and Europe. On the downside, during the quarter, we faced a few unusual and transitory headwinds. In late September, our Italian subsidiary, Rhiag, completed a negotiation with the Italian tax authorities on the remediation of a value-added tax violation that was committed by certain of our third-party suppliers dating back to 2017. These suppliers are no longer in business, and thus, Rhiag agreed to remit the disputed amounts to the Italian revenue agency to remedy any damage caused by the VAT violations of the former suppliers. Additionally, our German operation was hit with periodic strikes at our large distribution center, which reduced our ability to fully replenish the branch network with inventory on a daily basis. Negotiations with the works council are ongoing, but there have been additional strikes in October, which will affect our Q4 results. It’s important to note that resolving the matter is not fully in our control as the labor contract involved with some multiple employers in Southern Germany that must agree on terms through the employers association. These two items alone reduced our European organic growth by approximately 160 basis points and reduced segment EBITDA margins by 110 basis points. While we are disappointed with these two transitory items, our long-term view of the growth and margin potential of our European business has not changed. Related to commodities, pricing pressure continued in the third quarter, with scrap and precious metal down sequentially 14% and 23%, respectively, decreasing both margins and earnings per share. For context, in Q3, catalytic converter prices fell below $100 for the first time since early 2019, versus the third quarter of last year, when they averaged to $197. This difficult commodity environment, again, had a particularly negative impact on the profitability of our Self Service segment. Rick will provide a deeper dive into the EPS and segment margin details in the quarter when he discusses our updated guidance. The quarter included many other highlights worth noting. The company generated robust free cash flow, and we are on target to again reach $1 billion for 2023. On August 1, we announced the completion of the Uni-Select acquisition, a bespoke and highly synergistic opportunity that will add positive long-term shareholder value and further widen the competitive moat around our North American business. Yesterday, we completed the sale of GSF Car Parts to Epiris, a private equity firm based in the UK, the proceeds from the sale will be used for debt repayments. And finally, our Board has declared a 9% increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.275 to $0.30 per share of common stock. This increase reflects the Board’s ongoing confidence in our ability to continue to generate solid free cash flow and drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now, on to the third quarter 2023 results and year-over-year comparisons. Revenue for the third quarter of 2023 was $3.6 billion, an increase of 15%. Parts and services organic revenue increased 3% on a reported basis and 4.3% on a per day basis. Diluted earnings per share was $0.77 as compared to $0.95 for the same period last year, a decrease of 18.9%. While adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.86 compared to $0.97 for the same period of 2022, a decrease of 11.3%. Let’s turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 8, organic revenue for parts and services for North America increased 4.1% on a reported basis and 5.8% on a per day basis. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that non-comprehensive related auto claims were down 4.3% year-over-year in the third quarter. Similar to the first half of the year, the growth in North America was a combination of price and volume improvements, with the organic growth in our aftermarket collision products predominantly being volume-related. These nice volume increases were driven by our disciplined procurement efforts that allowed us to achieve the proper levels of inventory and the ability to stabilize and maintain our industry-leading fulfillment rates of over 93%, which helped us grow the business. The strong volume was also attributable to State Farm, expanding their usage of aftermarket headlights, taillights and bumpers beginning earlier this year. Further on State Farm, during our last call, I mentioned that State Farm launched another pilot program in California and Arizona for the use of a full range of aftermarket collision parts, including sheet metal products like fenders, hoods and trunk lids and other items like side mirrors and grills. Today, I am pleased to share that on October 16, State Farm announced that they are rolling out the use of these parts nationally to collision repair shops, which are part of their DRP program. We expect the incremental lift from this expansion at a full run rate will reflect a $20 million to $30 million annual benefit in revenues once fully ramped up. With respect to the UAW strikes, we believe that a continuation of the strikes will create incremental demand for our aftermarket and to a lesser extent, our recycled collision parts. Because the strike started in late September, there was no impact on our third quarter results, but we are starting to see an incremental per day volume uptick across all product lines, with some lines that have historically been sourced primarily from the OEs expanding at a faster rate. Obviously, we don’t know how long this demand benefit will last, so we have not adjusted guidance for the UAW strike. North America EBITDA margins exceeded our expectations for the quarter, and we are on track to achieve the greater than 19% full year target we have previously discussed, excluding the anticipated dilution of Uni-Select. Let’s move to our European segment. Europe’s organic revenue for parts and services in the quarter increased 5.1% on a reported basis and 6.2% on a per day basis. While the market remains competitive, the business is performing well by increasing the organic growth rate in the quarter, mostly driven by volume. During the third quarter, we saw solid organic growth in all of our regions, despite the impact of the strikes in Germany, with regional same-day organic growth ranging from approximately 4.7% on the low end to 16.3% on the high end and a total same-day growth rate of 6.2%. Excluding the impact of the strike, the same-day growth rate was just shy of 8%, which is outstanding. The diversity of our European platform is also highlighted by the dispersion in EBITDA margins, with key lines of business and markets posting margins in the low teens, while certain smaller markets delivering mid-single-digit performance. While the labor situation will weigh on our margins in Q4, we remain confident in the long-term margin potential of our European operations. Now let’s move on to our Specialty segment, which continues to face a soft demand environment. During the third quarter, Specialty reported a decrease in organic revenue of 6.1% on a reported basis and 4.6% on a per day basis, which again was below our expectations. As in the past, there were major differences in the demand for various part types. With the RV OEM warranty products and truck and off-road products up 3% and 2%, respectively, during the quarter, while RV accessories and towing-related products were off double digits on a year-over-year basis. The RV portion of our Specialty business was impacted by the wholesale shipment and retail unit sales of RVs, which were down 45% and 17% year-to-date through August, respectively. Though still down, the Specialty revenue decline in the third quarter was less significant than in the first half of the year. Still, we don’t see a natural near-term catalyst for demand to bounce back, and we anticipate tough comparisons into the start of 2024. Now on to the Self Service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self Service segment increased 5.1% in the third quarter. Self Service was again confronted by the decrease in metals pricing, I mentioned earlier, particularly with respect to catalytic converters, which are linked to precious metal prices. Operationally, the Self Service team also had challenges with their ability to source vehicles at the appropriate cost. Simply put, car costs have not declined in lockstep with commodity prices, creating significant margin pressures and pushing Self Service into a loss position for the third quarter. We have already taken action with our buying practices and have installed an operational leader to drive standardization and process improvements across our Self Service buying group. The leadership team has also taken actions to reduce overhead costs, and the early returns have been positive. We expect this business to be marginally profitable in Q4. As reported, we closed on the Uni-Select acquisition on August 1. The integration activities and synergies are on target and in some cases, ahead of schedule. This past week, we completed the first wave of FinishMaster facility optimizations, with 10 locations being folded into an existing LKQ aftermarket warehouse location and two other FinishMaster locations being merged. From here, we will begin to see an acceleration of our footprint optimization. Our sales force and operations teams dedicated to the paint and related products market have been fully aligned, and we’ve built out a synergy tracking team with various tools and metrics to assure we hit the targets we established when we announced the transaction back in February. Now that we’ve owned the business for a few months, we see a slight shift in the FinishMaster business with MSOs representing a slightly larger share of activity. As you know, the MSOs are some of our largest customers on the parts side of the business. The bumper to bumper business in Canada is actively working with our European team to assess and take advantage of the procurement leverage that exists between their respective businesses. We have completed two tuck-in acquisitions in Canada that Uni-Select had in the hopper, and we have another small transaction that will close shortly. We are excited about the growth opportunities in Canada and believe we have a great team to execute the plan. Overall, I am confident in our North America team managing the Uni-Select integration, and that they will deliver the same strong results as they’ve had with their operational excellence efforts over the last three years. Let me now turn the discussion over to Rick, who will run you through the details of the segment results and discuss our updated outlook for 2023.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick, and welcome to everyone joining us today. As Nick mentioned, our third quarter results reflected a mix of positives and negatives, but on balance was below our expectations. Our cash flow generation in our North America segment margins continue to be bright spots for us, and we will continue to build on these strengths. The earnings pressure was attributable to a combination of unusual items, softness in precious metal prices, and difficult market conditions impacting our Specialty and Self Service segments. While we expect challenges around economic conditions, commodity prices and exchange rates to impact the fourth quarter, we remain highly confident in the prospects of the overall business as the fundamental strengths that have driven strong results since we implemented our operational excellence strategy in 2019 remain intact. I will now provide further details on the financials, starting with cash flows and the balance sheet. As of June 30, we had total debt of $4.0 billion, including the $1.4 billion bond offering from May, with a total leverage ratio of 2.3 times EBITDA. With the August 1 acquisition of Uni-Select, we drew down a CAD700 million term loan and approximately $150 million on our revolving credit facility to complete the funding. By hedging the Canadian dollar exchange rate after announcing the transaction, we were able to save almost $50 million [ph] on the U.S. dollar equivalent of the purchase price, which is a terrific outcome. Factoring in the proceeds from the hedge settlement and the cash acquired, our net cash out for the Uni-Select acquisition dropped down from $2.1 billion to $2.0 billion. We committed to paying down debt post acquisition to bring our total leverage ratio below 2.0 times again within 18 months, and we got to work on this pledge in August and September, during which we paid down over $200 million of revolver debt with our free cash flow. As of September 30, our total leverage ratio was 2.3 times, so consistent with the June level and we expect a reduction in the leverage ratio as of year-end. The proceeds from the sale of GSF will be utilized to reduce our total debt, putting us in a better position to begin implementing a more balanced capital allocation strategy, which includes share repurchases. The Q3 debt repayments were possible because of our solid balance sheet and the generation of $344 million in free cash flow during the quarter. Through September, free cash flow is $911 million, and we are raising our full year guidance to approximately $1.0 billion in recognition of the strong performance year-to-date. I am pleased with our ability to meet the free cash flow expectations despite the headwind from acquisition-related transaction, restructuring and financing costs of almost $50 million. Also during the quarter, we invested $65 million on tuck-in acquisitions, and we paid a dividend of $74 million in September. As Nick mentioned, we raised our quarterly dividend to $0.30 per share, which speaks to our confidence in being able to generate robust free cash flows through economic cycles. Our effective borrowing rate rose to 5.5% for the quarter due to global market rate increases. We have $2.1 billion in variable rate debt, of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps at 4.6% and 4.2% over the next two years to three years, respectively. Moving to segment performance. Starting on Slide 10. North America reported a segment EBITDA margin of 17.0%, which includes the results of Uni-Select effective August 1. As we previously disclosed, Uni-Select operates at a lower margin than our legacy North America business because of the mix of product it sells. Adding Uni-Select diluted the North America margins by 180 basis points. Without Uni-Select, North America continued its strong performance with a Q3 margin of 18.8% and stayed on track to finish the year with a segment EBITDA margin in the low 19% range, consistent with what we disclosed last quarter. North America gross margin decreased 60 basis points, in line with expectations, with a decrease in salvage margins tied to car costs. Overhead expenses were roughly flat year-over-year. After the acquisition of Uni-Select, the North America team was able to work on integration and achieve a better understanding of the timing of our original assumptions. With increased access to personnel and visibility of financial and operational data, we are updating our projections for 2023 for Uni-Select to be dilutive in the range of $0.04 to $0.06. As Nick mentioned, we are focused on integration and are accelerating synergies related to FinishMaster branches to drive improvement relative to the estimated range and maximize the 2024 benefits. We remain confident in our investment thesis of Uni-Select, and we believe the transaction will be accretive in 2024. Europe delivered segment EBITDA margin of 9.3%, down 200 basis points from the prior period. There were a couple of unusual items that had a negative effect of 110 basis points on the results Nick mentioned. First, we booked a charge for value added tax audit matter in Italy related to prior years for $11 million, which impacted the margin by 70 basis points. We are comfortable that this VAT issue has been addressed and won’t have a recurring effect. Second, the strikes at our primary distribution center in Germany had an estimated negative effect on segment EBITDA of 40 basis points. The remaining margin variance is attributable to gross margin compression, primarily in our Central and Eastern European regions related to customer price sensitivity with difficult macroeconomic conditions. We are addressing this matter with specific category management actions to meet price point expectations in the region while helping to improve margins. Moving to Slide 12. Specialty’s EBITDA margin of 8.6% declined 220 basis points compared to the prior year. Gross margin, which was down 300 basis points year-over-year is under pressure from increased price competition as inventory availability continues to improve for our competitors in addition to unfavorable product mix as lower margin lines, such as auto and marine, have been less affected by revenue reductions. SG&A expenses were favorable by 80 basis points, mostly related to personnel and primarily coming from restructuring efforts in the last 12 months to align the cost structure with revenue trends. As the year-over-year organic revenue decrease has narrowed each quarter in 2023 versus the prior year, the same is occurring with segment EBITDA margin, and we expect the trend to continue in Q4 with the margin near last year’s figure. As you can see on Slide 13, Self Service profitability declined sequentially to a loss of 0.6% this quarter from 4.1% in the second quarter and decreased relative to the 2.6% reported in Q3 2022. Metals prices had a net negative effect on results of $7 million, with lower precious metal prices representing a $17 million reduction in EBITDA and lag effects from sequential scrap steel price changes driving a $10 million improvement. Other revenue decreased by 24.4% in total, contributing to a reduction in operational leverage of 590 basis points. While car costs typically move in tandem with changes in commodity prices, we continue to experience a stickiness in car cost, which is contributing to margin compression. Now for further details on the consolidated results. As mentioned, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.86 was down $0.11 relative to Q3 last year. The primary negative factors were $0.04 from the impacts of metals prices, as shown on Slide 27, $0.04 from the VAT charge in Italy, $0.04 in higher interest expense resulting from rate increases excluding Uni-Select costs, and $0.02 attributed to the effects of strikes in Germany. Our operational performance was a slight negative after excluding the items noted previously, as solid gains in North America of $0.02 were offset by the decline in Specialty business of $0.03. We benefited by $0.02 due to the lower share count resulting from our share repurchase in 2022, and foreign exchange translation contributed to $0.02 of higher earnings with a stronger euro and pound sterling. On the tax rate, we applied an annual effective rate estimate of 27.0%, which is consistent with the rate in our prior guidance. I will conclude with our current thoughts on projected 2023 results. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends, and assumes scrap and precious metal prices hold near September levels. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes balance of the year rates for the euro of $1.06 and the pound sterling at $1.23, in line with current rates. We expect reported organic parts and service revenue in the range of 4.75% to 5.75%. Organic growth was 5.3% through September. We decreased the range in recognition of the estimated revenue loss associated with the German strike activity, difficult macroeconomic conditions in parts of Europe and the ongoing challenges at Specialty. North America has potential upside in Q4 related to the State Farm rollout and the UAW strike, which could push the full year result above the midpoint of the range. We expect adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.68 to $3.82, which brings in both the high and low ends of the range from our previous estimate. The midpoint is now $3.75 per share, down from the prior figure of $4 provided last call. And the primary drivers of the decrease in the midpoint are as follows: $0.06 from lost earnings related to the German strike activity, $0.05 of dilution from the Uni-Select acquisition that was not included in the prior guidance as we had not yet closed the transaction, $0.04 from the VAT charge in Italy, $0.04 from metal prices, $0.05 from operations, primarily related to Self Service and Specialty, and $0.01 from foreign exchange rates. Slide 5 shows the full bridge of the EPS guidance change. We increased our free cash flow guidance to approximately $1.0 billion from $975 million, with a 55% to 60% annual EBITDA conversion. With our year-to-date free cash flow of $911 million, we are anticipating roughly $90 million in Q4, which would be our lowest quarterly amount this year. Part of the sequential decrease is seasonal as we build inventory ahead of the winter – the busy winter season, and we also have higher interest payments scheduled for Q4 this year as the semiannual interest payment of the $1.4 billion Uni-Select bonds is due in December. Thank you for your time today. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Rick, for that financial overview. Before we open the call for questions, I want to reiterate what our global team has accomplished since starting the operational excellence journey back in 2019. In 2022, North America adjusted EBITDA margins reached their highest full year level in the company’s history at 18.7%. Excluding the impact of Uni-Select, we are on track to beat that record again this year. As a reminder, North America ended 2018, which segment EBITDA margins at 12.6%. The 1 LKQ Europe Program has generated tremendous results since introducing the plan in September 2019, and the segment is on track to consistently drive full year double-digit EBITDA margins. Importantly, there is further runway for leveraging our scale and unparalleled distribution network. This is demonstrated by the strong organic revenue growth in the quarter and the first nine months of the current fiscal year and a significant year-on-year increase in segment EBITDA of $40 million after taking into account the two unusual items that cost the segment $19 million in aggregate. We’ve generated free cash flow at or above $1 billion for three years in a row, and we are on target to make 2023 the fourth. We’ve divested 16 businesses, representing over $625 million of revenue that did not fit our strategic objectives. We’ve achieved investment-grade ratings from each of Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch. We’ve repurchased $2.4 billion of stock since initiating our first repurchase plan in October of 2018. We’ve distributed $578 million in quarterly dividends to our shareholders. And we’ve achieved a AAA ESG rating from MSCI and built out a team to drive our global sustainability effort forward with targeted objectives. So yes, we are very LKQ proud. As we move forward towards the end of 2023, let me restate the key strategic pillars, which remain central to our culture and objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn, give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And lastly, we will continue to invest in our future. As always, I want to thank the over 49,000 people who work for LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our mission and our LKQ Delivers Values forward regardless of the challenges. Without a doubt, our people are LKQ’s biggest asset. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret. 
Rick Galloway: Good morning, Bret. 
Bret Jordan: Could you give us a little more color, I guess, on the UK asset sale, maybe some either quantified or maybe EBITDA multiple you got for that sale?
Nick Zarcone: Sure, Bret. Great question as – anticipated. The definitive sale agreement includes a provision wherein we are not allowed to disclose any of the terms of the transaction. What I will tell you is that we ran a full and complete auction process that started out with dozens and dozens of potential buyers. We closed the transaction at the highest value that was – that came out of the option process. We had fully anticipated that the multiple that we would receive for GSF would be materially less than the multiple that we paid for the other businesses. And we built that into all the original analysis and that exactly proved to be the case. All things considered, we’re happy to get the transaction behind us. As Rick indicated, we’re going to use the proceeds to repay debt. And the other thing I would say is the multiple reflects the current M&A environment and the impact of higher interest rates. Particularly for leveraged transactions, we sold this to a PE shop over in the UK but again, it was generally in line with what our going expectations were. Maybe a little bit on the skinny side, but not materially different.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a follow-up, I guess, the Canadian business, could you maybe talk about where you see working capital trending there? I mean, obviously, it should be a source of cash. Can you talk about maybe what their working capital investment is and how you might lever that?
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks, Bret, for the question. I’ll take that one. So one of the things that we’re pretty excited about is the ability that the CAG Group or Bumper to Bumper Group has with the vendor financing program. We got about $65 million in the vendor financing program as one of the components to drive performance. It was underutilized and something that we think we can grow fairly significantly. The overall trade working capital that we inherited from the transaction, roughly, call it, $200 million that we think we can continue to enhance and benefit within the payables, similar to what we’re doing over in Europe.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is now open. 
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Hey Nick. Good morning. So in the guidance walk, you pegged the Uni-Select impact at a $0.05 headwind. I think, Rick, you said $0.04 to $0.06. I believe that last quarter, that was a $0.04 headwind projection. I know that’s a small move, but it’s in the wrong direction. I’m just wondering if you uncovered something that wasn’t as good as you hoped? Or is that just a function of rounding?
Nick Zarcone: Hey Craig, I’ll take that one. When we were analyzing and negotiating the transaction some nine to 10 months ago, we were working off of the Uni-Select annual budget for 2023, we had to make some estimates on our side as it relates to the quarterly phasing of how their business was going to unfold. We’re now sitting here in October and we recognize that our estimates, as it relates to the seasonality and the phasing of their business, were off a bit, with kind of more of their activity hitting earlier in the year than we anticipated and a little bit less late in the year. In response, we’re working hard to realize the synergies sooner rather than later, as Rick indicated. From our perspective, nothing really changes in a material manner related to the long-term economics of the transaction. And what I’d also highlight for you, as Rick mentioned, is between the benefits of the FX hedge on the original purchase, some of the higher-than-expected cash on the balance sheet at closing, the transaction value actually declined by about $100 million, which helps offset some of that earnings difference from a return perspective, not necessarily from a, from an EPS perspective.
Rick Galloway: And maybe I’ll just add just a little bit more to that. You talked about the synergy piece. Craig, it’s important to understand on the synergy piece, we’ve accelerated some stuff. We’ve talked about how we closed 10 facilities within the FinishMaster business. As far as the overall synergies, we’re roughly 20% of our synergies have already been achieved on a run rate basis as of today.
Craig Kennison: As a follow-up to that, Rick, I thought a lot of those synergies were tied to leases, which maybe three years before their expiration. So how are you able to accelerate what are essentially contractual agreements?
Rick Galloway: Yes. They weren’t all tied to that. There’s a fair amount on the FinishMaster side that go throughout the period. So if there’s something that is a little bit tighter, a little bit closer, that’s the area that we were able to identify and say a pull in that opportunity and close those facilities at an earlier time.
Craig Kennison: Thank you. 
Rick Galloway: Yep. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Stember from MKM Partners. Your line is now open. 
Scott Stember: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions as well.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott. 
Scott Stember: Can you talk about in Europe and Germany, you mentioned that it sounds like there was some progress in negotiations, I guess, later in the quarter. Are we trending in the right direction? Just trying to get a sense of how long this could potentially last and how far into 2024?
Nick Zarcone: Are you talking about the strike in Germany?
Scott Stember: Yes, sorry about that. Yes, the strike in Germany.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So look, employees or certain employees at our big distribution center in Sulzbach-Rosenberg, which fulfills all of our branches in Germany, a number of those folks belong to a union or a works council as they’re called over on the other side of the pond. We don’t have advanced warning as to when they decide to call a strike. It’s very episodic. The issue is we’re down in headcount. Not all the members go on strike, but probably we lose about 40% of our workforce when they are out in strike. And that creates significant issues in trying to move product into and out of the distribution center. But we need to replenish our branches on a daily basis. Because if the product is not out in the branch the next morning, it can’t be sold. And some of the key bottlenecks are actually on the inbound movement of goods, as you can imagine, with less people to bring all that product in. The vendor delivery trucks get stacked up out in the drive, et cetera, et cetera, right? We have a phenomenal team at Stahlgruber that’s doing everything possible to mitigate the issues. We are in flight in bringing in a second DC [ph online up in Bielefeld, which is in the northern part of Germany, but that’s not going to come online in time to help with the strikes. The branch and corporate personnel in Bavaria, we pulled some of those folks into the distribution center to help with staffing. We’re still down even after that from an overall headcount perspective, and obviously, those employees are not as productive because they’re doing new things. We’re trying to push more inventory out into the branches on non-strike days, but there are limits as to how much the branches can hold from a practical perspective. And we have to make educated guesses as to what product each particular branch may need in the future, which is not the same as fulfilling orders based on actual sales to [indiscernible]. As I indicated, the employees have been on strike for several days here in October, and we anticipate that’s going to continue. The biggest part of it is it’s not like in the U.S. where, say, Ford, GM and Chrysler are all negotiating separately with the UAW. Here, there’s a group of employers, including Stahlgruber, that are all part of the same works council. And we need to get to a settlement as a group, we cannot do a one-off settlement with the union. We’re hopeful we can bring this to a close yet this year. Like many unions around the globe, they’ve got really big expectations. And there’s a difference both in the amount of wage increases and the term of the contract. We obviously want to lock in the longer term, so we’re not here next year talking about the same kinds of things. So the impacts of the strike are continuing into the fourth quarter. And we anticipate that they will continue at least through November.
Rick Galloway: Scott, maybe just to throw a couple of numbers to that. In Q2, we saw about $0.02 a share. In our guidance, we essentially doubled that for Q4. So we’re optimistic that it will close out in 2023 and not have an impact on 2024. But as of right now, in our guidance, we have a total of $0.06, $0.02 in Q3 and then $0.04 in Q4.
Scott Stember: Okay. Got it. And then just a quick last question on the bumper to bumper business. I don’t know if you’ve mentioned this before. Can you just give us an indication of how the organic sales growth has been running just some of the industry dynamics up in Canada on the mechanical repair side?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, the bumper to bumper is pretty much right on track, right on plan. So we are really pleased with that business and with the team. As I mentioned, we’ve got a couple of small tuck-in acquisitions that we’ve already completed and another one that will happen in Q4. So we anticipate nice growth up in Canada.
Rick Galloway: To throw a number at it, Scott, high single digits is the way you should kind of think about that business right now.
Scott Stember: Organically?
Rick Galloway: Yes, organically. Yes.
Scott Stember: Okay. Good enough. Thank you guys. 
Rick Galloway: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Your line is now open. 
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning everyone.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Gary. 
Gary Prestopino: Rick, could you maybe go into some of the issues. I mean you mentioned pricing, but what exactly is going on for the 140 basis point decline in gross margin in Europe that you cited. You talked about something pricing in Eastern Europe was having some issues, could you maybe go in a little more detail on that?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So if you think about what’s going on over there with the recessionary environment and the activities going on, there is a little bit of price sensitivity. So what I was talking about in my prepared remarks is some price sensitivity in Europe that is – think of the good, better, best product brings that we offer. The customers are moving from the best to the better, better to the good, and we’re seeing that come down. What we have seen and what we think the opportunity is in our overall category management. Think of things like private labeling, right? So private labeling, we have businesses not in Central and Eastern Europe that are getting in, call it, 35%, north of 35% on private labeling. And we also have businesses in Central Eastern Europe that are at single digits. Mid- to high single digits in that private labeling branding. As those customers move down to a different product offering, that’s where we think we’re going to be able to really drive overall profitability to move them over to a different product offering that actually helps us out. So it’s just that consumer price sensitivity. The really good news, Gary, that I would tell you is our products are nondiscretionary. As we’ve been saying, volume is really solid. That continues to be the case, both in Central and Eastern Europe. The team is doing a fantastic job as far as delivery performance and all of that. It’s just a little bit of sensitivity on that recessionary environment that is squeezing the margins a bit that we think we’re going to be able to rectify here in the next couple of quarters.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. And then versus the EPS bridge that you put in Q2 to Q3, it looks like, operationally, you were looking for a $0.05 positive in Q2. It’s now slipped to $0.05 negative in – with the Q3 guidance. Is that all specialty that is making that shift?
Rick Galloway: It’s primarily actually self-serve. So Nick talked about some of the changes that we’re making within self-serve, it’s self-serve and specialty that makes up that $0.05, Gary, but it’s over weighted on the self-serve side. So think of the car cost that need to come down. What Nick did and the team did is put some new leadership in, that he talked about in his prepared remarks, to drive down that overall procurement and enhance the overall margins. The good news is that early in the quarter, we actually saw negative performance, negative EBITDA. That flipped to a decent-sized profitable September as we’re going into Q4. So we’re seeing the trends in the right direction, but it’s still that squeeze between the car cost and what the commodities have done. So think over weighted on self-serve versus what’s going on in specialty. Specialty, what I talked about if you think about especially in Q4, we’ve tightened up the margins. What we’ve done is we’ve tightened up both the revenue side and the margin side as we’ve gone through the year, when you think year-over-year. And we think Q4 – we believe Q4 will be pretty much on par on a margin basis versus what Q4 was last year.
Gary Prestopino: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Butler from Stifel. Your line is now open. 
Brian Butler: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Brian. 
Rick Galloway: Good morning, Brian. 
Brian Butler: Just on the first one back to Specialty there. Can you maybe break it down, how much of this is macro driven higher interest cost and buying cars, versus just tough compares from what was a stronger 2022?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. It’s a little bit of both, Brian, to tell you the truth. As you know, our North American and European businesses largely sell nondiscretionary parts that are used to repair vehicles, while Specialty primarily sells parts to accessorize the vehicles. As had Specialty is going to be more directly impacted by the broader macroeconomic environment, things related to economic growth, interest rates, consumer balance sheets and the like. The sale of light trucks, jeeps and SUVs has been reasonably okay, while the sale of new RV units has been very depressed, as you know. So with that, it shouldn’t be a surprise that the sale of RV accessories and related products like hitches and other towing equipment have been much softer than the traditional SEMA product. We believe that retail sales of RV units is probably a better leading indicator for the potential demand for our RV accessories than wholesale shipments from the OEs to the dealers, because unsold units sitting on a dealer lot doesn’t do anything to generate demand for the types of parts that we sell. And so with interest rates going higher and the financial health of the consumers eroding, that’s why I said we don’t see a near-term catalyst for a quick rebound in the RV marketplace. Now as we get into next year, we obviously have an easier set of comps because 2023 has been very soft. And so we wouldn’t anticipate the same kind of negative growth in 2024 than – as compared to what we have here in 2023.
Brian Butler: On the free cash flow side, working capital as year-to-date kind of $150-plus million benefit. When you look at that $25 million increase in the free cash flow outlook for the full year, can we go back to that and just – and what kind of – is that just working capital, all of that benefit? Or is there some other pieces within there that’s driving that slightly higher free cash flow outlook?
Rick Galloway: Yes. No, it’s a great question. I mean you look at the free cash flow, you think year-over-year, when you combine three items – interest, CapEx and Uni-Select [ph] transaction costs, $250 million come down off of last year’s number, where we were at roughly $1 billion, making all of that up and delivering a fantastic result. It’s a little bit higher than $150 million if you think about the trade working capital. It’s more like $180 million as we go into Q3. It’s things like our vendor financing program that the European team does. The operational excellence initiatives span way beyond just the P&L side, they go to the balance sheet side as well. The team is doing a fantastic job driving the performance. They’re up 12% versus year-end, up about $35 million on the vendor financing program, up 10% in payables. And so driving that over and over again is something that we see as a continuous improvement. So I would tell you, the performance is good, really solid performance year-over-year, and that trade working capital really is the catalyst behind driving that performance.
Brian Butler: Okay. And if I can maybe slip one last one in. How much debt do you expect to repay in the fourth quarter?
Rick Galloway: To repay?
Brian Butler: Yes. How much debt paydown?
Rick Galloway: We should have roughly about $150-ish million. About $150 million debt pay down in the fourth quarter.
Brian Butler: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
Bret Jordan: Hey guys. Second round here. You gave us the auto claims number year-over-year. Could you give us the total loss rate for Q3?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, total losses, at least according to our best sources that we have here, Bret, was approximately 20.6% in Q3 of 2023, which was up a bit from both 2022 and 2021. So total losses were up a bit. That in part is why we think repairable claims was down 4.6%, right, because you had a few more total losses. As we’ve always said, we’re agnostic to the total loss rate. Because in reality, the more cars that roll through the auctions, creates more pine opportunities for our salvage operations at reasonable prices. The key, we believe, is what’s powering the overall demand for products. And while repairable claims may be down a little bit, APU is going north. And APU is going north in part because the average number of parts required to repair a vehicle is at an all-time high of 15.7 parts in the third quarter. Obviously, the industry is fully recovering from our aftermarket parts availability. As we said, our fulfillment rates were back to over 93%, which is pretty close to our target. And then you’ve got things like the benefit of the State Farm program, which will take a little bit of share away from the OEs as well. So our sense is that our same-day organic of 5.8% outstripped what we believe would be the net impact of all the other headwinds and tailwinds, giving us confidence that we’re continuing to take share.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one quick question. In the prepared remarks, you talked about FinishMaster having a slightly higher MSO mix. Could you give us more color on that? Is that – is pricing on FinishMaster products lower on average than your traditional paint business?
Nick Zarcone: There’s no doubt that the way that the accounting works and the way the contracts are – and that the margin on MSO business is less than the margins on a non-MSO. Because it’s basically a service quotient to service fee, if you will, even though we have to record the full value of the product that are sold. And as I mentioned in my comments, MSO volumes were a little bit higher as a percent of the total than they’ve been in the past. And that, quite frankly, that happens every time one of the MSOs buys an independent shop, right? It switches from – it switches the volumes. All in all, we’re happy with the – with where we stand with the paint business.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is now open. 
Daniel Imbro:
.:
Nick Zarcone: We believe absolutely. The reality is we posted up 5.8% on a same-day basis in the third quarter. Again, as I just mentioned in answering Bret’s question, that’s coming from better APU, it’s coming from taking share from some of the smaller competitors. Our guess is that North America will probably have some similar growth in the fourth quarter as in the third quarter. On the one hand, obviously, the comps get harder, right, because last – Q4 of last year, we were starting to get back to our fulfillment rates into the low 90% range in the fourth quarter. Wherein earlier in the 2022, we’re still well down in the 80s. So the comps were easier at the beginning of the year than they are going to be here at the end of the year. And on the other hand, though, we’ve got the benefits associated with State Farm and some of the benefits related to the UAW strike. And there’s no doubt that the UAW strike helps our North American business. On a long-term basis, we absolutely are confident in all the expectations we set, including those back in our Analyst Day in 2022. And what we think a couple of percentage points of growth, excluding inflation, is absolutely within our capability.
Daniel Imbro: That’s helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up. Rick, so you mentioned in your scripts that buybacks are part of capital deployment. But it does feel like you guys have done more M&A, whether it’s a small one in Canada, you just bought Uni-Select. Can you maybe talk about like what just the strategic rationale is at buying at this point in the cycle? Could you – do you typically get better prices if we do enter a downturn? And just, I guess, how you plan on spending the $1 billion of free cash? You have $150 million of debt pay down of work to do, but what do you plan to do with the rest of it?
Rick Galloway: Yes. It’s good question, Daniel. Thanks for as you start thinking about the overall capital allocation strategy, that hasn’t changed. So if you think about it on an ongoing basis, $1 billion, we have $300 million roughly for dividend. We obviously raised the dividend 9% based off of what the Board has approved and the solid cash performance that we have. Then we earmark about, call it, $200 million annually for tuck-in acquisitions. And then the remainder, about $500 million to do kind of what we want with it, right, whether we do share repurchases, whether we do some debt pay down. What we’ve said is we’d be over weighted – until we get below two times, we’ll be over weighted on that remaining $500 million on debt paydown. So that’s going to continue. But we constantly are looking at our opportunities, whether there is an opportunity on the share price, if there’s some timing that offers us, we’ll continually look at that. But what we’re committed to is, within 18 months, we’ll get down below that two times. And so that’s something that’s weighing in the back of our mind. So that’s the way you should think about that capital allocation.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Thanks so much. 
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thank you. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn back the call to Nick Zarcone. Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: Well, certainly, we want to thank everybody for your time and attention this morning. We know this is a busy reporting period, and we certainly appreciate spending some of your time here with LKQ. We obviously look forward to chatting with you again in February – late February of 2024 when we’re going to announce our fourth quarter results, full year 2023 results. And obviously, we’ll set the guidance for next year with all of you. So again, thank you for your time and attention, and we’ll be talking in February.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for joining LKQ Corporation’s Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I am your operator, Jiao. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Joe Boutross, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to LKQ’s second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today maybe considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I’m happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everybody on the call. I hope you are all having a safe and enjoyable summer. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the quarter and then Rick will dive into the financial details and provide an overview of our updated guidance before I come back with a few closing remarks. The second quarter of 2023 was a continuation of what we delivered in the first quarter, where again the resilience of our businesses shined through with an exceptional organic revenue growth and strong margins in our North American and European segments, which more than offset the impact of the headwinds experienced by our Specialty and Self-Service segments. The non-discretionary nature of the parts these core segments distribute, coupled with our ongoing operational excellence initiatives, highlights the strength of our business model and our ability to generate robust profitability during periods of challenging macroeconomic conditions, including flat declining economic growth in several of our markets, decreases in commodity pricing, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and its impact on the broader European markets, and the continued increases in interest rates and its subsequent impact on consumers. The strength of our North American and European segments is evidenced by the fact that in the second quarter of 2023, North America and Europe collectively represented roughly 90% of our total segment EBITDA versus 79% for the second quarter of 2022 and just 74% in 2021. The variance in performance across our operating segments this quarter again validates our long-term diversification strategy, both with respect to geography and product and speaks to the true strength of our organization and our portfolio of businesses. Now on to the second quarter 2023 results and year-over-year comparisons. Revenue for the second quarter was $3.4 billion, an increase of 3.2%. Parts and services organic revenue increased 4.8% on a reported basis and 5.4% on a per day basis. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was flat year-over-year and foreign exchange rates increased revenue by 0.6% for total parts and services revenue increases of 5.4%. Other revenue fell 23.9% in the second quarter of 2023, primarily due to weaker precious metal prices relative to the same period in the prior year. Net income for the second quarter of 2023 was $281 million as compared to $420 million last year. Diluted earnings per share, was $1.05 in the second quarter of 2023 compared to $1.49, a decrease of 29.5%. The company completed the divestiture of PGW Auto Glass in the second quarter of last year, which generated a pre-tax gain of $155 million and an after-tax gain of $127 million or $0.45 a share in the second quarter of 2022. Adjusted net income of $291 million in Q2 of 2023 compared to $307 million last year, a decrease of 5.1%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the second quarter of 2023 was flat with last year at $1.09, coming in flat to the prior year is a testament to the strength of our operating performance as we faced headwinds from significantly lower commodity prices and higher interest expense. Rick will provide further financial details in his prepared remarks. Now, let’s turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 8, organic parts and services revenue for North America increased 8.3%. North America also reported the highest quarterly EBITDA margin on record as a standalone segment, excluding self-service. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that collision and liability-related auto claims were down 3.1% year-over-year in the second quarter. Similar to Q1, the growth in North America was a combination of price and volume improvements. The pricing impact primarily reflected the year-over-year benefit of increases implemented late in Q2 and Q3 of last year as opposed to further increases in 2023. The volume pickup was particularly evident in the aftermarket product line and was the result of two factors. First, having largely worked through the industry supply chain issues and returning to proper levels of inventory enabled us to get back to our historical level of fulfillment rates with year-to-date aftermarket fill rates at their highest level since June of 2020. Second, the impact of the State Farm program continues to unfold nicely and is building demand for aftermarket headlights, taillights and bumper covers. As previously disclosed, in December of last year, State Farm announced that it would allow the use of these aftermarket part types. Late last month, State Farm announced that they are running yet another pilot. This time in California and Arizona for the use of a full range of aftermarket collision parts, including sheet metal products like fenders, hoods and trunk lids and other items like side mirrors and grills. As part of this pilot, State Farm requires at these parts to be certified by CAPA, a Certified Automotive Parts Association. As many of you know, we are by far the largest distributor of CAPA-certified collision parts in the United States. Importantly, we believe the potential expansion by State Farm into the utilization of these additional aftermarket part types validates both the high-quality standards of our platinum plus private label aftermarket parts offerings and our ability to deliver best-in-class service to State Farm’s direct repair network across the country. We will be a beneficiary should State Farm ultimately decide to rollout the use of these additional aftermarket part types on a nationwide basis. This upward trend in our aftermarket sales volumes is consistent with a general rise in alternative part usage or APU, which again approached pre-pandemic levels in the second quarter. I am pleased to say that the increase in APU also included an uptick in the recycled parts category, increasing about 140 basis points year-over-year. Combined, aftermarket recycled parts have witnessed over a 400 basis point improvement in industry-wide APU year-over-year in the second quarter of 2023. Our outperformance is another indicator that we continue to take market share. Non-comprehensive total loss rates decreased sequentially in the second quarter to 20.4% from 20.9% in Q1. With the recent drop in used car prices, we expect total loss rates to slightly pick up for the balance of the year. And then as OEs work through their healthy inventory levels, industry experts believe we will likely see a mix shift to newer vehicles down the road and would expect to see any near-term increase in total losses to reverse cars given newer vehicles are less likely to be deemed a total loss. As stated in prior calls, we are generally agnostic as to the small up and down shifts in the total loss rate. Finally, last month, I had the opportunity to spend some quality time with the top performing general managers and salespeople at an event for our North American business. I must say their enthusiasm regarding the future of LKQ was simply energizing. Now, let’s move on to our European segment. Europe’s organic revenue growth for parts and services in the quarter increased 8.5% on a reported basis and 9.8% on a per day basis. It was a quarter of records for the European segment, which reported the highest quarterly revenue ever at $1.64 billion, the highest EBITDA at $188 million, and the highest second quarter EBITDA margin percentage ever at 11.5%. During the quarter, we saw high single-digit to low double-digit reported organic growth in some of our key operating geographies. In particular, our Benelux, German and Eastern European operations performed exceptionally well. The revenue growth reflected a combination of positive movements in both price and volume. We are confident we are continuing to take share in these large and highly fragmented markets as witnessed by ECP, our UK business, which generated its highest level of per day sales on record. In the second quarter, LKQ Europe entered into a strategic partnership with Mobivia, Europe’s largest independent provider of automotive maintenance and repair services, operating under 11 brands in 18 countries across Europe. The agreement between Mobivia and LKQ Europe is based on a dual mode of collaboration, which includes the procurement and delivery of automotive parts to Mobivia’s 530 ATU service branches across Germany. LKQ and Mobivia are both leaders in our respective sectors of the European automotive aftermarket. And thanks to this collaboration, we will leverage our strengths to provide a differentiated solution that is unparalleled in the marketplace. Our European team continues to face cost inflation across all operating markets. And to combat this, the team has taken decisive structural and multiple efficiency actions. These actions resulted in year-over-year improvements in SG&A for the second quarter despite this challenging macro environment. I spent last week in Europe meeting with all the senior leaders across the segment and also with the regional teams in the UK and the Benelux region. I am incredibly proud of the performance of the European team in what they are delivering. And I am very excited about all the initiatives they have underway to grow the business and enhance our leading competitive position. The team’s focus and drive are outstanding and they are creating a uniquely special and market leading business. Now, let’s move on to our Specialty segment. During the second quarter, Specialty reported a decrease in organic revenue of 12.9%, which was below our expectations. There were major differences in the demand for various part types with the truck, off-road and marine categories being down less than 2%, while RV and towing related products were off substantially more than the overall segment decline. The RV portion of our specialty business was impacted by the wholesale shipment and retail sales of RVs, which were down 50% and 20% year-to-date through May respectively. We expect to see further declines in the RV market as recent industry reports project that full year 2023 wholesale shipments will be down 40% year-over-year. With that, we believe the challenges for our Specialty segment will continue in the back half of the year. Now on to our Self-Service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self-Service segment increased 4.7% in the second quarter. Self-Service was again challenged by extremely soft commodity pricing, particularly as it related to precious metals. On the corporate development front, during the quarter and recently in July, we completed some smaller, highly synergistic tuck-in acquisitions, including a U.S. based remanufacturer and distributor of OE replacement engines, marine replacement engines and high-performance trade engines, a leading independent truck parts distributor in the UK, a Holland-based automotive aftermarket parts distributor, a Belgium-based business that distributes automotive parts, paint, tools and accessories and aftermarket accessories distributor with locations in Texas and Oklahoma. Additionally, during the quarter, we divested a small non-core business in our Specialty segment. The net annualized revenue impact of these six transactions collectively is approximately $240 million. As most of you know, on February 26, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all of Uni-Select’s issued and outstanding shares for CAD48 per share in cash, representing a total enterprise value of approximately $2.1 billion. The process is on schedule and we are pleased with our progress. During the second quarter, we received the required approvals from Uni-Select’s shareholders, the Superior Court of Quebec, the antitrust regulators in the United States and in Canada. On July 21, the Competition and Markets Authority in the United Kingdom issued its Phase 1 decision on the transaction. And in response, we immediately submitted our proposed undertakings related to the divestiture of Uni-Select’s GSF car parts business in the UK for evaluation by the CMA. In light of those developments, yesterday, we waived the closing conditions relating to regulatory approvals and I am happy to announce we plan to complete the acquisition of Uni-Select on or about August 1. The pending divestiture of GSF continues to progress in accordance with our desired timeline. After we complete the customary competitive bid sale process, this CMA will complete its suitability review of our proposed buyer. Upon receipt of approval of the buyer from the CMA, we will complete the sale of GSF likely in the third quarter. Now turning to ESG. During the order, we initiated or expanded various programs that centered around our people, LKQ’s most important asset. As part of our response to our employee engagement survey, we identified that ensuring the health, safety and well-being of our employees is essential to our success. With that engagement data, we took actions. We expanded our Inspire to Thrive wellness program globally, which focuses on the physical, mental and financial well-being of our employees. We expanded the installation of dash cams across our North America and specialty fleets, a program that enhances the safety of our drivers. And at ECP, our team implemented two exciting programs, 25 by 25 and PAVE, which stands for people adding value everywhere. Both these programs are centered around our diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. Again, we implemented these programs as they are in the best interest of our employees. I could not be prouder of the continued progress on our ESG efforts, which was again validated in June by MSCI maintaining our AAA ESG rating a rating that very few companies can claim. Lastly, I am pleased to announce that on July 25, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.275 per share of common stock payable on August 31, 2023, to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 17, 2023. I will now turn the discussion over to Rick who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our outlook for 2023.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick, and welcome to everyone joining us today. The second quarter was another solid performance from the business with highlights including record high segment EBITDA margin of 20.6% in North America and at 11.5%, the highest quarterly margin in a decade for Europe, organic revenue growth in the high single digits in North America and Europe, operating improvements countering headwinds from commodity prices and interest costs. Strong free cash flow of $414 million in the quarter and the completion of a $1.4 billion bond offering to secure financing for the pending Uni-Select acquisition. I want to reiterate Nick’s thanks to the global LKQ team for delivering exceptional results in difficult conditions. To provide further details on these results, I will start with comments on segment performance. Going to Slide 10. North America continued its strong performance, posting a segment EBITDA margin of 20.6%, a 190 basis point improvement over last year. We saw gross margin improvement of 150 basis points driven by lower freight costs, pricing and productivity initiatives and a favorable mix effect with the sale of the lower-margin PGW business. Overhead expenses were favored by 40 basis points, primarily due to lower freight, vehicle and fuel expenses. With the continued strong performance in our North American segment, we believe the full year segment EBITDA margins will finish the year in the low 19% range with some moderation in the second half of 2023 with salvage margins tightening, along with some normal seasonality. Europe also delivered terrific results with a segment EBITDA margin of 11.5%, up 70 basis points from the prior year period. As seen on Slide 11, gross margin improved by 20 basis points, while overhead expenses decreased by 50 basis points with the effect of improved leverage due to the 9.8% per day organic revenue growth and emphasis on productivity initiatives on personnel costs and reduced freight costs. There are some headwinds anticipated in the second half of the year as personnel costs increased due to wage inflation. We intend to mitigate these increases through productivity initiatives, and we remain optimistic about our previously disclosed expectation for full year margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points in 2023. Moving to Slide 12. Specialty’s EBITDA margin of 9.5% declined 390 basis points compared to the prior year. Gross margin, which was down 370 basis points year-over-year is under pressure from increased price competition as inventory availability continues to improve our competitors in addition to unfavorable product mix as lower margin lines such as auto and marine have been less affected by revenue reductions. Overhead expenses were up 20 basis points, primarily from the decrease in leverage driven by organic revenue decline of 12.9% per day. The specialty team continues to take actions to align the cost structure with revenue trends, and prior restructuring efforts have provided some benefit in the second quarter to counteract the revenue softness. As you can see on Slide 13, Self Service profitability declined sequentially to 4.1% this quarter from 13.2% in the first quarter and decreased relative to the 15.3% reported in Q2 2022. Metals prices had a net negative effect on results with lower precious metal prices, representing a $50 million reduction in EBITDA and an unfavorable lag effect from sequential scrap steel price changes driving a further $5 million decline. Other revenue decreased by 28.3% in total, contributing to a reduction in operating leverage of 620 basis points. Relative to Q2 2022, the average price received for catalytic converters in Q2 2023 declined by 39% and scrap steel fell by 20%. While car cost typically move in tandem, which changes in commodity prices, we have experienced a stickiness in car costs, which were only down 12% relative to Q2 2022. These trends created a gross margin headwind in the second quarter that could persist in the second half of the year. Now for further details on the consolidated results. As mentioned, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.09 was flat to Q2 last year. Our operational performance showed strong year-over-year improvement with a net increase of $0.11 per share on an adjusted basis, driven by solid gains in North America and Europe, partially offset by the decline in the specialty business. We benefited by $0.04 due to the lower share count resulting from our share repurchases in 2022. These factors were ex of $0.08 from the impact of metal prices, as shown on Slide 27, $0.05 in higher interest expense resulting from rate increases and $0.02 due to a higher effective tax rate. On the tax rate, we applied an annual effective rate estimate of 27.0% and which is 40 basis points higher than the 26.6% in our prior guidance. The rate change is attributable to non-deductible Uni-Select transaction costs and other effects related to the Uni-Select financing. As shown on Slide 18, the Uni-Select transaction affected various parts of the second quarter financials. The income statement effects of the pre-acquisition net financing expenses and transaction costs have been excluded from adjusted diluted EPS. Once we complete the acquisition, going forward, interest expense will be reflected in adjusted diluted earnings per share. In May, we completed the offering of $1.4 billion of senior notes due in 2028 and 2033. We’re happy with the results of the offering as a first-time investment-grade issuer, obtaining financing at 5.75% and 6.25% for the 5 and 10-year maturities was an outstanding outcome. We recorded interest expense on the bonds for the period between the issuance date and the quarter end in the interest expense line on the income statement. The interest earned from the bond proceeds is reflected in interest and other income. In Q1, we hedged the interest rate risk prior to the issuance of permanent financing in the bond market. Upon issuance of the bonds, we unwind these interest rate swaps and settled by making a payment of $13 million. As these swaps qualified for hedge accounting, the loss was held on the balance sheet and will be amortized to the income statement over the life of the bonds. With the completion of the bond offering, we terminated the bridge loan facility and amortized the remaining $6 million of upfront fees in Q2. To hedge the risk related to the movements in the Canadian dollar exchange rates between signing and closing, in Q1, we entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to purchase Canadian dollars at a specified rate. These contracts had a fair value of $46 million as of June 30. And as we are not eligible for hedge accounting on these contracts, the mark-to-market gain is reflected in the income statement as a separate line item. We incurred M&A advisory costs of $6 million in the quarter, which are presented in restructuring and transaction-related expenses. Shifting to cash flows in the balance sheet. With the $1.4 billion bond offering and CAD700 million term loan, we have secured the necessary financing for the Uni-Select transaction. By completing the bond offering ahead of the deal closing, we are carrying more cash on the balance sheet than usual at $1.9 billion. If you set aside the roughly $1.4 billion earmarked for the acquisition, we have $519 million in cash and $1.2 billion of available liquidity as of June 30. As of June 30, we had total debt of $4.0 billion with a total leverage ratio of 2.3x EBITDA, which takes into account the additional debt for funding Uni-Select and none of the projected EBITDA from the acquisition. The increase in the total leverage ratio above our target range of 2.0x was expected as we disclosed in our prior Uni-Select communications. We are committed to reducing our leverage ratio below 2.0x within 18 months of closing the transaction upon achieving our target leverage ratio, we will return to our balanced capital allocation strategy, including share repurchases. Our effective borrowing rate rose to 5.3% for the quarter due to global market rate increases. The increase in the leverage ratio above the 2.0x will trigger a 12.5 basis point increase in our credit facility margin going forward. We have $1.7 billion in variable rate debt, of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps at 4.6% and 4.2% over the next 2 to 3 years, respectively. We produced $414 million in free cash flow during the quarter and at $567 million on a year-to-date basis. We remain on track for our full year estimate of approximately $975 million. Compared to the year-to-date June 2022, free cash flow was down $71 million with higher outflows from income taxes of $39 million, interest of $38 million and capital spending of $37 million. These are the three areas we highlighted as headwinds in our February call, and the actual results are playing out mostly as expected. Interest payments will be a larger headwind than originally projected because of higher interest rates and the impact of Uni-Select financing coming on to the books before the acquisition closes. As previously mentioned, we have paused our share repurchase program and directed our free cash flow to paying down debt of $131 million in the second quarter as well as tuck-in acquisitions of $27 million. Additionally, we paid a quarterly dividend of $74 million. I will conclude with our thoughts on projected 2023 results. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and recent trends and assume scrap and precious metal prices hold near June levels and the Ukraine Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on the European economy and mouse driven. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes balance of the year rates for the euro of $1.09 and the pound sterling at $1.25, in line with June rates. We expect reported organic parts and service revenue in the range of 6.0% to 7.5%. Organic growth was 6.4% through June. We decreased the high end of the range in recognition of the ongoing challenges at specialty, which is down 13% year-to-date. We expect specialty to reduce the year-over-year decline in the second half of the year, but the lower full year expectation makes reaching 8% at the consolidated level unlikely. Please note, we have 1 fewer selling day in North America, Europe in specialty in Q3. We expect adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4.10, which brings in the high end of the range from our previous estimate, while there is no change to the low end. The midpoint is now $4 per share, down $0.05 from our prior figure. We anticipate North America and Europe continue to perform ahead of prior expectations and are mitigating softness in our specialty segment, resulting in net operational growth of $0.05. However, the negative effects of declining metals prices of $0.07 and higher interest and tax expenses of $0.03 are more than offsetting this operational growth. Slide 5 shows the primary factors contributing to the EPS guidance change. There is no change to our free cash flow expectation of approximately $975 million and 55% annual EBITDA conversion, noting a portion of the Uni-Select transaction fees and pre-acquisition interest costs will have a one-time impact to free cash flow and create a headwind that we expect to overcome. To be clear, the numbers I just quoted do not include operating results for Uni-Select. We expect to close on Uni-Select on or about August 1 and assuming that timing, we are projecting the acquisition will be dilutive to adjusted diluted EPS by $0.02 to $0.04 per share in fiscal 2023. While we believe the transaction will be accretive over the first 12 months, in the early months, it is expected to be dilutive due to the integration costs and the time required to begin to achieve the synergies. Our overall expectation for the businesses have not changed, and we are excited to bring them in as part of the LKQ family. Thank you for your time today. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Rick, for that financial overview. In closing, the second quarter was another solid performance for team LKQ. I am beyond proud of the results we delivered for the first half of the year, particularly how the teams are diligently planning and positioning their respective businesses for the balance of 2023 as we continue to be challenged by certain uncontrollable dynamics. As we move into the second half of the year, let me restate our key strategic pillars, which remain central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As always, I want to thank the over 46,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our missions and our delivers values forward regardless of the challenges. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Stember of ROTH MKM. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Stember: In North America, I just wanted to touch on State Farm. I think in previous calls, you had talked about, I guess, based on those three SKUs throughout the country, about $100 million in benefit, getting a lot of questions from investors about what the potential is with California and Arizona now going fully live with the whole program.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. I’ll take that. Obviously, we are delighted by the movement State Farm is making in terms of utilizing our high-quality aftermarket parts, new pair of policyholders vehicles. You’re correct. We previously mentioned that the upside from headlights, tail lights and bumper covers was about $70 million to $100 million on an annual basis once everything gets up and running. We are tracking toward that number. So quite frankly, probably towards the midpoint as there appears to be a little bit of cannibalization on the salvage side in addition to the significant cannibalization on the OEM parts side. These three-part types represent the highest volume of aftermarket parts as almost every collision requires the replacement of lights and bumper covers. If you think about three equal sized baskets, Scott, of lighting, bumpers and everything else, adding everything else to the bucket would add another 50% or so to our original estimate, which would push you towards somewhere in the $125 million to $150 million on an annual basis over time. Now that’s probably a little bit higher than some preliminary guesstimates that some of you have had likely due to the fact that State Farm will only use CAPA-certified parts. And CAPA parts only represent about $1 billion of our overall aftermarket sales. When you add on top of that, that the $1 billion includes chrome bumpers, basically bumpers for pickup trucks that State Farm has been using for the last several years. So if you apply, roughly there is 16% to 17% market share on that lower base, you get back to that $125 million to $150 million on an annual basis of incremental revenue over time. So that’s the number that we’re comfortable with right now. I would also say that, that’s a very nice revenue pickup. And because there is a limited amount of required SG&A to deliver all those incremental parts, we think there will be really good margins on that incremental State Farm business.
Scott Stember: So that $125 million to $150 million, is that an all-in number? Or that’s an additional amount just for California and Arizona?
Nick Zarcone: No. That’s all in. Again, everything else is about third of the bucket lights are about third and bumper covers or about third.
Rick Galloway: The pilot, Scott, won’t mean much for us as a product to the pilot. So we’re – the numbers that Nick just quoted are assuming they go live at some point in time.
Scott Stember: Okay. I am sorry for blithering the point here, but does that assume that the whole country goes live with all parts 100%?
Nick Zarcone: Yes.
Scott Stember: Okay. Got it. And maybe just walk over to Europe for a second. Obviously, tremendous growth there, it sounds like the volume has picked up nicely. Maybe just talk about some of the things that are really pushing growth there? I know that you guys are taking share and doing a better job. But are you seeing signs of the countercyclical nature of the business to kick in?
Nick Zarcone: I wouldn’t say countercyclical, Scott. I mean the reality is the economies in Europe are in much worse shape than the U.S. economy. If you just look at some of the published statistics, Germany is in a recession, they have had two quarters now of negative GDP growth. The UK is probably the worst off of any of the economies, the impact of the war, the impact of energy prices inflation. While inflation has come down a bit in the U.S., inflation is hanging pretty high over in Europe. And quite frankly, that’s having an impact on the consumer. The fact that we are continuing to grow our business, both from a volume perspective and a price perspective tells us that while may not be countercyclical, we are more than holding our own as it relates to the overall economic backdrop in Europe. Again, good growth, we are highly confident that what this means is, over time the car park is going to age. And if you talk to anybody in our business, an older car is our friend. So, we think that longer term, these soft economic conditions in Europe will actually bode to our favor.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Rick, I had a question for you. North American fulfillment rates, is there any way to quantify the year-over-year increase you saw this quarter? And then how long do you expect tailwinds from that improving fulfillment rate to impact North American organic growth?
Rick Galloway: Yes, it’s a good question. Thanks – Craig, thanks for the question. Fulfillment rates are back to the mid-90s, which is kind of our target, as we have kind of talked in the past, we were low-90s when we think about where we were just a year ago in Q2, actually, we are in high-80s as I am looking at the numbers, and so we have got about 5 points of improvement. As far as quantification, the difficulty in doing that is that it’s a bit of a mixed bag. So, I would hate to quote what the overall benefit was as far as dollars go. As there is a little bit of a movement, and we have talked about this before between the salvage side and the aftermarket. So, there has been a little bit of a flip. So, when some of the volume went away from aftermarket when the availability wasn’t there, it went over to salvage. It’s kind of gone back the other way. So, we are happy with where we are at. We don’t think we need to go much more of where we are at as we are continuing to balance the free cash flow impacts of holding the additional inventories.
Craig Kennison: Thanks. And as you look at like Q3 and Q4 and then 2024, do you still expect tailwinds, or do you think that has abated from a year-over-year perspective?
Rick Galloway: Yes. I think were minor improvements, but nothing that’s going to be meaningful for us at this time. I mean we are back to not quite where we were pre-pandemic, but I mean it’s really, really close.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: With a bit more visibility now, I guess of the Uni-Select business, could you talk about how you see the synergies having a North American mechanical business in Canada?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, as we outlined back in late February when we announced the transaction, Bret, we are highly confident that there is $55 million of cost synergies that we will be able to get our hands on over the first kind of 3 years post-transaction. Most of that will come in the second year with only a few of those dollars needing a full 3 years to access. We are going to start the process just as soon as we can and trying to deliver the synergies very quickly. And again, there is facility savings. There are some procurement benefits and kind of all the corporate overhead and the like that we don’t need. And so nothing has changed from the presentation that we gave everybody back on February 27th, 28th, when we announced the transaction. Again, we are highly confident in our ability to do that. Obviously, much of the synergies are going to come in the U.S. That’s where the FinishMaster operations and our paint operations overlap. That’s where a lot of the synergies come from. We have no plans on eliminating, changing or shutting down facilities up in Canada because we don’t do what they do in Canada today, right. They are distributing small mechanical parts. That’s the business that we have over in Europe. We do think that there will be benefits, revenue benefits that we can glean by broadening out their product line, giving them some incremental inventory to cover all car types that are used up in Canada by giving them some capital to grow their business. But none of that is included in the $55 million of benefits that we outlined when we announced the transaction.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then you didn’t mention Leadtech [ph] in your prepared remarks. Could you give us an update on the third-party diagnostics developments?
Nick Zarcone: Leadtech, yes, so we love our services business. The reality is it’s growing about 25% a year, which is obviously significantly higher than any of our other businesses, and it has really strong margins. And so we are very, very happy about that. I mean if you look at some industry data, about 75% of all repairs at the MSOs are scanning the car for some of that technology. And about 18% of the repairs actually have some sort of calibration work being done on the vehicles. Now the 18% may sound low, but you got to remember that there is only a – today, there is only a small portion of the car park that has all the technology on it. Average price of a scan is running about $140. Average price of the calibration is running close to $400. And so it is a really attractive business. And the market is going to continue to grow because every year, there are simply more cars out on the roads with some of that more advanced technology on the car. That’s where we got into the business several years ago. We have created what we believe is a market-leading offering, providing a high level of service to our existing customers. By providing some of those services actually in their shops, and we are optimistic about the future.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Butler: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Brian.
Brian Butler: Just when you think about specialty, it doesn’t sound like there is a bounce from the bottom, but do you feel like we have kind of reached the bottom and how to think about where the margins ultimately settle out, maybe kind of back half of ‘23 and then thinking about ‘24?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, it’s – we are not predicting that we are at the bottom yet. The reality, it’s been a rough couple of quarters for our specialty business. We have not seen a catalyst that that’s going to turn quickly. Obviously, as we start to get into 2024, we have got better, easier comps that we will be working against. And so the numbers from a growth perspective may not look as soft, but from an absolute dollar perspective, we are not anticipating a significant uptick. The good news is they did some restructuring earlier in the year. They are going aggressively at their cost structure. And so the month of June, they were actually back to double-digit margins even though they weren’t there for the quarter. And so I would suggest that margins in and around the 10% range. It’s something that we are striving to achieve even though the revenues may be challenged now for several more quarters.
Brian Butler: Alright. That’s helpful. Thank you very much. And second question, how do you bridge the free cash flow outlook staying the same with the higher interest expense, what’s offsetting that?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So, if you look at the overall pieces that we have got, the trade working capital for us has been a nice improvement. We continue to see a nice improvement. We saw a really good improvement within Q2 as well. And then the earnings side is the other side of it. So, we are really happy with where we ended up in Q2. Overall, trade working capital improved roughly a little less than $180 million, and we expect to continue to drive that throughout the rest of the year.
Brian Butler: Thank you.
Operator: We now have the next question from the line of Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Gary.
Rick Galloway: Good morning Gary.
Gary Prestopino: A couple of questions here. With your – some of the puts and takes on your adjusted EPS guidance, the changes here, which is rather minimal. But in looking at it, it looks like this does not really impact the consolidated segment EBITDA or the consolidated EBITDA that you generate for the year. Is that kind of a correct assumption? It looks like there will be very little impact from these – some of these changes.
Rick Galloway: The metals will be an impact. But you are right, on the interest side – on the taxes side, those will be avoided. But the metals impact, you should feather that in.
Gary Prestopino: Right. But you are also getting $0.05 from operating results, right?
Rick Galloway: Yes, exactly. And it’s roughly the same, Gary. I mean it’s minimal as far as the difference go on the EBITDA side.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. And then Nick, could you – it seems like Varun has got things really humming over in Europe. Could you maybe talk about some of the actions that they have taken over there that have led to the margin improvement and the segment EBITDA generation in the quarter that were at record levels?
Nick Zarcone: As Rick indicated, a lot of the focus came on SG&A. We – of the 70 basis point improvement, I think we split 20 basis points in gross margin and 50 basis points in SG&A. So, taking a really hard look across all of our platforms to make sure that we are doing the best job possible to control our overhead expenses. Now, when you have 9.8% per day organic revenue growth, that helps. But make no mistake, Gary, the inflationary environment, as I indicated over in Europe, is much more intense than it is here in the U.S. And so they have needed productivity gains to offset a lot of that increase and allow us to actually get to a lower SG&A percent as it relates compared to revenues. Rick did indicate that we have got some wage inflation coming at us in Europe in the second half of the year. We know that already. Certain other countries, particularly the Netherlands has another wage increase coming at them. We experienced already a couple of days strike in Germany as the unions over there and the work consoles have their members to use short-term strikes to try and position for better wages. And so those are all things we are going to have to deal with in the second half of the year.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hi. Good morning everybody. Thanks for taking my question.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Daniel.
Rick Galloway: Good morning Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Rick, I want to start on North American EBITDA margins. Obviously, I think you had guided earlier this year that was set down as smaller competitors got inventory and may be used price to get share back, but they have held in much stronger. So, I guess what’s playing out differently than you thought? Are smaller peers being more rational, or is there something else driving North American wholesale margin up to offset some of that price competition?
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks for the question, Daniel. It’s a combination of several different things. One is productivity initiatives have been something that we focused on for a while that are helping to offset any of the risks we are seeing on the pricing side. The other thing is that competition, we believe has a decent amount of inventory and has been pretty good about holding pricing. So, we haven’t been looking at a drop in the pricing piece as we were kind of expecting earlier. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, as we think about the back half of the year, there is a little bit more seasonality than anything else and kind of pulling away from the idea of how bad – how low could the margins go relative to where they are at right now. We are just not seeing it. So, I think productivity is one of the biggest things that is offsetting that. And we are continuing to drive it. So, we think we will end up in the low-19s for the full year number as we are coming into the back half of the year.
Daniel Imbro: Thank you for that color. And then maybe a related follow-up on North America, I think Nick, you mentioned 400 basis points of APU improvement. That should have been on a guess just a nice tailwind to volume, but could you break out the 8.5% comp? How much was ticket versus like more ticket growth versus more traffic growth? And then are you seeing any change in OEM pricing? I think that’s an investor concern out there as OEM production picks up. So, how is that side of the pricing backdrop been related to the traffic first ticket discussion?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. North America, more than half of the year-over-year growth of volume, which is really good to see. Obviously, a lot of that has to do with the aftermarket volume, as we talked about, having the inventory in stock, getting the fulfillment rates up, the State Farm program, all that leads to higher volumes. And the OEs, they have kept – generally kept their prices steady. They certainly haven’t dropped prices. And we don’t think that they will. They have never shown a propensity to lower prices, if you will. I mean there was a period of time where they didn’t increase prices for quite a bit. And then they started like everyone else, with inflation and everything else, we are taking some prices up. And so we did – we follow their tracks. So, our expectation is that they are going to keep pricing pretty moderate here going forward, and we will just continue to sell it at a discount to the OE list as we have done forever. People shouldn’t anticipate any significant movement on behalf of the OEs or that having an impact on our pricing.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Nick Zarcone for closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Nick Zarcone: Well, I would certainly like to thank everyone for your time and your attention this morning. Again, we are very proud of the Q2 results that we were able to report earlier today, and we are looking forward, obviously, to the back half of the year. We certainly look forward to chatting with you again in late October when we announce our third quarter results. And until then, I hope you all have a wonderful fun into your summer. Thank you everyone.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Joe Boutross: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC this morning. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Qs in the coming days. And with that I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter and then Rick will dive into the financial details before I come back with a few closing remarks. On February 28th, the company kicked off a year-long celebration of our 25th anniversary by ringing the opening bell at NASDAQ. The celebration is focused on our 25-year history, our customers, our employees, the communities that we serve, and further energizing our global team about our future. Following this initial celebration, we hosted leadership conferences in both North America and Europe for key leaders across each of our operating segments, where we all had a chance to celebrate educate and collaborate on our past successes and share the excitement of what the future holds for LKQ. While we've had a great run since 1998, I am highly confident that the next 25 years will be even better. As an organization we have always held a core set of values that has helped us achieve our success and created the LKQ we are today. Like all aspects of life, change is inevitable and as an organization it's critical that we advance our values forward to lay the foundation for the next 25 years. Keeping us moving forward, during the quarter, I had the pleasure to announce our updated values for the future. Values that unite our global enterprise as a cohesive and focused One LKQ and that will serve as a single guide to ensure we deliver on the promises we hold true for all constituents. The values are development, excellence, leadership, integrity and trust, value-added, embracing change, resourceful, and sustainability. Simply put, it spells DELIVERS. Expanding on the word DELIVERS the One LKQ team across the globe delivered a solid first quarter performance and an outstanding start to 2023. During the quarter, our two largest segments North America and Europe exceeded our expectations as our teams embraced our operational excellence initiatives. The first quarter of 2023 started the year where 2022 left off as the resilience of our business shine through a myriad of uncontrollable headwinds ranging from economic softness, inflation, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, energy cost spikes, and a war in Europe. The continuation of exceptional organic revenue growth and strong margins in our North American and European segments more than offset the impact of the headwinds experienced by our specialty and self-service segments. The variance in performance across our operating segments this quarter validates our long-term diversification strategy both with respect to geography and product and speaks to the true strength of our organization and our portfolio of businesses. Now on to the first quarter 2023 results and year-over-year comparisons. Revenue was $3.3 billion in the first quarter for both 2023 and 2022. Parts and services organic revenue increased 7.9% on a reported basis and 7.1% on a per day basis. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by 3.3% and foreign exchange rates decreased revenue by a further 3% for total parts and services revenue increase of 1.5%. Other revenue fell 19.2% in the first quarter of 2023 primarily due to weaker precious metal prices relative to the same period in 2022. Net income was $270 million in Q1 of this year as compared to $269 million last year as better operating results more than offset the negative impacts related to soft foreign currency exchange rates, higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate. Adjusted net income was $279 million in Q1 of 2023 as compared to $287 million last year a decrease of 2.8%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.01 in Q1 of this year compared to $0.94 last year an increase of 7.4%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in Q1 was $1.04 this year as compared to $1 even last year an increase of 4%. The increases in earnings per share relative to the changes in net income illustrate the positive impact of our historical share repurchase activity. Let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from slide 7 organic revenue for parts and services in North America increased 14.4% on a reported basis, a record first quarter performance. North America also reported its highest quarterly segment EBITDA margin on record. Rick will cover the segment level margin details shortly. We continue to perform well in North America especially when you consider that according to CCC collision liability-related auto claims were down 4.4% year-over-year in the first quarter. Our growth was balanced between price and volume improvements the latter of which was particularly evident in the aftermarket product line which was the result of two factors: first, having largely worked through the industry supply chain issues and having proper levels of inventory enabled us to get back to our historical level of fulfillment rates. Second, the impact of the State Farm program is unfolding nicely and building demand for aftermarket headlights, taillights and bumper covers. This upward trend in our aftermarket sales volumes is consistent with a general rise in APU which approached pre-pandemic levels in the first quarter. I am pleased to say that the increase in APU also included an uptick in the recycled parts category increasing 150 basis points year-over-year. Combined aftermarket and recycled parts have witnessed nearly a 500 basis point improvement in APU since the first quarter of 2022. The value proposition of alternative parts is gaining share from OEs as insurance carriers face both catastrophic losses from all the storm activity in the quarter and premium pressures as policyholders are tightening up their spending in the midst of an ongoing soft economy. Total loss rates increased slightly in the first quarter to about 19%. But as you can see it appears that total losses had little to no impact on our organic growth. Based on industry research, we expect total loss rates to end the year in the range of 18% to 19% as the market absorbs the recent increase in used car prices as we've entered 2023. Now moving on to our European segment. Europe organic revenue for parts and services in the quarter increased 9.7% on a reported basis and 8.2% on a per day basis, which represents the best first quarter per day organic revenue growth since 2016 when we were a much smaller organization and operating in only six European countries as compared to over 20 today. I'd also like to highlight that Europe's segment EBITDA margin was the highest first quarter level since 2016. During the first quarter, we saw high single-digit to low double-digit reported organic growth in each of our key operating geographies. In particular our Benelux, German and Eastern European operations performed exceptionally well. The revenue growth reflected a combination of positive movements in both price and volume. We believe we are continuing to take share in these large and highly fragmented markets. The European team is laser focused on the cost structure including rationalizing headcount to create a more nimble and agile team and focusing on a narrow and actionable list of key projects. With that operational focus, the European team delivered the lowest first quarter SG&A level since 2017, notwithstanding, a challenging inflationary environment. Additionally, the European team began the integration of the Rhenoy salvage and remanufacturing acquisition that we announced during the last earnings call. In addition, we are ramping up our location count in France with the opening of a distribution center in Marseille earlier this month, bringing our total location count in France to seven. Now let's move on to our specialty segment. During the first quarter specialty reported a decrease in organic revenue of 13%, which was below our expectations. The RV portion of our specialty business was impacted by the wholesale shipment and retail unit sales of RVs, which are down 57.7% and down 23.7% year-to-date through February respectively. We expect to see further declines in the RV market as recent industry reports project that full year 2023 wholesale shipments will be down about 34% year-over-year. So we believe that the challenges for our specialty segment will continue throughout 2023. As we work through the balance of the year, our efforts will be focused on the RV repair and service as RV usage rates remain strong and the ongoing growth in light vehicle sales by building the right inventory to service this market space. Truck off-road and performance parts revenue are also down on a year-over-year basis but less than what we are seeing in the RV sector. Notably specialties marine business posted organic growth of 10.4% in the quarter and we are gaining share in this attractive market. Despite the industry-wide headwinds and the cyclical nature of this segment there is no one in the SEMA or RV distribution space that has such a talented team and has the experience and Lean Six Sigma capabilities to effectively manage through a down cycle. Now on to our self-service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our self-service segment increased 4.9% in the first quarter. Self-service was again challenged by soft commodity pricing particularly as it related to precious metals, which manifested itself in a significant drop in the value received for recycled catalytic converters. We believe that the challenges for self-service will persist for the balance of the year as well. While the rate of inflation is coming down across the globe, inflation continues to impact all of our businesses. Our teams are doing an effective job of getting price relief where possible and are using productivity improvements to offset the negative impact of the increased cost. Regarding labor, our open positions in North America dropped by 20% since year-end but the challenges with turnover have not abated. The labor market in North America is still overheated and we are pushing wages and selected benefits to combat the issue. In Europe, we are also countering the labor tightness with wage increases to retain our employees and we have maintained low turnover levels in the first quarter. On the corporate development front, as most of you know, on February 27th we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all of Uni-Select's issued and outstanding shares for CAD 48 per share in cash representing a total enterprise value of approximately US$2.1 billion. Uni-Select is a leader in the distribution of automotive refinish and industrial coatings and related products in North America through its FinishMaster segment. In the automotive aftermarket parts business Uni-Select operates through its Canadian Automotive Group segment up in Canada and through its GSF Car Parts segment in the U.K. Today is Uni-Select's Special Shareholder Meeting and the final day that its shareholders may cast their votes on the transaction. So we don't yet have a final report. Considering that both ISS and Glass Lewis published reports supporting the transaction and that approximately 20% of Uni-Select shareholders entered into voting agreements to approve the transaction as part of signing of the acquisition agreement back in February. We are highly confident that Uni-Select shareholders will approve the transaction. We have submitted applications for approvals to the various regulatory authorities in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. And at this time all the regulatory reviews are proceeding according to plan. Both the FTC in the United States and the Competitive Bureau in Canada have until May 11, 2023 to determine whether to issue a second request for information. To address any regulatory concerns in the U.K., we have commenced a process to sell Uni-Select GSF Car Parts business. Our adviser has started the buyer outreach process. And while we can't say much at this time, we are pleased with the initial interest level in the asset. Ultimately, we hope to receive the required approvals and to complete the Uni-Select acquisition in the second half of this year. Now let's turn to ESG. During the first quarter we focused our people efforts on various social initiatives and in particular education for both our employees and importantly their families as they face the increasing cost of education. Recently we enhanced two existing educational programs available to LKQ employees. The Joseph Holsten Scholarship Fund established over a decade ago provides grants to the children of our employees to assist with post high school educational expenses. Prior to 2022 the fund was only available to our North American team, but we expanded the program to include our entire global organization. Our goal is to distribute at least $1 million of scholarships in 2023. Additionally, in Q1 of this year we increased our North American employee tuition reimbursement program by 100%. Our people are the biggest asset at LKQ and programs like the two I just mentioned are critical to enhancing employee engagement which in turn supports the continued success of our business. Importantly, we are honored and proud to be part of the educational development and personal growth of our employees and their families. We look forward to issuing our 2023 CSR before the end of the second quarter, a report that will expand our sustainability disclosures across many aspects of our global enterprise. Lastly, before I turn the discussion over to Rick, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our outlook for 2023 I am pleased to announce that on April 25th, 2023 our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.275 per share of common stock payable on June 1st 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on May 18th.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick and good morning to everyone joining us today. We're very pleased with the start to the year as our first quarter results highlight strong revenue growth and profitability. Our two largest segments North America and Europe generated above-expectation revenue growth and margins as our operational excellence initiatives continued to yield benefits. The Specialty and Self-service segments underperformed in the quarter as market conditions continue to produce headwinds for both businesses. Overall, we are pleased with the good start to the year and are on track to deliver on our full year guidance. As discussed on our February call in Q1, we replaced our prior credit facility which included a $3.15 billion revolver with a new unsecured facility, including a $500 million term loan and $2.0 billion revolver. We feel good about the new facility and our ability to fund our operating needs over the next five years at a competitive rate structure. Free cash flow generation remains solid noting that the quarterly phasing will be weighted more to the balance of the year than we've seen in the past couple of years when phasing was impacted by the pandemic and supply chain disruptions. The pending Uni-Select acquisition was a source of significant activity during the quarter with due diligence, deal negotiations and post-announcement financing activities. Nick provided an update on the transaction status, and I'll highlight the Uni-Select impacts on our first quarter financials. Turning now to first quarter results starting with segment performance. Going to slide 9. North America continued its strong performance posting a record first quarter segment EBITDA margin of 20.5%, a 240 basis point improvement over last year. We saw gross margin improvement of 190 basis points driven by lower freight costs, a favorable mix effect, with the sale of the lower-margin PGW business in 2022 and benefits from pricing and productivity initiatives. Overhead expenses were flat with lower freight vehicle and fuel expenses mostly offset by higher charitable contributions. The segment also reported a 50 basis point improvement in other income, mostly related to a non-recurring settlement of an eminent domain matter. While we believe there will be some moderation in segment EBITDA margin in upcoming quarters as the benefits of the 2022 price increases fall away the strong start to 2023 has improved our margin outlook to be in the 18s for the year. Europe also delivered a strong result with a segment EBITDA margin of 9.7% up 90 basis points from the prior year. As seen on slide 10, gross margin was flat while overhead expenses decreased by 90 basis points with the effects of improved leverage due to the 8.2% per day organic revenue growth and an emphasis on productivity initiatives on personnel costs. We remain optimistic about our previously disclosed expectation for full year margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points in 2023. Moving to slide 11. Specialty's EBITDA margin of 7.9 declined 470 basis points compared to the prior year. Gross margin was down 320 basis points year-over-year is under pressure from increased price competition as inventory availability continues to improve for our competitors discounting to increased sales volumes, and unfavorable product mix as low margin lines such as auto and marine have been less affected by revenue reductions. Overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue were up 150 basis points, primarily coming from the decrease in leverage driven by an organic revenue decline of 13.5% per day with impacts on personnel facility and distribution costs. The macroeconomic headwinds and the resulting effects on RV demand are expected to be an ongoing challenge for specialty, and we're forecasting a full year decrease in both segment EBITDA dollars and margin percentage. As you can see on slide 12, Self-Service profitability improved sequentially to 13.2% this quarter from 5.2% in the fourth quarter, but decreased by 680 basis points compared to Q1 2022. Metals prices had a net negative effect on results with lower precious metals prices more than offsetting lag benefits from sequential steel scrap price increases. Metal revenue decreased by 22.8% in total contributing to a reduction in operating leverage of 450 basis points. While car costs typically move in tandem with changes in commodity prices we have experienced a stickiness in car cost as precious metal prices have declined which created a gross margin headwind in Q1 that could persist in future quarters. On to the consolidated results, we reported diluted earnings per share of $1.01 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.04 the latter of which is $0.04 increase relative to Q4 last year. Our operational performance showed strong year-over-year improvement and was slightly ahead of our expectations as strength in North America and Europe offset underperformance in Specialty and Self-service reflecting challenging market conditions. The operating improvements resulted in an increase of $0.13 per share on an adjusted basis. We benefited by $0.05 due to the lower share count resulting from our share repurchases in 2022. These factors more than offset unfavorable year-over-year effects of $0.04 from the impacts of metals prices as shown on Slide 19 $0.04 in higher interest expense resulting from rate increases excluding the Uni-Select costs $0.02 from foreign currency effects caused by the stronger dollar $0.02 resulting from the divestiture of PGW in Q2 2022 and $0.02 due to a higher effective tax rate. On the tax rate, we applied an annual effective rate estimate of 26.6%, which is 30 basis points higher than the 26.3% rate in our prior guidance. The rate change is attributable to nondeductible Uni-Select transaction costs and a shift in the geographic distribution of income. As shown on Slide 17, the Uni-Select transaction affected various parts of the first quarter financials. We entered into a bridge loan facility to ensure committed financing was available for the Uni-Select transaction and incurred upfront fees of $9 million. Interest expense for the first quarter includes $3 million of amortization of these fees. The remainder will be amortized over the expected term of the facility likely before year-end. Note that we excluded the amortization from adjusted diluted EPS. To hedge the risk related to movements in the Canadian dollar exchange rate between signing, and closing we entered into FX forward contracts to purchase Canadian dollars at a specified rate. These contracts had a fair value of $23 million as of March 31. And as we are not eligible for hedge accounting on these contracts the mark-to-market gain is reflected on the income statement as a separate line item. Note that this gain is also excluded from adjusted diluted EPS. We incurred M&A advisory costs of $10 million in the quarter which are presented in restructuring and transaction related costs -- related expenses. Consistent with our historical practice these costs are excluded from adjusted diluted EPS. We also hedged the risk of movement in interest rates prior to the issuance of permanent financing in the bond market. These interest rate swaps had a negative fair value -- fair market value of $22 million and these swaps did qualify for hedge accounting. The mark-to-market adjustment was recorded to the balance sheet and there was no income statement activity in the quarter. We secured a delayed draw three-year term loan for CAD 700 million that will fund on the day prior to closing. Shifting to cash flow and the balance sheet. We produced $153 million of free cash flow during the quarter which is in line with our expectations and we remain on track for our full year estimate of approximately $975 million. As mentioned, we expect 2023 cash phasing to be different than in the past few years with higher weighting towards Q2 to Q4. By comparison in Q1 2022 free cash flow was $350 million, which we indicated was high as a result of timing. Recent years were particularly volatile in terms of cash flow timing as inventory levels came in 2020 in response to the pandemic-driven market conditions and then were built back up toward normal operating levels in 2021 and '22 where we elected to pay suppliers early to secure delivery of inventories during the supply chain disruptions. We're optimistic supply chain commissions will continue to stabilize in 2023 which should help to smooth some of the cash flow timing volatility going forward. Further impacting the year-over-year comparison we began to see the projected increase in interest rates which were $18 million higher in Q1 2022 and capital expenditures up $11 million over the prior year. Income tax payments increased $6 million in the first quarter and we anticipate a larger uptick beginning Q2 when we have two quarterly estimated U.S. federal payments. As of March 31 we had total debt of $2.7 billion with a total leverage ratio of 1.6 times EBITDA, which is comfortably inside our target range of below two times. Our effective borrowing rate rose to 4.7% for the quarter due to the market rate hikes in the U.S. and Europe. We have $1.8 billion in variable rate debt of which $700 million has been fixed with interest rate swaps of 4.6% and 4.2% over the next two to three years respectively. In the first quarter we repurchased roughly 100,000 shares for $5 million and paid a quarterly dividend totaling $74 million. As discussed in the Uni-Select call, we will emphasize debt repayments over share repurchases to reduce total leverage ratio prior to the closing date. I will conclude with our current thoughts on projected 2023 results. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metals prices hold near March prices and the Ukraine-Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on the European economy and miles driven. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes recent European rates with balance of the year rates for the euro of $1.08 and the pound sterling at $1.23. We will not include any results for the Uni-Select business until the closing date. Our full year guidance metrics on slide 4 remain unchanged from the Q4 earnings call. We still expect reported organic parts and service revenue in the range of 6% to 8%, organic growth of 7.9% in Q1 includes an extra selling day in Europe, which we will give up in the balance of the year in addition to one fewer selling day in North America and Specialty in Q3. The first quarter per day figure of 7.1% is near the midpoint of the range. We still expect adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4.20. As I mentioned, North America and Europe are performing ahead of expectations offsetting the softness in Specialty and self-service including precious metal prices and the higher effective tax rate. The free cash flow expectation of approximately $975 million and 55% annual EBITDA conversion remain in place noting that a portion of the Uni-Select transaction fees will have a onetime impact to free cash flow and create a headwind. We will provide a full update on all guidance metrics once the Uni-Select transaction closes. Thanks for your time this morning. With that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments. 
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Rick for that financial overview. In closing, the first quarter was a great start to 2023 that again validated the strength of our strategy, our business model and most importantly our people. As we continue to progress through 2023, let me restate our key strategic pillars, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. We will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. And we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn gives us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As always, I want to thank the over 45,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our mission and our delivers values forward regardless of the challenges. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is open. 
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, Good morning, guys. Thanks taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Nick, I want to turn to the North American organic growth side. Obviously really strong on a headline basis. I'm curious were there any noticeable industry changes that drove that whether it was a step-up in alternative part usage from State Farm faster than expected? Was there pent-up demand that got filled by the improved auction availability you talked about in the slides. Just trying to reconcile the big step-up on both a two year and a three year tax basis for the organic growth in the quarter?
Nick Zarcone: Great question. Obviously, the demand in North America is ultimately driven by the need for parts to repair collision-damaged vehicles. We do that with both aftermarket parts and recycled parts. As disclosed, we are benefiting a bit from the price actions that we took last year. And so average selling prices are up a little bit, 2023 over 2022, but volumes are up as well. And that as I indicated in my prepared remarks it's really driven by a couple of items. One is we finally have our inventories where we need them to be. And so fulfillment rates are back in north of 90% on the aftermarket product which is terrific. And the State Farm program is starting to kick in. We talked about in the Q4 – Q4 call that we thought that would be somewhere in the $80 million to $100 million benefit for 2023 for LKQ. We're right on track to hit that. That's what we built into our expectations for the year. And State Farm, we knew was not going to be like turning the lights switch on. It was going to take time for that to build and it's building. I mean the reality is APU for the industry in the first quarter was about where it was back in 2018 and 2019. which is terrific. It obviously dipped quite a bit during the height of the pandemic and the shortage of aftermarket supply but we're back to good levels of APU, which is terrific. We believe we're continuing to take share. And there are longer term there are other metrics that bode in our favor. The cars are being built in a more complex manner. The average number of parts needed to repair a vehicle has increased by about 2.5 parts over the last five years. The average cost of those parts has gone up. And again we think APUs are going to continue to drive north particularly with the benefit of State Farm. And nobody is better positioned to capitalize on those trends than LKQ, because we're the largest distributor of aftermarket collision parts in North America. We are the largest distributor of recycled parts aftermarket -- or recycled collision parts in North America, the volumes on the mechanical side of salvage were off a little bit. And actually the volumes on the collision side salvage were off a little bit in the first quarter, but that just has to do with the fact that we were -- during the height of the pandemic and the constraints within our aftermarket inventory, we were the only player in the market where we were able to shift a little bit of that -- those requests over to salvage parts. And we talked about that in our past calls. And in this quarter, you got a little bit of that swinging back the other way. But we feel very good about how we're positioned in our North American operation. We believe that the future is bright. The growth is good. And we're going to go continue to take as much share as we can get.
Daniel Imbro: I appreciate all that color Nick. And maybe I'll stay on North America with the little margin. Just clarifier, I think the North American margin over 20% was good to see. You got a 80 bps of a tailwind from freight in the quarter. I would assume you guys have locked in some of those. So would that kind of tailwind continue? And then similarly to follow-up on what you just talked about with growth staying so strong. Would maybe your expectations for North American margins to be higher this year than we talked about a few months ago just given growth is coming in faster than expected?
Rick Galloway: Yeah. I appreciate the question Daniel. So good question. You're spot on. So during part of the prepared remarks, I talked about our expectations for the year will be elevated for our North American operations with the 20.5% EBITDA that they delivered just fantastic results from the team. Some of that will come back through pricing as we talked about, but we're comfortable saying we'll be within the 18s now. And we were guiding a little bit lower than that if you recall a couple of months ago as we were going to finish out the year, we don't think we'll finish out the year near as low as that. And it's really -- as you start thinking about that freight that freight -- when we looked at that year-over-year there was a pretty significant increase in freight in Q1 and that went away starting in Q2 last year. And so year-over-year there's a pretty nice benefit. That benefit almost goes away when we look at Q2 as we had already locked in some rates and there wasn't this excess freight is what we call it here there was excess freight on the ocean deliveries that really mitigated when we got into Q2. So still good results. I expect those to continue, but we will see a little bit of a tightening but not near as much Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Well, congrats to Justin and everyone on the team and a good luck going forward.
Rick Galloway: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: Switch over to Europe now. Could you talk about the 8.2% growth per day, breaking it out on price and units? And then as a follow-up to that you called out Benelux, Germany and Eastern Europe as very strong. Could you give us some performance spread to the UK and Italian business? And maybe talk about the cadence that you saw in the quarter as it progressed?
Nick Zarcone: Sure. We are thrilled with the performance of our European business again on a per day basis over 8%, 9% on a reported basis. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, every geography was either in high single-digits or low double-digits. And we haven't seen a scenario like that for quite some time. Again we called out a couple of the higher performers being Benelux, Germany, and Central and Eastern Europe. But that doesn't mean that the rest of the team underperformed. Indeed they were in that high single-digit area. And it was a mix of price and volume. Again when inflation hit hard we did the best we could to get ahead of the curve because if you don't, inflation will eat your life from the inside out. I'm so proud of the efforts by our teams over the last couple of years to make sure that we were able to get ahead of that. But there was some good volumes comparisons. And look the first quarter of 2022 was a good quarter, but wasn't off the charts and so we had a pretty good comparison to go after. And we're optimistic that Europe will continue to produce good solid results. Again we're not anticipating 9% growth for the entire year for the European team. So, it may come in a little bit as we move through the next few quarters as the organization really picked up some momentum towards the back half of last year. The cadence through the quarter I mean there was we don't give monthly results, but it was solid and the second quarter is off to a decent start albeit we're 20 some days into the quarter and we still got a long way to go. What we're particularly pleased with our European business Bret is the margins. Margins are up 90 basis points from where they were in Q1 of last year. And the revenue growth is great. We want to bring that down to the bottom-line because [Indiscernible] revenue doesn't do anything for an organization. And the reality is we've got the best margins in the European theater. When you look at it on an apples-to-apples US GAAP to US GAAP basis nobody has our level of EBITDA margins and we're very proud of that. 
Bret Jordan: Great. Yes it's looking good. And then one last question on the specialty business. Obviously sort of similar cadence question but starting to see some maybe softening in the U.S. consumer. Could you talk about the trajectory of that business through the quarter?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, I mean it started off the year soft and ended the first quarter soft and that's why we've been very upfront with the same. We're not expecting any great turnarounds for the back of the year and it's going to come in below our original expectations and what was in our original guidance that we set back in the February call. We don't see any particular catalyst. And again all part types are not equal. As we mentioned the softer product lines include RV what's no pun intended, but what's attached to the RV volumes is towing product think about hitches and the like because every time somebody goes to get a brand new RV if it's a towable they need a hitch on their truck or their car, right? And so when new unit sales go down demand for towing product goes down. And so those are two product categories that are softest. The traditional SEMA product and the performance products again are down a little bit year-over-year. We think that's just the fact that they were so high in 2021 and 2022, but not down nearly as much as our RV product set. And then as Rick indicated, Marine is actually up a bit which is terrific. Important is that the specialty team is not taking it all sitting down. They've got a lot of programs particularly focused on productivity. They're adjusting the footprint their footprint of what they do. They -- we've already consolidated our fab tech California operation into our Fab 4 South Carolina operation. So, we're going to save some money there. We have dramatically reduced inventory in that business, to really align the working capital along with the current and anticipated revenue trends. We sold a very small underperforming business, to the former owner. But at the same time, this market in Specialty is going to provide us some opportunity to probably make a couple of small tuck-in acquisitions, that will go a long way to helping create and broaden our competitive moat in certain geographic or product markets. And we're going to take advantage of that.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler from Stifel. Your line is open. 
Brian Butler: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: Just kind of going back to North America, and maybe Europe too, just kind of on the larger trends of driving activity. Maybe some color there. Just how that's playing through on the results on the volumes, as well as was there any benefit kind of from the winter weather, or was that even a maybe a headwind meaning it was so mild? 
Nick Zarcone: No. I mean miles driven is kind of just basically, moderating along. There's no material growth -- no material declines. As we've said in the past, we have better statistics on that in the US than we do in Europe. But overall mobility, has not changed dramatically on a year-over-year basis, in the first quarter. And the reality is that's fine. We really got pinched obviously, back in 2020 when the pandemic hit, is when the literally mobility around the globe came to a grinding halt.  And as long as vehicles are on the road and people are using their vehicles to get to and from work, fuel prices have come down generally on a global basis. They're not all the way down to where they were pre pandemic, particularly in Europe. But they've moderated a bit, and we think that's always good. Lower fuel prices tend to lead to perhaps, a little bit more miles driven and that creates demand for our parts. Again, we're assuming that the rest of the year that we're going to be kind of a flattish environment from an overall mobility perspective.
Brian Butler: Okay. That's helpful. And then my follow-up, can you provide maybe a little bit more color just in Europe, on the payables and inventory and kind of what trends you're seeing there and how that matches with the expectations? 
Rick Galloway: Yes, I'll take that one. Thanks for the question. So, we're real pleased with the activity that we've had over in Europe in particular, with the vendor financing program, but also in the overall payables, right? We started making sure we transition away from just talking about vendor finance and talk about overall payables. And what we were able to see year-over-year is, that really a 10% improvement in our European operations on the days payable, as we extend that. And there's still room to go. We would expect similar-type improvement this year, and probably for the next couple of years. You got to think of it as not a race. We're not in a 100-meter dash here. We're in a marathon. It's going to be continuous improvement over and over again, every year as we deal with our vendors and really train them in the extension of the terms. And so, the team has done a great job. We got to see it. We got to see it in the free cash flow. We will see it again this year and continually improve even from Q4 to Q1 another improvement from what we've seen on there, as well. And it's both pieces, right? So, it's exactly where we're wanting to be and we expect that to continue for the next couple of years.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember from ROTH MKM Partners. Your line is open. 
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the very strong results
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Stember: Going over to State Farm obviously things are cranking up nicely as expected, and it's just on two or three SKUs. Are there any signs that that SKU count will increase, whether it's radiators or fenders or door panels? 
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, we knew that the decision by State Farm to begin to turn on aftermarket products like I indicated was not going to be flipping a switch over on the wall to turn on the lights, right? It was going to be evolutionary, not revolutionary. And the volumes are ramping up to our expectations. There have been no discussions about adding additional parts. State Farm has not done anything put out any statements made any comments publicly about expanding the program. To be sure, every time we talk with our folks at State Farm, we are continuing to encourage them to both accelerate the rollout of the existing parts and to add new parts to the program. But the direct answer to your question is there has been no, material movement coming out of Bloomington Illinois with respect to broadening the part types.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then last question just going back over to specialty. You talked about the RV repair side. I know that you guys are pretty well entrenched with the OEMs to handle their warranty business. Are you seeing increased demand for just wear and tariff types of items? And how would you expect that to offset the general softness in the segment?
Nick Zarcone: Yeah. You're correct. We do -- most of the distribution of warranty parts for not every OE but most of the OEs which is terrific. As you can appreciate the first quarter of the year is not a high utilization point with respect to RVs, because not a lot of people are using their campers north of the Mason-Dixon, line in January and February. It's a little chilly outside. We do expect that that activity will begin to ramp, as to whether gets warmer and people really get out to the camp grounds to utilize their units. And we think we're incredibly well positioned. We're making sure that we've got the right inventory to service those types of requests for warranty parts. And we're going to be standing ready to support all of our OE customers in that regard.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then, just one last question back over to North America. You were talking about loss rates and as these higher-priced used units I guess work their way through the auction process. Can you talk about where you expect loss rates to be? Are we hitting a bottom here? Are we hitting a point where we could see an inflection in actual repairable claims going up?
Nick Zarcone: Yeah. In our discussions with the industry groups and the folks who have all the data on the collision industry and total loss rates and the like, their expectation and our expectation is total loss rates for 2023 will settle out somewhere in the 18% to 19% range. They were 19% in Q1 as car prices -- used car prices moderate a little bit that's going to fluctuate around. But their expectation our expectation is somewhere in the 18s for 2023. And we'll pilot that. And again, the 19% in Q1 was up a little bit from last year and it had no impact on our growth. As we've said over and over we've lived through almost every cycle as it relates to total loss rates. And we just no pun intended we drive right through that.
Scott Stember: All right guys. Thanks a lot. That's all I have.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Thanks for taking my questions. Rick I wanted to follow up on your fulfillment commentary. I think you said fulfillment rates were back above 90%. Can you give us a feel for that rate in Q1 of last year? And do you expect each quarter in 2023 to benefit from a similar lift in fulfillment, or does the benefit fade as the year unfolds?
Rick Galloway: Yeah, Craig, I appreciate the question. As we look at the fulfillment rates last year we were in the upper-80s. We finished the year in the upper 80s. We started off really around 84, for the first quarter last year. And then as we progress through the year it gradually kept getting better and better and better. We're still up versus Q4's number as well. So we finished in the low-90s, but a slight improvement. And our expectation is that that will continue to etch up just a little bit throughout the year. So we're really pleased with the inventory availability. If you think about last year particularly in Q1 inventory was not very available for us. And we think we missed out on some share with OEs and the drop in APU. And then that's come back in Q1. And so the team is doing well and the inventory position we're very happy with in our North American operations.
Craig Kennison: And then, could you comment on European fulfillment rates? Are there similar trends there given that in some cases you share, same dynamic?
Rick Galloway: Yeah. It's in the 90s. I mean, that one didn't drop like we saw over here in North America. So still in the 90s and really pleased with our delivery performance out there.
Craig Kennison: Perfect. Thank you.
Rick Galloway: Yeah. Thanks Craig.
Craig Kennison: And this concludes our question-and-answer period. Mr. Nick Zarcone, I turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well as always we greatly appreciate your time and attention in spending the hour with LKQ. We're very proud of the first quarter. We're optimistic about the future, not just here in 2023 but for the next 25 years, as we continue to celebrate the first 25. And we look forward to chatting with everyone in about 90 days to announce second quarter results. So, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rick Galloway, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the coming days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter and full year 2022, and then Rick will dive into the financial details and discuss our 2023 outlook before I come back with a few closing remarks. This month, we are celebrating the 25th anniversary of our company's founding in February 1998. What started with a few salvage facilities in the U.S. has grown to a Fortune 300 business with operations in 28 countries and over 45,000 employees, providing a wide array of aftermarket and recycled parts used to repair, maintain and accessorize vehicles. Our operations are leaders in their respective markets and are well positioned to continue their success in the future. Getting to this point has been the result of the dedication of our past and present teams. And I want to express my sincere appreciation for all of these efforts. I am excited to see what this team can deliver in the future, as the LKQ team is never satisfied, never rests on its laurels and has always pushing to be the best. When LKQ was founded, ESG was not the hot topic that it is today. But ESG has always been a vital part of our strategy. Through our recycling operations, we are enabling the circular economy in doing our part to reduce waste. I am proud of our contributions to date and I can assure you that our emphasis on sustainability will continue to be an integral part of our mission. Our success in ESG is being recognized by external parties. On December 05, 2022, MSCI upgraded LKQ to their highest ESG rating of AAA, placing LKQ in the top 5% of all companies that they rate globally. And on January 31 of this year, LKQ was included in Sustainalytics' 2023 Top-Rated ESG Companies list. The fourth quarter of 2022 closed a year where the resilience of our businesses shine through a myriad of uncontrollable headwinds, ranging from economic softness, inflation, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, energy cost spikes and a war in Europe. From an operating perspective, the fourth quarter was a very strong set of results, and I could not be more proud of our team. The continuation of exceptional organic revenue growth and strong margins in our North American wholesale segment, when combined with solid organic revenue growth and the highest fourth quarter EBITDA margins in the history of our European segment, offset the impact of the continued headwinds experienced in our Specialty and Self Service segments. The January revenue trends are similar to the levels generated in the fourth quarter. While the operations were collectively right on target with the guidance that we provided back in October, the annual tax provision was higher than anticipated, which drove a full year catch up in the fourth quarter and resulted in quarterly EPS at the low end of the guidance range. Rick will provide more detail on the tax provision in a few minutes. Now on to the strong quarterly results. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $3 billion, a decrease of 5.8% as compared to $3.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021, driven by FX translation and the divestiture of PGW. Parts and services organic revenue increased 4.5% on a reported basis and 5.9% on a per day basis. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by 3.1% and foreign exchange rates decreased revenue by 6.1%, for a total parts and services revenue decrease of 4.8%. Other revenue fell 20.1%, primarily due to weaker commodity prices relative to the same period in 2021. Net income in the fourth quarter was $193 million as compared to $235 million for the same period in 2021. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.72 as compared to $0.81 for the same period last year, a decrease of 11%. During the quarter, we had an unfavorable $0.15 year-over-year impact related to the higher-than-anticipated tax rates. The tax rate was also higher than anticipated during our third quarter call, which generated an unfavorable $0.05 effect on adjusted diluted EPS relative to our guidance. On an adjusted basis, net income in the fourth quarter was $209 million as compared to $254 million for the same period of 2021, a decrease of 17.5%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $0.78 as compared to $0.87 for the same period of last year, a decrease of 10.3%. Net income for the full year of 2022 was $1.14 billion as compared to $1.09 billion for the same period last year. Diluted earnings per share for the full year of 2022 was $4.11 as compared to $3.66 for the same period of 2021, an increase of 12.3%. Please note that 2022 results include the gain on sale of PGW. On an adjusted basis, net income for the full year of 2022 was $1.1 billion. That's compared to $1.2 billion for the same period of 2021, a decrease of 9.4%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year was $3.85 as compared to $3.96 for the same period of last year, a decrease of 2.8%. Adjusted earnings exclude the gain of the PGW sale but include the impact of the higher tax rate. Now let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 12, organic revenue for parts and services in the fourth quarter for our North American segment increased 10.3% on a reported basis and 12% on a per day basis compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. We continue to perform well in North America especially when you consider that according to CCC, collision liability related auto claims were down [0.9%] (ph) year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Looking back at our performance through the financial crisis, from 2008 to 2010, our North American business grew organically at an average of 7.5%, which drove the alternative part usage rate, or APU rate, above its historical annual growth rates. As we enter 2023 and face the reality of a global recession, our alternative parts offerings clearly become more attractive during these challenging economic periods. We are also encouraged by the trend in parts per repair, which reached an all-time high in 2022. Important to note is that our sweet spot has expanded and today stands at model years four to 15 years of age. All these items combined positions North America well for continued organic growth in 2023. The upward trend in our aftermarket sales volumes and the ongoing improvement in our fill rates continued in the fourth quarter with fill rates reaching their highest percentage levels in 2022, and today stands at close to the pre-pandemic level of 93%. Importantly, as the supply chain recovered and fill rates increased, the entire industry realized a 220-basis point improvement in the aftermarket percentage of APU, taking share back from the OEs as we progress throughout the year. The supply chain has stabilized and our inventory is generally where we want it to be. The main issue we are confronting today are continued delays at some of the railheads due to congestion. As many of you know, on December 7 of last year, State Farm announced that they are rolling out expanded non-OEM collision repair parts to use in most of the United States. We are excited the State Farm is embracing the aftermarket value proposition that the industry offers, which will ultimately benefit the end consumer. We continue to actually analyze this opportunity and we are well positioned to compete for our fair share of this opportunity and have built our inventory appropriately to do so. Our salvage inventory is also healthy and we saw some relief on our cost per vehicle during the quarter. The salvage business had solid organic growth, largely driven by price, but as we entered December, we witnessed an upward trend in our salvage volumes. Total loss rates increased a bit in the fourth quarter, which were largely seasonal. And as you can see, it had no impact on our organic growth. These slightly higher loss rates played a role in our ability to source the right level of inventory at auction at attractive prices. As we have stated before, fluctuations in loss rates are largely net neutral events for LKQ. Moving on to our European segment. Europe organic revenue growth of parts and services in the quarter increased 4.6% on a reported basis and 5.8% on a per day basis, which represents the best fourth quarter per day organic revenue growth since 2016. I'd also like to highlight that Europe's segment EBITDA margin was the highest fourth quarter level since entering the European market in 2011. On a full year basis, Europe's performance is another year of double-digit segment EBITDA margins, which is consistent with our 1 LKQ Europe initiative and strategy. Rick will cover more margin details in his prepared remarks. Throughout the quarter, our European team was laser-focused on the cost structure, including rationalizing headcount to create a more nimble and agile team and focusing our team on a narrow and actionable list of key projects. These projects represent the highest return opportunities that the team can execute in the near term, further cementing the long-term resiliency and market leadership of our European segment. On February 1, LKQ Europe announced that it expanded its European salvage network with the acquisition of Dutch-based Rhenoy Group. Founded in 1991, Rhenoy is a leading supplier of remanufactured engines and recycled OEM car parts. Rhenoy operates a salvage dismantling facility in the Netherlands and remanufacturing plants in both the Netherlands and Poland. As you know, the roots of our company lie in the dismantling of salvage vehicles to recycle OEM parts. As part of our European strategic plan, we intend to capitalize on that history and knowledge, coupled with our remanufacturing capabilities, to grow our salvage network across our European footprint. And with this tuck-in acquisition, we take one small incremental step towards that objective. I want to congratulate our STAHLGRUBER team on their 100th anniversary and commend them for building a resilient and market-leading business that continues to demonstrate an ability to adapt to the ever-changing independent aftermarket. A century since founding brothers Otto and Willy Gruber started the business. Today, the STAHLGRUBER business continues its history of embracing change, which positions them well to capture further opportunity as the car park shifts towards EVs and other forms of mobility. We can't wait to see the next -- what the next 100 years brings for STAHLGRUBER. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the fourth quarter, Specialty reported a decrease in organic revenue of 10.6%. Throughout 2022, Specialty was up against tough 2021 comparisons in the midst of decreased demand for certain key RV parts and a slower-than-expected recovery in U.S. light vehicle sales. Looking at the Specialty segment on a multi-year basis, since 2019, Specialty has generated approximately a 4% compound annual growth rate for organic revenue, outperforming the industry growth of SEMA and RV-related products. A few Specialty operational highlights would include that Specialty continued to realize the full benefits of the SeaWide synergies, which exceeded our expectations in dollars and operational execution. And Specialty won O'Reilly's 2022 [Top] (ph) Supply Line award for the third year in a row. Now onto our Self Service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self Service segment increased 4.8% in the fourth quarter. Self Service was again challenged by commodity pricing as seen in the material decline of other revenue which impacted our expectations for the quarter. On the corporate development front, the fourth quarter was fairly quiet. While we did not complete any material transactions during the quarter, our corporate development team is actively assessing various opportunities that exist across our operating segments. As the global economies continue to soften, that may lead to multiple compression and we are well positioned to execute on synergistic acquisitions that fit our strategic objectives. Outside of Q4 corporate development efforts, I am pleased to announce that this past January, we entered into a memorandum of understanding with Korea Zinc Company Limited, a world-class general non-ferrous metal smelting company. Under the memorandum of understanding, we will work towards a potential large scale joint venture related to the recycling of lithium-ion EV batteries in the United States. This is again evidence that we will continue to strategically position the company to adapt to and seize the longer-term opportunities that exist in the ever-changing car park. Turning to ESG. During the fourth quarter, we continued to build out our ESG program by focusing on our people efforts and various social initiatives. Here are a few worth noting. Every colleague employed by LKQ ELIT Ukraine for at least six months received a one-time hardship payment to support pain for energy and the general increase in the cost of living owing to the Russian invasion. Our U.K. and German operations also implemented one-time hardship payments to support our employees in those markets given the state of the overall European economy. We initiated a voluntary daily pay benefit in the United States that allows our employees to access a portion of their earned pay on demand. The company implemented this benefit with the financial wellness of our people in mind. And we launched our first employee inclusion group, the LKQ Veterans Network, a program that embraces our proud community of employee veterans and veteran allies who support and encourage each other to share experiences, veteran recruitment, career development, outward engagement, professional growth and retention. In 2022, our North American salvage operations continued our leadership as the largest recycler of vehicles by processing over 753,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of approximately 3.6 million gallons of fuel, 2.2 million gallons of waste oil, 2 million tires, 700,000 batteries and approximately 955,000 tons of scrap metal. The end result of these efforts resulted in nearly 13 million recycled and repurposed parts being sold into the collision and mechanical repair shop industry that otherwise would have ended up in landfills. Let's turn to the inflationary environment, again a key item of interest for most listeners on this call. As I discussed this time last year, we expected inflation to be a headwind throughout 2022 and that expectation became a harsh reality all year across each of our segments. Fortunately, we are beginning to see some moderation with inflation in the U.S., and recently we witnessed the rate of inflation drop for the last three months in a row across the Eurozone. Eurozone inflation stood at approximately 8.5% in January, down from October, where it was almost 11%. Despite this drop, many of our key operating markets continue to face high inflation rates with certain countries running in the high-single to low-double digits. In the U.S., the labor markets continue to be strained and unpredictable in the midst of higher interest rates and mounting fears of a recession. Daily we read about high profile layoffs, yet new claims for unemployment benefits remain at a historic low. As of late, wage inflation is beginning to slow and certain areas of our business are seeing reductions in turnover. But these reductions are not material and we are far from out of the woods, but it is validation that our retention and employee engagement programs are gaining traction. Our engagement efforts aren't simply an HR mandate. They are programs that stretch across all levels of the organization and are a key component of our culture. Our global engagement score of 74 is significantly above the average for companies of our size. Studies have shown that employees who are engaged are 14% more productive and that companies with engaged employees are 23% more profitable than those with disengaged employees. So, from a business perspective, positive employee engagement is critical, but importantly, it's the right thing to do for our most important asset, our people. Lastly, before I turn the discussion over to Rick, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our outlook for 2023, I am pleased to announce that on February 21, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.275 per share of common stock payable on March 30, 2023 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 16, 2023.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. Before I go into details of the fourth quarter, I'd like to reflect on what LKQ accomplished in the last year. We entered 2022 with a strong position based on the success of our operational excellence initiatives and solid balance sheet after reporting the highest profitability in the company's history in 2021. We expected there to be headwinds in 2022 from the areas Nick mentioned. As you can see on the bridge, on Slide 5, these headwinds did set us back, but the LKQ team drove operational improvements to produce roughly $0.40 of operating increases relative to 2021. We also sustained the positive momentum around cash flow generation, with free cash flow of just over $1 billion in 2022, and healthy conversion ratio of 60% of EBITDA. Our work on free cash flow in recent years supported some noteworthy accomplishments in the last year: LKQ achieved investment-grade ratings from all three major rating agencies; returned $284 million to shareholders through quarterly dividends and increased the quarterly amount by 10% in October; repurchased roughly 20 million shares of LKQ stock for just over $1 billion, which combined with the carryover benefit from 2021 purchases added $0.23 of EPS compared to 2021; and all while maintaining a net leverage ratio at less than 1.5 times EBITDA. In early January 2023, we replaced our prior credit facility, which included a $3.15 billion revolver, with a new unsecured facility, including a $500 million term loan and $2.0 billion revolver. Our confidence in the balance sheet and ability to generate robust cash flow factored into the decision to reduce the size of the facility. We were pleased to complete this new facility ahead of the prior facility becoming current and lock-in funding over the next five years at a competitive rate structure. Generating these successful outcomes despite challenging conditions is a credit to the entire LKQ team and I want to thank all of them for their contributions. Now turning to the fourth quarter results, starting with segment performance. Going to Slide 14, Wholesale North America continued its strong performance, posting a record fourth quarter segment EBITDA margin of 18.5%, a 330 basis point improvement over last year. We saw gross margin improvement of 150 basis points, driven by favorable mix and the sale of the lower margin PGW business as well as pricing and productivity initiatives. Overhead expenses were favorable by 180 basis points, primarily related to non-recurring expenses incurred in 2021. Strong organic revenue growth aided by the rebound and aftermarket parts volume offset inflationary cost increases and benefited operating leverage. As mentioned in prior quarters, we believe there will likely be some moderation in segment EBITDA margin in upcoming quarters as the benefits of the 2022 price increases fall away with the resultant EBITDA margin expected to be in the high 17%-s, low 18% range for 2023. Europe also delivered its highest-ever fourth quarter margin at 10.0%, up 110 basis points from the prior year period. As seen on Slide 15, gross margin improved by 10 basis points as we worked to offset inflation with pricing and procurement initiatives. Overhead expenses decreased by 70 basis points with an emphasis on cost structure and improved leverage due to the 5.8% per day organic revenue growth. Inflation related to personnel, freight and fuel costs remains a critical concern across the European markets. The team is actively addressing the pressures through productivity initiatives. Europe produced a segment EBITDA margin 10.2% for the full year, the second consecutive year of double-digit margins. I want to commend the Europe team for achieving this result despite the onset of the war on the Ukraine and significant macroeconomic headwinds. And we are optimistic about incremental margin expansion of 20 basis points to 30 basis points in 2023. Moving to Slide 16. Specialty's EBITDA margin of 6.2% declined 130 basis points compared to the prior year, coming from a decrease in overhead expense leverage, driven by an organic revenue decline of 9.1% per day as they anniversary a tough comp from the prior year when the business delivered a 6% organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter on top of the 17% growth in Q4 2020. Inflationary pressures also pushed overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue higher, including personnel, freight and fuel expenses. The overhead expense increase were partially offset by lower incentive compensation and benefits from operating expense synergies, largely generated from the SeaWide acquisition. As you can see on Slide 17, Self Service profitability improved sequentially from the low point in Q3, but remained on the low end of our historical range of 5.2% for the fourth quarter and below our expectations. Metals prices continued to have a negative effect on results with unfavorable lag effect and reduced operating leverage caused by the lower metals revenue dollars. When we broke out Self Service as a separate segment in Q1 2022, we highlighted that this business would have cycles, mostly driven by commodity price volatility. We are working through a down cycle now and the team is focused on buying the right quantity of cars at the best price to drive margin dollars higher. With the uncontrollable commodity dynamic in this business, we will emphasize generating margin dollars and free cash flow rather than targeting a specific margin percentage. Now on to the consolidated results. We reported diluted earnings per share of $0.72 and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.78, which was a $0.09 reduction relative to Q4 last year. As previously mentioned, our operational performance showed year-over-year improvement and was in line with our expectations. However, this solid operational performance was more than offset by unfavorable year-over-year effects of $0.04 from volatility in metals prices and $0.03 from the foreign currency exchange effects caused by the stronger dollar. Additionally, we had a negative effect of $0.03 from higher interest rates as benchmark rates were markedly higher in Q4 2022. As Nick mentioned, taxes were the most significant unfavorable variance for the quarter, reflecting a $0.15 year-over-year impact and a $0.05 negative variance relative to the guidance provided back in October. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter last year, we recognized almost $0.10 in tax provision benefits from discrete items and the reduction in our full year effective rate. We experienced the opposite effect in Q4 2022, as we recorded a negative provision effect of approximately $0.05 from increasing our full year effective rate and unfavorable discrete items. The effective rate increase primarily related to this shifts -- to shifts in the geographic distribution of income. We mitigated about $0.07 of the decline with our lower share count, resulting from our share repurchase program. During the fourth quarter, we incurred $11 million in restructuring expenses, the majority of which relate to a new program we kicked off late in the year. We initiated the 2022 global restructuring program and recognition of the ongoing macroeconomic concerns heading into 2023. All of the segments have submitted plans to improve operational efficiencies by streamlining functions, closing underperforming locations and halting non-essential projects. The total cost of the 2022 program are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $40 million to be incurred over the next few years. Projected cost savings of $20 million related to the program are included in our 2023 guidance, and we expect annual run rate benefits of approximately $30 million by 2025. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced $166 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $1.28 billion, the third consecutive year we have exceeded $1 billion. With the supply chain issues abating, we made good progress in rebuilding our inventory levels in Wholesale North America and Europe. As shown on Slide 35, we increased our inventory values in these segments. Though note that the dollar increase doesn't directly equate to a quantity change given the higher input costs. We are comfortable with our current inventory holdings and are pleased with improvements in aftermarket fill rates. We will continue to evaluate our inventory holdings and may increase our balances in 2023, but not to the extent seen in 2022. The supply chain finance program contributed to an increase in days payable outstanding in Europe in 2022. With the signing of the new credit facility, certain restrictions around the program were eliminated and we view further program expansion to be an opportunity in the next few years. For the year, the cash conversion is 60% conversion of the EBITDA to free cash flow, in line with our targeted range of 55% to 60% We finished at the high end of the range in our guidance, partially due to the lower-than-projected capital expenditures. For the year, capital expenditures were 1.7% of revenue, which is below our targeted 2.0% to 2.25% range. We have experienced delays in receiving capital assets, such as trucks, as a result of supply chain delays. As a result, some of our 2022 orders will be delivered in 2023 and reflected in capital expenditures in the 2023 financials. As of December 31, we had total debt of $2.7 billion with a total leverage ratio of 1.5 times EBITDA, which is comfortably inside our target range of below 2 times. Please note that going forward, I will reference total leverage statistics rather than net leverage as the new credit facility changed the metric to total leverage. Our effective borrowing rate rose to 4% for the quarter due to the market rate hikes in the U.S. and Europe. We have $1.8 billion in variable rate debt, so 100 basis point rise in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by $18 million. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares for $152 million and paid a quarterly dividend totaling $74 million. I will conclude our thoughts on projected 2023 results as shown on Slide 6 through 8. Our guidance is based on current market conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metals prices hold near December prices and the Ukraine Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on European economy and miles driven. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes recent European rates with balance of the year rates for the euro of $1.08 and the pound sterling at $1.22. We expect organic parts and service revenue growth of between 6% and 8%. Please note that we have one fewer selling day in 2023 and have included associated with the expansion of aftermarket parts volume resulting from State Farm writing claims on CAPA certified parts in three product lines: headlights, taillights and bumper covers. We are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.90 to $4.20, with a midpoint of $4.05. This is an increase of $0.20 or 5% at the midpoint relative to the 2022 actual figure. Looking at Slide 7 in the presentation, you can see how we get from the 2022 actual EPS to our 2023 guidance. Operating performance is expected to generate growth of $0.24 relative to the 2022 results, mostly related to Wholesale North America from volume growth and Europe due to margin improvement. We do expect a continuation of challenging conditions for Specialty from softening demand for RV-related products and Self Service related to commodity prices and input cost inflation. Share count benefits are projected to add $0.10 to the full year 2023 EPS over and above the share count benefit associated with the deployment of our PGW proceeds. Note that there are no share repurchases assumed for 2023 in this figure. This amount reflects the carryover benefit from 2022 purchases. So, we're expecting very solid improvement on the operations side in 2023, which will drive year-over-year growth despite some non-operational challenges. The exchange rate benefit is nominal and is offset by softening in metals prices. The PGW divestiture creates a $0.02 headwind, reflecting the net reduction caused by lost profits, partly offset by the share count benefit generated from the redeployment of proceeds into share repurchases. Interest is projected to be a significant cost increase with our weighted average borrowing rate on variable rate debt having already risen from close to 1% in 2022 to about 4% by year-end. We anticipate an additional $0.13 in interest expense in 2023 on a year-over-year basis due to higher average market rates. We have included an effective tax rate of 26.3% in the 2023 guidance, roughly in line with the final 2022 rate. We expect to deliver approximately $975 million of free cash flow for the year, achieving 55% EBITDA conversion to free cash flow despite a few key headwinds. As seen on Slide 8, we expect to produce incremental cash flows relative to 2022 from operations, including increased profitability and trade working capital improvements to counteract the following uses of cash. First, as mentioned previously, we underspent on capital expenditures in 2022, including equipment delays, and expect to see an increase of approximately $78 million relative to the prior year. Second, the higher interest rates will require increased cash payments for interest expense, which we are currently projected at roughly $50 million. Third and final, we anticipate increased tax payments of $60 million due to profitability increases and the timing of payments. Thanks for your time this morning. With that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Rick, for that financial overview. In closing, 2022 was another banner year for our company and again validated the strength of our strategy, our business model and, most importantly, our people. Let me restate our key strategic pillars, which continue to be central to our culture and objectives as we've entered the new year. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn gives us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. With these pillars in place, coupled with our industry-leading teams, we are well positioned to both face the challenges the new year presents and to continue to deliver positive year-over-year operating results for our shareholders. As always, I want to thank the over 45,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each day and for driving our mission forward regardless of the challenges. Time and time again, our teams have shown that these challenges are opportunities for growth, both for themselves and for the overall organization. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Okay, thanks, and good morning. I wanted to ask about your recycling business in Europe after you've acquired Rhenoy. I mean, I know it's not large in the scheme of things, but perhaps you could just update us the recycling footprint you have today in Europe and whether the time is right to maybe make a bigger push, build something like your North American auto recycling business now in Europe?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. Good morning, Craig, and thanks for the question. So, for many years, we've had an operation in Scandinavia, in Sweden. We call it Atracco. It's been operating quite well for quite some time. It's not a huge business. But it is a nicely profitable business. And we started in Scandinavia, and particularly Sweden, because that recycling market looks the most like the U.S. market, when you think about how the insurance companies participate in the industry and the utilization of recycled parts. And so that was our beachhead if you will. And it's proven to be a very nice investment. Obviously, Rhenoy is our maiden voyage on to the continent. And we anticipate that there will be incremental opportunities to expand the footprint. The recycling business in Europe, generally speaking, is different than in the U.S. It is largely driven by the commodities as opposed to parts sales. And as you know, as a distributor of parts, we're more focused on the parts side and the commodity side. And so, it's going to take some time for the European market to shift. There are some regulatory changes going on in Europe as it relates to the circular economy and utilization of green parts. We think this is going to be a good time to slowly kind of build up our presence. We've got a boatload of intellectual capital here in the U.S. We think it's going to be a good time to extend that to the other side of the Atlantic. But it's going to be a slow process, Craig. You should not expect any major shifts over the next year or two or three. But we think we're incredibly well positioned to expand our footprint on the recycling side in Europe. And it's all a matter of finding the right businesses to acquire, the right management teams, the right values, the right environmental practices, but we're optimistic that there'll be more tuck-ins like Rhenoy as time unfolds.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember from ROTH MKM. Your line is open.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions as well.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Can you talk about State Farm? What you're seeing? Early experiences? How fast it's ramping up? And then, also are you hearing anything about State Farm potentially expanding past the two or three SKUs that they're currently using right now?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, State Farm made their announcement just in December. It's not like going over to the wall and flipping the switch, right? You have a couple of decades of history of repair shops being kind of driven into [their head] (ph) that State Farm did not use aftermarket parts. And so, it's going to be a slow transition. Our volumes of those three-part types on State Farm claims is moving up. And so, we think that it's on track for -- to hit the overall opportunity for 2023. I think we quantified that in our last call as being under $100 million. We've had one month, right, January, under our belt. If you kind of extrapolate that out, we think that they're going to continue to push their new policy throughout the marketplace, but it can take a little bit of time to get up to kind of full speed.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then, just a follow-up...
Nick Zarcone: There is no indication at this point in time, but again, we're not -- but -- what, sort of 45 days after the announcement that they're going to extend the program to new product types. That's certainly our hope. We think that is the logical thing to do, but we thought that was the logical thing to do for the last 20 years.
Scott Stember: Got it. Well, clearly in a better spot than we were 10 years ago. So...
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely.
Scott Stember: And just if I could just slip one last question in Europe. I don't know if you gave granularly detailed by market. But what are you seeing -- the countercyclical benefits of the aftermarket -- or the mechanical parts aftermarket starting to kick in? Maybe just give us a little color there.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, as Rick and I both indicated, organic growth in Europe in the fourth quarter was a little bit over 5% on a per day basis, on a same day basis, which was terrific. Every single one of our markets was up nicely and either in and around that mid-single digit range with the exception of one business, which is, we call, components business on a year-over-year basis, that was still negative, because that's the business that used to sell into Russia. And if you recall, we shut every single element of that down the day that proven they rolled tanks over the border. And so, on a year-over-year basis, that volume has just gone. But all the geographic platforms showed really good organic growth in the fourth quarter.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Rick Galloway: Good morning, Bret.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: You called out strength in alternative parts utilization in North America. Is that a tailwind from OE certification programs or what they're doing in collision on the OE side driving prices up to the point where it forces more alternative parts utilization, or what do you see as the tailwind of that mix?
Nick Zarcone: Well, we believe that in the fourth quarter, the biggest part of that tailwind is that the aftermarket, including ourselves, by far the largest player, we actually had inventory to sell. As you recall, we had supply chain challenges coming out of 2021 into 2022 and our fulfillment rates, because of that, were down. I mean, historically, we've been in this the mid-90% range. And as we indicated in prior quarters, we're down into the low to mid-80%-s, right? The fact that we actually have the inventory need to be responsive to customer demand is the primary reason the whole aftermarket industry was able to grab over 2 percentage points of share back from the OEs. And we think that -- and we're very proud of that. Obviously, we're the largest player in the aftermarket parts space. We're charging hard to take share, not just from the OEs, but from our smaller competitors as well.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then, on the recycling of batteries in North America, the partnership you talked about, can you give us a little more detail sort of is that something that you use your existing infrastructure? And obviously, not a lot of batteries in the vehicle park yet, but where do you see that being a contributor?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, this is not a play for 2023 or even 2025, perhaps this is a 10-to-15-year play, right? And what, ultimately, we believe is it's pretty well documented that there's not enough lithium being mined to produce all these batteries that are going to go on the EVs that folks are anticipating going to be on the road. And so, recycling the key elements out of existing EV batteries can become critical. We don't have the technology to do that. We recycle parts, but we don't know how to recycle chemical elements, right? But that's where Korea Zinc comes in. I mean, they are truly a world-class organization when it comes to reclaiming and recycling all sorts of various non-ferrous metals. And we believe that's a combination of their ability and process technology on the one hand was our ability to source cores and batteries on the other hand is a -- it could be a great partnership. Now, it's a memorandum of understanding, right? It's not a joint venture yet. The goals over the next couple of years to figure out and work together to develop a plan that could be profitable for both companies. But it's moving us into the next generation of mobility and we're very excited about it. And we think Korea Zinc will be a terrific partner for us.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler from Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: Good morning, guys. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: Just on the first one on the guidance. When you think about the $975 million in cash flow, I mean, it sounds like that's kind of the minimum. And if you were to try to back up into an EBITDA number using the conversion of the 55% to 60%, that kind of puts you at $1.77 billion, kind of just under 13% margins. Is that kind of the right way to think of the low end of EBITDA?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So, we -- the way we're looking at it -- thanks for the question. The way we're looking at it is 55% is the minimum of where we're sort of guiding on the conversion piece of it. So, as we're driving into this thing, the mix between what happened year-over-year in the earnings with the interest payments, the tax payments coming down and the capital expenditures, I would -- I think we've got a gap, call it, 50 plus or minus, we kind of gear right in that range. That's where I would kind of look on the free cash flow piece. And then, backing into that, we've guided 55% to 60%. We think that's a pretty reasonable approach, where we hit the 60% in the prior year 2022, bringing that down a little bit with the CapEx expenditures in 2023 is how we end up getting to that $975 million.
Brian Butler: Okay. But just think -- I mean, again, just kind of backing it into trying to guess on the EBITDA, I mean, as that gets to the 60%, you would expect the EBITDA to also be higher as well. Is that a fair way to look at it?
Rick Galloway: Yes, that's a fair way. Yes.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then, on a follow-up question. When you think about the CapEx, the additional spend that kind of move from 2022 into 2023, I mean if you kind of even that out over the two years, you kind of were at $1 billion based on your guidance...
Rick Galloway: That's exactly...
Brian Butler: It will be about $1 billion guidance. So...
Rick Galloway: Yes, that's exactly [indiscernible].
Brian Butler: Okay. Great. Can you give a little color just kind of on what drove that? And then, maybe kind of what's the right way to think about CapEx on a longer-term basis?
Rick Galloway: Yes. So we look at 2% of revenue, 2% to 2.25% of revenue is usually the kind of guide that we've given. We have 1.75%, I think it was 1.77%, something like that in 2022 as things pushed out, primarily trucks, equipment pushed out with the supply chain issues. And then when you think year-over-year, we're right in that 2% range that we've been kind of guiding to. So, there may be ebbs and flows back and forth between different years, but that 2% to 2.25% is the right way to look at it.
Brian Butler: Okay. Perfect. And then, just last one. Is there any risk on the inventory build at Specialty, if cars kind of that market, that demand remains soft, is that something we should be watching?
Rick Galloway: No, I don't think so. So, we have a traditional build throughout the year, and we ended up decreasing that a little bit and then driving that down toward the end of the year to end up virtually flat year-over-year on overall inventories, and it's something that we're watching very closely with the demand. And so, nothing to be concerned about in that area.
Brian Butler: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Nick, I want to start on the European side. I think at the end of your prepared remarks, you talked about Europe having some specific projects they're working on. Can you provide some more color just around what those are? Is that just the growth in the collision parts? Are there other costs projects that Varun and the team are working on? Any kind of quantification as we think about potential margin impacts from those initiatives?
Nick Zarcone: The answer, Daniel, not to be snide, but the answer is yes, right? We've got a number of different projects over in Europe. Rick mentioned restructuring, the 2022 restructuring plan, that hits all of these segments, including the European segment. It's part -- folks should think about restructuring at LKQ as part of our continuous improvement plan that every year, we're looking to find ways to optimize our business and to get excess cost or better throughput and efficiency from each of our operations. And so, yes, there are some restructuring plans over in Europe, just like North America and Specialty. We're looking at programs to continue to drive organic revenue growth, particularly volume growth. And Varun and the team are focused on some key programs there. They pulled in headcount a little bit, particularly at the kind of at the head office level, not just in Zug, but across the operating platforms as well, just to make sure that our administrative costs are aligned with the realities of 2023 and the economic climate. So, it's a number of different initiatives, Daniel, none of which we're going to put a pinpoint as to what it means from a euro or dollar perspective, but it's all with the goal of continuing to drive organic revenue growth and better margins. And as I think Rick indicated in his prepared comments, we're anticipating that the margins in Europe will...
Rick Galloway: 20 basis points to 30 basis points.
Nick Zarcone: Will go up by 20 basis points to 30 basis points in 2023. And that's been included in the guidance that Rick set out.
Daniel Imbro: Great. That's helpful color. And then, I wanted to just circle back on the potential battery remanufacturing JV. If you take a step back and just think about how State Farm handled the aftermarket after one accident 20 years ago, I mean, have you guys talked to the insurance companies? Do you think that they're actually going to reinsure remanufactured EV batteries? Or if there's one accident, does that become a category that insurance companies just won't touch because of the liability? Just trying to think through what the actual end market could be there. Can insurance companies actually do that?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, Daniel, you need to separate the collision business from the mechanical repair business. And the EV batteries, what we're doing right now with Bumblebee and Green Bean, the two companies that we bought over the last year or so that remanufacture batteries, that has nothing to do with the collision business. That just has to do with the failure of the batteries and the life batteries to extend the life of the vehicle, okay? The memorandum of understanding on recycling with Korea Zinc, again, has nothing to do with remanufacturing. That is truly a recycling to get to the core elements that are inside that EV. And so, you need to keep -- there's a big difference between remanufacturing and recycling. Recycling, there's not a battery left to go back into another vehicle, right? Remanufacturing is where we truly look at the battery, we replace certain cells. That is not an insurance-driven profit. If you have a nine-year-old EV and your battery is failing, you're not going to get reimbursed a nickel from your insurance company to go replace that battery. That's going to be an out-of-pocket expense.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. So, this is more on the -- it's on the mineral extraction or kind of recycling side, the potential...
Nick Zarcone: Yes.
Daniel Imbro: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Nick Zarcone: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Nick Zarcone, I turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well, as always, we greatly appreciate everyone's time and attention on this call. We know it's a busy reporting period, and we appreciate you spending the hour with LKQ. Again, I couldn't be more proud of our team and the results that we posted up not only in the fourth quarter of 2022, but the full year as a whole. We're looking forward to being back on line with you in about, I don't know, 60 days or so, in late April, when we announce our first quarter results. So, thank you for your time, and we'll be talking to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now by the turn my conference over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter, 2022 earnings conference call. With us today are Dominick Zarcone, LKQ's, President and Chief Executive Officer; Varun Laroyia, Chief Executive Officer of LKQ Europe; and Rick Galloway, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone. 
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe. Good morning to everybody. And thank you for joining us on the call to discuss our third quarter results. Last month we announced a couple of important leadership changes, including Varun Laroyia moving from the CFO chair to become the CEO of our European operations; and Rick Galloway succeeding Varun. Since that move happened with just a few weeks left in the quarter, after I provide some high level comments, Varun and Rick will tag team on the financial details and the updated guidance for 2022. I will then provide some closing comments before opening the call to your questions. Once again, LKQ recorded strong operating results notwithstanding a very difficult macro environment. The pandemic is still creating challenges. The labor market remains tight and the supply chain is less than optimal though finally, starting to show some signs of improvement. The war continues in Europe and economies around the globe are showing signs of softness as many governments tried to curb their runaway inflation created by the monetary stimulus utilized to support economies during the early days of the pandemic. But the biggest current headwind is in the foreign exchange market. With the U.S. dollar reaching levels we haven't seen in over 20 years. While we can hedge much of our transactional exposure with about 46% of our revenue being sourced from our European segment, we cannot hedge the translation exposure. To put things into perspective, the euro and pound sterling fell approximately 7% relative to the dollar during Q3 and have fallen about 15% since the start of 2022. The volatility in exchange rates on a year-over-year basis had a material impact on our reported results during the quarter, reducing revenue by $228 million and adjusted EPS by about $0.07 a share during the third quarter. I believe when you focus on our local currency results, you will agree that our company is performing extremely well and we are quite pleased to achieve our EPS goals in light of the ongoing and challenging environment. The leadership changes announced in mid-September are moving forward in a seamless manner and clearly demonstrate the depth and breadth of our talent. As discussed in each of the past three investor day events, talent management has been a key priority for LKQ and the benefits of that focus shine through at times like this. Overall, it was a strong quarterly result and we continue to be optimistic about the future. Our decision to increase the dividend reflects the confidence that we have in our business. Now onto the quarter. Revenue for the third quarter of 2022 was $3.1 billion, a decrease of about 5.9% as compared to $3.3 billion in the third quarter of 2021. On a constant currency basis third quarter revenue grew up by about 1% to a little over $3.3 billion. Parts and services organic revenue increased 4.8%, while the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by 2.3% and the foreign exchange rates decreased revenue by 7.4% for a total parts and services revenue decrease of 5%. Other revenue fell 17.4% due to changes in commodity prices relative to the same period in 2021. And that's a reminder, PGW was included in our third quarter 2021 results.  Net income for the quarter was $261 million as compared to $284 million for the same period in 2021. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.95 compared to $0.96 for the same period of 2021, a decrease of 1%. On an adjusted basis, net income for the quarter was $266 million as compared to $300 million for the same period of 2021, a decrease of 11.4%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.97 as compared to $1.02 for the same period of 2021, a decrease of 4.9%. Importantly, please note that FX volatility and lower metals prices collectively created a $0.16 per share headwind in the third quarter of 2022 when compared to the 2021 results. Now let's turn to the quarterly segment highlights. In North America, organic revenue for parts and services of our North American segment increased 10.9% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, which exceeded our expectations. The impact of divestitures primarily PTW reduced revenue by 10.6% in the quarter. This organic growth performance is outstanding when you consider that the industry data suggests that collision liability related to auto claims were up only 2%. Also, North America delivered these results in the midst of decreasing miles driven, which is largely due to the increase in fuel prices. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven decreased 3.3% in July and was up only seven tenths to 1% in August. That said, the long term trends for North America continue to be very favorable. Continued technician shortages will benefit our diagnostics business as shops look to outsource their diagnostic repairs. Total loss rates trending down into the high teens, parts per claim, reaching over 12 parts per vehicle, a 20% increase from the third quarter of 2018 and office occupancy filling nearly a three-year high, which ultimately lead to more congestion in claims frequency. During the quarter, we were encouraged by the upward trend in our aftermarket volumes. During the quarter, we experienced some relief in the aftermarket supply chain relative to Q2, which translated into an increase in our fill rates. The biggest challenge exists on the domestic side of the supply chain, including the rail carriers and truckers, all of which are out of our control. In talking with several third-party experts, they generally expect these domestic challenges will continue into the first half of 2023. The spot market pricing for containers used in ocean freight has softened measurably, and our team is laser-focused on active rate reductions from our contracted carriers. Now onto our Self Service segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self Service segment increased 7.2% for a third quarter. The softness in commodity prices resulted in a decline in other revenue of 24.8%. The soft metal prices also had a significant impact on segment EBITDA margins on a year-over-year basis. This was anticipated given the lag effect that Varun touched on during our second quarter call. Moving on to our European segment, organic revenue for parts and services in the third quarter increased 4.8% on a reported basis and 5.8% on a per day basis. Acquisitions added one half of 1% growth in the quarter, while the exchange rates resulted in a 14.7% decline on a year-over-year basis. I am quite pleased with the organic growth, albeit mostly driven by price in an environment facing high inflation, continued supply chain hurdles and an energy crisis in Europe. All of our European regional platforms recorded strong local currency organic revenue gains with some being in the low double digits. The only decline on a year-over-year basis related to the sale of product to Russian based jobbers, which as previously mentioned, we completely stopped back in February when the war commenced. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. Organic parts and services revenue for Specialty declined 9.1% in the quarter, a sequential improvement from Q2, but still down and below our expectations. You may recall this segment reported 14% organic growth in Q3 of last year, so on a two-year stack, the annual revenue growth is still positive. The impact of acquisitions had a 6.6% positive impact on revenue growth in Specialty, while as a predominantly U.S. business, the exchange rates had a negligible impact. During the quarter, certain product groups such as towing that have some exposure to new unit volume, again underperformed in the quarter as the new RV unit sales have decreased year-to-date by over 23% through August. As a reminder, the majority of our RV parts are replacement parts that are not tied to new unit volume but are largely related to the size of the RV part, which is still running at record levels. Also, some of the softness that the SEMA-related products based in the quarter was due to a year-over-year decrease in light truck and SUV vehicle sales in the United States, an important vehicle category for our specialty offerings. Total U.S. light vehicle sales were flat year-over-year. Importantly, I would like to congratulate our Specialty team for receiving the RV Industry Association Award as the 2022 Distributor of the Year. This is the second year in a row for this recognition, further validation that our people are truly our greatest asset. Let's move on to initial Q4 revenue trends. Revenue for our North America wholesale operations has gone off to a solid start, largely driven by the improvement in aftermarket fill rates. Though we don't anticipate, we will continue to run at these very high levels, particularly as we lap the pricing movements initiated last year. Our European segment is also witnessing a good start with growth rates continuing at Q3 levels. Specialty revenue is also trending similar to the Q3 performance and it will have easier comps in the fourth quarter compared to the rest of this year. From my corporate development perspective, in the [indiscernible] quarter we divested our Florida shredder. As part of this transaction, we entered into a supply agreement to which our Florida self-service yards will sell or offer to sell its crust vehicles to the new acquirer. We also divested our equity interest in a small subsidiary of Stahlgruber. Neither of these divestitures are material. Our employees sit at the center of our ESG efforts. And we are in the process of working through our second employee engagement survey. We just completed surveying all of our North American employees and our in process in Europe. We have a lot of data to analyze, but the North American team had a 93% participation rate. Our independent advisor has mentioned this is extremely high for these types of activities and is generally indicative of a high level of engagement across the workforce. I look forward to showing more on this topic once the process is complete. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun and Rick.
Rick Galloway: Thank you, Nick. And good morning to everyone joining us today. I am honored to take on the position of CFO of LKQ, and I look forward to driving our financial and strategic initiatives to lead the company to even greater success. As part of the North American leadership team, I was heavily involved in rolling out and executing the operational excellence initiatives that have spurred significant improvement in profitability and cash flows over the last few years. Now as CFO, I will continue to drive the organization's focus on profitable revenue growth, delivering strong margins and free cash flow generation from this new vantage point. Especially as we face the macroeconomic headwinds, Nick mentioned, it will be critical to lean in on productivity and efficiency. And I look forward to partnering with the segment teams to continue to drive this forward. Turning now to the consolidated results, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.95 and adjusted diluting earnings per share of $0.97, which was a $0.05 reduction relative to Q3 last year. Our operational performance showed year-over-year improvement and was in line with our expectations. However, this solid operational performance was more than offset by unfavorable effects of $0.09 from volatility and metals prices and $0.07 from foreign currency exchange effects caused by the stronger dollar. Additionally, we had negative effects of $0.06 in total from one, divesting the PGW business in Q2; two, higher interest rates and three, a 20 basis point increase in the effective tax rate to 25.5%. We mitigated about $0.07 of the decline with the lower share count resulting from our share repurchase program. Shifting to segment performance. Much of the operational improvement in the quarter came from the wholesale North American segment. Going to Slide 10, the segment EBITDA margin of 19.4% is a record for the third quarter. We saw strong growth margin improvement of 190 basis points with a little over half from pricing and productivity initiatives and the remainder from the mix with the sale of the low margin PGW business. Overhead expenses were favored by 20 basis points primarily related to non-recurring expenses from Q3 2021. We're very pleased with the way wholesale is performing and while we believe wholesale will continue to generate strong margins, there will likely be moderation in upcoming quarters as we move towards the long-term expectation we presented at Investor Day earlier this year. On the Q2 call in July, we noted that self-service would face difficult conditions in Q3 and as expected self-service had a tough quarter with roughly break even segment EBITDA and a 2.6% margin. With scrap metals prices falling we experienced a negative lag effect as we turn cars purchased in the second quarter when metals prices were higher at lower scrap prices. We have a slide in the presentation to depict this effect. Looking at Slide 29, you can see the delta between the average scrap metals price in Q2 of $279, which influenced the amount we paid for the cars purchased and the current quarter average of $198, which drove the amount we received when scrapping the Q2 cars we purchased. We wanted to provide this depiction to help provide more clarity on the lag effect, but caution there isn't a perfect correlation between scrap steel prices and car costs as other market conditions will impact the purchase price of the cars. The reduction in prices along with lower volume processed in Q3 produce the decrease in gross margin and the negative leverage effect on overhead costs. We expect improved sequential profitability in Q4 as we cycle through most of the higher cost Q2 purchases by the end of September. I'll turn the call to Varun to cover the other segments as well as cash flows and the balance sheet.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Rick. Appreciate that introduction and the overview of the North America wholesale and self-service segments performance. Let's move to Slide 11 of the earning deck. Europe delivered an 11.3% EBITDA margin for the quarter, down 20 basis points from the prior year period. Gross margin improved by 10 basis points as we worked to offset inflation with procurement initiatives and pricing. Overhead and other expenses increased by 30 basis points with inflation weighing primarily on personnel, freight and fuel costs. The segments solid third quarter performance reinforces our expectation that we will deliver a double-digit margin for the fuller despite the macroeconomic headwinds around general inflation, energy costs and the Russia/Ukraine conflict. While I have been in my new role as CEO of the European segment for a little over a month, I have gotten an opportunity to get an on the ground view of our operations and the management team. And I am even more impressed by the strength of our frontline businesses and despite the darkening macroeconomic clouds with judicious and decisive prioritization, I am confident that we can achieve our long-term operational and financial target. Moving on to Slide 12 specialties EBITDA margin of 10.8% declined 30 basis points compared to the prior year coming from a decrease in overhead expense leverage driven by an organic revenue decline of 9.1% as they anniversary a tough comp from the prior year when the business delivered a nearly 14% organic revenue growth rate in the third quarter. Inflationary pressures also pushed overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue higher including personnel, freight and fuel expenses. The overhead expense increases were partially offset by a 70 basis point benefit from lower incentive compensation and 80 basis points of benefits from operating expense synergies largely generated from the SeaWide acquisition of a year ago. Shifting to cash flows and the balance sheet. We produced a healthy $224 million in free cash flow during the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $862 million. We have made good progress in rebuilding our inventory levels in wholesale North America and in Europe. As shown on Slide 32, we increased our inventory values in these segments, do please note that the dollar increase doesn't directly equate to a quantity change given the higher input costs. Using North America aftermarket as an example with higher per unit costs by inventory balance in dollar terms is close to Q4 of 2019, while the total available quantity on hand is down approximately 20%. We still have some work to do to optimize inventory at hand, especially going into the busier winter season, so we expect further fine tuning of inventory levels over the balance of the year. Through September the cash conversion ratio is 64% conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow just above our target range of 55% to 60%. There continues to be timing elements that will reverse over the course of the year. For example, the third quarter inventory build will result in higher outflows for payables in the fourth quarter, and we are confident in our ability to generate sustainable free cash flow in line with our expectations. As of September 30th, we had net debt of $2.2 billion with a net leverage ratio of 1.3 times EBITDA which is comfortably inside our target range of being below 2 times. Our effective borrowing rate rose to 3% for the quarter and with the effective rate heights in the U.S. and Europe we are $1.6 billion in variable rate debt, so a 100 basis point rise in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by approximately $16 million. As you can imagine, we are evaluating our fixed versus floating rate mix as part of a larger review of our capital structure and credit facility, which matures in approximately 15 months and we expect to complete this assessment shortly. Most of our transactions are conducted in the home entities functional currency, for example, buying inventory for our U.S. locations in U.S. dollars or European entities borrowing funds in local currency to create in natural operating hedge. As a result, our currency exposure is weighted to translation of foreign currency denominated results into U.S. dollars rather than transaction gains and losses where we have transaction exposures, we hedge through forward contracts. We are comfortable with our current approach to managing foreign exchange risk, though we are monitoring market conditions to determine if a change in strategy is required. With a strong free cash flow and the proceeds from the PGW Glass sale earlier this year, we have been able to return a significant amount of capital to our shareholders in 2022. We repurchased over 17 million shares for $891 million through September, including almost 7 million shares for $343 million in the third quarter. Additionally, we paid quarterly dividends totaling $210 million year-to-date. We had approximately $260 million available on the previous board share repurchase authorization as of September 30th, and we have remained active in the market in October with a further $119 million purchase through last Friday. Earlier this week, our board authorized a $1 billion increase to our share repurchase program for a total authorization of 3.5 billion and extended the term through October of 2025. We are pleased to have this program expansion to be able to continue to use share repurchases as part of our balanced capital allocation strategy. As our earnings release of this morning indicated the board also approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.275 per share, which will be paged on December 1st to stockholders of record as of November 17th. This reflects a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend. Before I turn the call back to Rick, I would like to take a moment to thank LKQ's leadership team, our global finance organization, and all our dedicated employees across the organization. It has truly been a great privilege to serve as your CFO over these last five years. Over that time, the company has achieved tremendous things with significant growth and profitability and free cash flow, building a rock solid fortress like balance sheet and generating robust shareholder returns. I truly appreciate everyone's efforts to reach this point and I feel honored to have been a part of the team during this pivotal period. Now we need to leverage our strengths to become even more successful. I leave the finance organization in Rick's capable hands and I look forward to working with him in my new role. With that, Rick, back to you.
Rick Galloway: Thanks Varun. I'm also looking forward to working with you in this new capacity. I will conclude with our updated thoughts on projected 2022 results shown on Slide 6. Our guidance is based on current conditions and recent trends and assumes that scrap and precious metals prices hold near September prices and the Ukraine/Russia conflict continues without further escalation or major additional impact on the European economy and miles driven. On foreign exchange our guidance includes recent European rates with the balance of the year rates for the Euro of $0.97 and the pound sterling at $1.11 versus $1.02 and $1.20 in the previous guidance effectively a 5% and 7.5% decline. We narrowed the organic parts and service growth rate range to 4.75% to 5.75% with the midpoint up slightly from our year-to-date growth at 5.1%. Please note that we have one fewer selling day in Q4 this year. We are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.85 to $3.95 with a midpoint of $3.90. We have narrowed the range as we are three quarters through the year and lowered the midpoint of our prior guidance by $0.05. To understand why we reduced the midpoint, please refer to Slide 7 in the presentation which bridges our prior and current guidance figures. Operating performance remains solid and represents upside of $0.02 relative to our prior guidance. The frontline businesses continue their resilience in difficult conditions. Capital allocation is also a benefit of $0.03 relative to our prior guidance, primarily related to higher repurchase volume. Note that we are including share repurchases through the week ended October 21st in our guidance. That's the good news generally tied to the areas under our control. Then there are the negatives, which are primarily external factors. Declining metals prices are projected to have a negative $0.04 effect. Headwinds from the weakening FX rates mentioned earlier contribute a $0.03 reduction relative to prior guidance and unless the trend reverses will be a negative factor in 2023. Taxes and interests drive another $0.03 negative effect, including the rate changes previously noted. FX rates and metal prices can move significantly over time. We may have further upside or downside if the actual figures play out differently than we assume in our guidance. We expect to deliver approximately $1 billion of free cash flow for the year achieving free cash flow conversion in line with our expectations for the business. Translation of foreign currency denominated cash flows will have a negative effect given the lower euro and pound sterling rates used in our latest estimates. But we are still anticipating 55% to 60% EBITDA conversion to free cash flow adjusted for the PGW gain. Thanks for your time this morning. With that, I'll turn the call to Nick for his closing comments.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you Rick and Varun for that financial overview. Let me restate our key initiatives which are central to our culture and our objectives. First, to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn give us the flexibility to maintain our balanced capital allocation strategy; and forth, as always to continue to invest in our future. As you can see from our results, we are committed to driving these metrics forward regardless of the operating environment. Our teams across all of our segments are executing on their operational targets and they have done a tremendous job during these unpredictable and unique times. With respect to the items we can't control, such as FX rates, the supply chain and labor market constraints we don't have a crystal ball, but it appears we will be confronting these uncontrollable items as we enter 2023. That said, I am confident our operational excellence efforts can navigate and effectively manage most any challenge. Why? Simply stated, we have the best teams in each of our segments and industry and their track record over the last three years speaks for itself and for that, I offer a tremendous thank you to our team members across the globe that make it happen each and every day. They define what it means to be LKQ proud. And with that operator we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first questions from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on the quarter.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Rick, I wanted to start on something you said around kind of North American margins. I think the comment you made was you expected them to moderate going forward maybe 4Q into next year. Can you just provide more detail on what the drivers of that outlook is? Is it a change in underlying core margin to due to maybe wage or other cost pressure or kind of what, what was driving that comment around moderation going forward?
Rick Galloway: Yes. Thanks Daniel for your question. Good – it's a good question. The margins we had in Q3 obviously very favorable record that we had and so very pleased with what the team's done. One of the things that we've seen over the last call it 12 months or so is the competitive market and the ability of us to be able to pass through some pricing and do it pretty effectively early on. So there's a couple of things that are happening, one of the things that we'll see is the increase in our overall product cost inflation that, that we would expect. And going back to what we've seen and what we told you guys in Q2 is the long-term view for us is probably somewhere in the low-to-mid-17 is where we would expect that to be. With the inflationary increases that that we keep seeing, the ability to pass on that cost to our customers will be a little more challenged as we come into 2023. I would think that it would be a slow move – a little bit slower moves to those numbers that we've said on the long term piece though.
Dominick Zarcone: I don't know if you want to add anything on that.
Varun Laroyia: No, that's good.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, thank you. So I do have two. So this one's a little out of the left field, it's geopolitical, so I'm curious about your views on looking forward, it appears the EU energy crisis as peaked a bit. We're at full capacity on natural gas supplies. Maybe there's a little relief, so I'm curious about that and then the other part of that same question. The China leadership not changes, but continuity, what's the Plan B if China decides it's going to embargo shipping out of Taiwan and what's Plan B related to that? And then I have a question about 2023 after that?
Dominick Zarcone: Okay. Michael, this is Nick. Thanks for your question. As you know, and as everyone knows, the entire aftermarket collision parts industry moved to Taiwan decades ago. There are no material production capacity outside of Taiwan. It just doesn't exist. There are no plants sitting in Mexico or Vietnam or India sitting idle waiting for the Taiwanese machine to get shutdown, right? It doesn't exist. Now we pay very close attention, obviously to geopolitical events and we're not overly concerned about the scenario that that you laid out where China would effectively shut down the Taiwanese economy because they wouldn't pick out auto parts specifically and the reality is, if they were to shut down the economy and shut down kind of shipments out of Taiwan, auto parts is the least of everyone's concern. 65% of all semiconductor production and 90% of all advanced chip production comes out of Taiwan. So if China were to embargo export shipments, you would not be able to buy iPhones or new cars or metal equipment or anything that has a chip in it. And we think that the Chinese leadership is they're very smart, they certainly don't want to cook the golden goose that Taiwan represents in form of a really strong economy. Our sense and in talking with outside advisors is it'd be more likely that China would move kind of to a Hong Kong model first where they would seek to have significant influence over the territory, but not just shut – totally just shut down their economy.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And then the second follow up question, I realize you're still in budget process for 2023, but there's some knowns sitting here today, where your interest rates move to taxes, FX, freight, what are those pieces of the waterfall, what is the net plus or minus of those relative to the new midpoint? And then clearly you have a positive view about their structural growth still. So I'm just trying to understand headwinds?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So on the 2023 outlook you are absolutely correct. We're in the middle of our budget process and we have yet to see any submissions from the field. We don't have a consolidated view at this time. What I can tell you however, is that nothing has changed maturely from what we presented back at the Analyst Day and the Investor Day this past June 1st in Nashville. So on the revenue front, we will likely shake out at a consolidated per day growth rate similar to 2023 or similar to 2022. But we'd probably get there with a slightly different mix as indicated in my prepared comments we do not anticipate that the recent double-digit organic growth in North America wholesale business will be sustainable. It's just, it's too high. Europe should post up similar organic growth next year as what we're doing this year, which is in the mid-single digits. We do anticipate that specialty will return to positive revenue growth, likely in the low- to mid-single digits and self-service assuming scrap prices stay where they are can sustain low- to mid-single digit growth as well for their parts and services business. All that obviously is based on what we talked about in Nashville and that is market growth being in the low-single digits, a bit of share gain, which we always are trying to achieve each and every year in each of our businesses and some boost from inflation. As Rick indicated 2023 will have one pure selling day than 2022 which clips you for a few basis points of growth, 40 basis points to be exact. And so hopefully that gives you a sense of local currency revenue trends, but the strong dollars that we've had this year that's going to carry over assuming rates stay about where they are next year. And so Michael, when you and everyone else on the call are building your models you should probably bake in kind of the exchange rates over the last few weeks, which is about $0.97 for the Euro and $1.11 for the sterling because at those levels, just to put it in perspective, that's like a $450 million headwind from a U.S. dollar perspective after taking into account the translation impact to the currencies. Now, in terms of margins, as we just indicated in answering Daniel's questions long-term, we believe that our North American wholesale business can sustain margins in that low- to mid-17% range. We don't expect to go from where we are today down to 17% next year. We think it's going to be a more gradual decline. In Europe we are absolutely committed to achieving consistent double-digit EBITDA margins. The one LKQ year program is still underway. We would expect to see some minor margin improvements with specialty, particularly if we can get some modest revenue growth and the self-service margins assuming no significant changes in scrap prices should get back to kind of mid-teens. On free cash flow, again, 55% to 60% of EBITDA we believe is the right target. Interest costs will be higher due to the impact of the higher rates on our floating rate line of credit balances as Varun indicated that was about $1.6 billion as of September 30th. At current interest rates, that would be about a $28 million headwind, which is about $0.07 a share. Now obviously earnings per share will benefit from the 17 million shares that we repurchased thus far in 2022. So we've got a lot of work ahead of us on the budgeting front. But hopefully that gives you enough to get into the right zip code when building your models for next year.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Ali Faghri with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Ali Faghri: Good morning and thanks for taking my question and Varun and Rick congrats again on the new roles.
Rick Galloway: Thank you Ali.
Ali Faghri: So my question is on used car pricing, obviously we're seeing used car prices come down real time right now. Maybe you can remind us what the impact is of lower used car prices on your business?
Rick Galloway: Yes. Simply lower used car prices generally translate into lower cost of the vehicles – of the total loss vehicles at the salvage auctions because there's as prices come down the competition at the auctions includes rebuilders and if used car prices come down, what they can pay for their feed stock if you will that total loss vehicle has to come down as well, if they're going to maintain their margins. And so it's not a dollar-for-dollar reduction if you will, but we would expect that as used car prices settled down a little bit, that the price that we have to pay for the cars at auction will also come in a bet.
Ali Faghri: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions as well and congratulations to the whole team. Varun, I wanted to start with you and ask about your priorities for Europe and maybe frame them in the context of the LKQ 1 strategy. Where do you see an opportunity to double down on some of these initiatives and where might you dial back your priorities in order to focus on what you see as the highest priority?
Varun Laroyia: Well, good morning, Craig and thank you for the kind wishes. Super excited both Rick and myself, but I think it really is yet another testament to the work that we as a management team have done from a talent development perspective that all the dominoes that kind of went through were all fulfilled internal with internal talent. With regards to the European business now that I've been on that the ground for a little over a month at this point of time, I kid you not. I am so excited about the opportunities we have out there, both internal and external, and I kind of frame it up from a market perspective in any case, if you think about the limited new car inventory, think about elevated used car prices. Think about the aging carpark. These are all supportive of a healthy demand in the aftermarket. So that's just kind of framing the piece and despite the fact that VMT is under pressure given the energy prices over in Europe, listen people are still doing hybrid working. So as you think about the go-forward run rate with regards to more people coming from a day into the office a week to two days, moving now towards companies trying to push for three days a week and then from there on VMT will recover and hopefully at some point of time once the geopolitical crises also tend to calm down a little bit more specifically the Ukraine/Russia conflict that's ongoing. I am bullish about the future. So that's it in terms of framing that entire piece. With regards to my specific priorities very simple, the first one is we grow the business and we will grow the business faster than the market. Organic growth will be the key focus though we always have the opportunity to look into highly accretive and selective acquisitions. So number one, grow the business. The second one is be decisive about prioritization and then just flawlessly execute. We have so much opportunity across Europe that arguably on the flip side of it is we have too much opportunity. And so really the key piece that I have shared with my management team is making the fundamentals – building the fundamentals, which essentially as a distribution business is the right part at the right place and at the right price, and then we will deliver flawlessly, right? We are here to promote affordable mobility and that really is what we do. There is no one else that has the kind of distribution footprint, the scale, the ability to invest through cycles, our advanced logistics distribution centers like in Tamworth, in Berkel, coupled with an aging carpark, super excited. And this is before I get into some of the internal programs such as back office and private label. Those continue to remain opportunities for us. So, number one, grow the business faster than the market. Second, be decisive about prioritization and flawlessly execute. And the final one is developing talent. We have a tremendous management team out there. Super, super I've kind of put them up against absolutely anybody. But again, our ability to develop talent further as we continue to execute on the various opportunities out there. To your question about the one LKQ Euro program, if you actually pull out the presentation that Nick and myself had presented on the 10th of September 2019, there were four fundamental building blocks. One was procurement, the second one was private label, a third was revenue optimization, and then the fourth one was essentially the ERP, okay. Those are the key priorities and that is really where we are doubling down. I feel super excited about where we are, but clearly there is more work to be done and just making sure that we don't get distracted by the various, I'd say peripheral opportunities and really double down on what we had committed to doing. So that really is where we are and as I said, yes the macroeconomic clouds are darkening, but in terms of our ability to execute through those, given the sectoral tailwinds, very, very excited.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Scott Stember with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning, and I echo my compliments as well to everybody in management. Thanks for taking my question.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you Scott.
Scott Stember: You guys talked about Europe seeing some areas that are growing in low doubles. Could you just maybe parse out which areas in Europe did better? And with regards to, I guess, what you're seeing right now, are you seeing any signs that the countercyclical benefits of the mechanical aftermarket are starting to kick in?
Varun Laroyia: Hi, Scott, it's Varun. Let me answer your question. Listen, in terms of the elevated gas prices, those are something that's something that we certainly tracking. We don't get regular VMT data like we get here in the United States, but there are other metrics, other KPIs that essentially kind of I give you the same result, whether it be congestion indices, whether it be fuel consumption, diesel, petrol, things along those lines. So that is something that I am keenly watching along with my team. And yes, there are certain pressures from that perspective.  But having said that pricing, the higher input cost that's coming through is being priced through across the entire market, right. And that's kind of moving into, call it, mid-to-high single digits, and that is coming through. You can see that through the gross margin side of things also. So with regards to, is there any deferral taking place at this point of time, we really haven't seen any deferral other than the fact that service mechanicals you need to – if you're driving and even if you're not driving once a year, you need to get your oil and oil filter changed, for example. So from that perspective, the countercyclical nature of what we do over in Europe is actually very, very resilient. And that really is what we are excited about. Pricing is sticking through at this point of time, and I know given how we operate our businesses, service reliability, having access to inventory, having a pristine balance sheet that supports us, my sense is there will be more stress in the broader market. But the larger ones will continue to power their way through because we are seeing some fairly rational behavior taking place across the market. I think on a go-forward basis, something to watch out for is inflation. Okay. And that certainly while it's kind of gone through the cog side of it in that has stuck, my sense is that certainly will be coming through on the labor side. I think based on CPI numbers that we're seeing out of the various European markets, that certainly is a key focus area for my team and myself, and really driving the productivity side of things where, again, we have a tremendous opportunity as with the three advanced logistics distribution centers that we've already set up essentially to futureproof our business. But again, lots more to do out there. And again, it won't be plain sailing for everybody, but really this is when market leaders, thoughtful leadership teams really rise to the top.
Scott Stember: All right. And just one follow-up. Any update on State Farm?
Dominick Zarcone: The answer is yes and no. So as you recall, Scott, during the summer State Farm initiated a 12-week pilot program in the State of Texas and Oklahoma where they decided to start using aftermarket headlights, taillights and bumpers. Well, that 12-week period has come to an end. That said, State Farm has continued to keep the program alive in the State of Texas and in the State of Oklahoma, and it's active today.  We're assuming that State Farm is reviewing all the data from their pilot, and certainly while there can be no assurances of any change, we take the fact that the program is still on place and ongoing a month or so after it was supposed to come to a close, we take that as a positive indication. Look, there is nothing more that we would prefer than for State Farm to expand the program, both from a geographic perspective. I mean, taking it national would be awesome. And from a product per perspective, that being all aftermarket parts as opposed to just headlights, taillights and bumpers. We have a continuous dialogue with all the major insurance companies. We're in constant communication. And obviously if State Farm decides to broaden their aftermarket utilization we will be sure to let everybody know. So officially, there is no news, but unofficially they're keeping the pilot going, which we take as a positive as opposed to a negative.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Dominick Zarcone: Good, good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia: Good, good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Hey, Varun, now that you've been in Europe for a month, and I guess we were talking about the 1 LKQ plan. How do you handicap that ERP consolidation? And maybe if you could talk about sort of over what period of time, it seems like such a complicated mix of supply chain systems over there? Having lived with it is that as big an opportunity as you thought initially?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, listen, I think, in terms of, just to kind of remind everyone from a broader perspective, you are essentially talking about one of the key underpinnings of the 1 LKQ Europe program was to essentially integrate certain backend processes of the business. So, maintaining the frontend, entrepreneurial, local nature of our business and making sure we have best-in-class customer intimacy, and also the last mile of delivery, no change to any of that. But in terms of one of the key enablers in unlocking the overall cost to serve is from a back office perspective. Nick and I have talked about this ad nauseam with regards to where we get our payables done from, where payroll runs from, that, frankly, 1 rate [ph] doesn't care about as much as long as it is done efficiently and effectively. But really it's the case of having the ERP system out there, which unlocks all of these pieces. Nothing has changed on that front. And if you go back to thinking about how we built up the European business, largely bought through private equity companies. And that has, I think, as all of us know, typically have a very limited time horizon with regards to certain investments. So in terms of making the investment on the ERP, no change at all. In fact, that's an area that I'm working with my management team to double down and get it done even quicker because the pools of opportunity that it opens up are still very, very attractive. So no change on that front and really making sure that the entire organization has got its shoulder behind it rather than it being a technology project. So some due difference out there in the first few weeks, but overall, no change on that front in terms of where we are going.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then a question on specialty. When you think about the RV business versus the SEMA type categories, could you sort of talk about relative cyclicality? And I think you'd expected sort of positive low single digit growth in 2023. What would be the impact of a recession, maybe as it sort of like, as you look at the SEMA side of that business?
Dominick Zarcone: I'll take that one Bret. What we have seen is our revenue on the RV side is not tied necessarily to RV SAR, new unit sales, as much as it's tied to campground utilization. And so unlike – there are a couple product lines that I indicated things like towing, there is a direct correlation to new unit sales because the first time RV buyers usually need to get hitches and related towing gear installed on their vehicle. But again, most of the RV revenue comes from kind of consumables and things that need to be replaced. And that's directly related to the overall size of the RV park, as well as the campground utilization, which is currently running at record levels. And so there is going to be a little bit of a ying and a yang if a recession really does hit. What we also know is that during recessionary times folks kind of reallocate their vacation dollars and would tend to shy away from getting on applying and applying to Disney World and look for more cost effective ways to vacation with their families and camping cost effective way of doing that. On the SEMA side of the business there are a number of products tied to new vehicle sales, particularly pickup trucks, jeeps and other SUVs. The enthusiast marketplace tends to hold pretty steady through the recessionary environments. And so at the end of the day, Bret, it depends on how deep and how long the recession goes. And we can't predict that. We feel good about our market position as being the leader in that market, and we will continue to work hard to drive profitable revenue growth wherever we can.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey good morning all. Quick question on the recycled side. I mean, we could be looking at an unprecedented decline in used car prices for the next year or two. How does that impact what you're buying at auction? And then I guess the other question I would have there is do you see – do the prices of the parts as the cars come down on the recycled side, do they come down concurrently with the decline in car prices?
Dominick Zarcone: I'll take that and then I will invite Rick to provide any commentary that he may have. The reality is as prices come down, as I indicated, the cost of what we have to pay at auction tends to come down as well. Again, it's not dollar for dollar, but there is a correlation there. The reality is that doesn't make us buy more vehicles or not. We buy the vehicles that we need to have the inventory that we believe is required to fulfill customer demand. Okay? We don't bid on every car that comes to the auction and we bid on the vehicles based on the parts demand that we see and the need to have the inventory. And so that's not going to change. We're going to stay very focused on utilizing our models, our AI, and the like to buy the vehicles that we need to drive the best margin. Just buying a total loss vehicle because it's for sale. If those [indiscernible] are going sit on their warehouse shelf for the next year or two there is no utility to us doing that. And so we focus on buying what we need. And if the car prices come down, that is great. We do not adjust pricing of the parts based on the cost of the car because again, we price relative to where the OEs have their prices, we need to maintain that value proposition for the insurance companies to continue to have them push the utilization of alternative parts. And so our ability to price up in some parts based on what the OEs are doing, but just because the price comes down doesn't mean we’ll automatically lower the price of the parts that we sell. But Rick, anything else?
Rick Galloway: No, I think it was spot on.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. And then lastly, Varun, you mentioned something about, or somebody did, what's the impact of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates on your interest expense?
Rick Galloway: Yes, no, I'm the one who mentioned that Gary. Essentially at the end of September, we had about $1.6 billion of variable rate debt on the revolver. So every 100 basis points will essentially be $16 million of higher interest expense. That was a simple math. So total debt was about $2.4 billion. We had cash and handed for about $270 million and net debt of $2.2 million, which as you know, we've got two euro bonds for half a billion and two and fifty million. So, the only change on that really would be on the variable rate debt.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next questions from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thanks for letting me do the follow-up. When do we see, or maybe you answered it by saying there would be a gradual decline back to normal margins in U.S., the benefit of freight coming through on the inventory that is a margin plus.
Rick Galloway : Yes, so I appreciate the question. So, we've been seeing obviously this the spike that we saw earlier in the year, late last year, earlier this year. And so you would start seeing the relative decline over Q4 going into Q1 as it sort of normalizes with a lot of offsetting items. Right? So, there is the other inflationary increases that we're keeping a keen eye on along with product cost increases that are somewhat flowing through that inventory level as well. So, the other thing to keep in mind is that as the spot market was rapidly going up due to our size and scale, we were able to get a lot of contracted rates. And so some of the increase that we saw would have been mitigated against competition.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So, another way of thinking about that Michael, is as the spot pricing escalated from what was $2,500 for a 40-foot container back in 2019 to as high as $20,000 in parts of 2021 and early 2022. Because so much of our volume came on contracted rates we were hurt less than our smaller competitors when the spot markets soared and we're going to benefit less as the spot market comes back in. That will all roll through our inventory and then ultimately into the cost of goods sold. 
Operator: And this does conclude the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Nick for any closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Well, obviously as always, we really thank you for your time and attention. We understand there is a lot of things going on today in the markets. We certainly look forward to providing another update in late February of 2023 when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. And at that point in time, we'll establish obviously our full year 2023 guidance. So again, we appreciate your time and attention as always. And thanks for your interest in LKQ.
Operator: This does conclude LKQ Corporation’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rex, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin your conference.
Joseph Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments relative to our performance in the quarter and then Varun will dive into the financial details and provide an update on our guidance before I come back with a few closing remarks. The second quarter of 2022 was one of the most unusual and complicated operating environments we've encountered maybe ever, but clearly, since the financial crisis. During the quarter, we were confronted with ongoing COVID risk and the issues associated with an uptick in positive cases in our workforce. Major labor constraints, ongoing supply chain disruptions, a challenging inflationary environment globally as evidenced by June being the highest level of inflation the United States have seen in some 40 years. Soaring energy prices, commodity price volatility, the unfortunate conflict in Ukraine and political unrest across the globe. And all this has resulted in major volatility in the foreign exchange markets with the euro weakening materially in the quarter and reaching parity with the dollar in July. I think I speak for all CEOs across all industries when I say the sheer number of cross currents and headwinds have created some very challenging business dynamics. Yet, the LKQ team delivered another quarter of solid performance, driven by excellent focus and execution, exceeding many expectations, both internally and externally. I am very proud of the hard work and dedication demonstrated by our 45,000 employees that enabled our company to deliver on behalf of our stockholders and our customers during the quarter. I am equally proud of the team's commitment to effectively immense the dynamics of our business, which they can control, while not losing focus on growing the business, developing our people and continuously looking for opportunities to generate leverage and synergies across our operating segments. This effective management will serve the company well as we progress through the balance of 2022 and continue to confront many of the same headwinds. Our confidence in our team's ability to manage through this environment is validated by the reaffirming of our 2022 guidance, which Varun will discuss shortly. Now on to the quarter. Revenue for the second quarter of 2022 was $3.3 billion, a decrease of 2.7% as compared to $3.4 billion in the second quarter of 2021. Parts and services organic revenue increased 3.8% on a reported basis and 4.2% on a per day basis. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by 1%, and foreign exchange rates decreased revenue by 5.6% for total parts and services revenue decrease of 2.7% on a reported basis or 2.4% on a per day basis. Other revenue fell 2.9%, driven by a decline in precious metal prices. Net income for the quarter was $420 million as compared to $305 million for the same period of last year. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.49 as compared to $1.01 for the same period of 2021, an increase of 47.5%. These amounts reflects a $127 million gain on sale of the PGW Glass business in April or $0.45 a share. On an adjusted basis, net income in the quarter was $307 million as compared to $340 million for the same period of 2021. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.09 as compared to $1.13 for the same period last year, a 3.5% decrease. The adjusted results exclude the impact of the PGW sale. Now let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. In North America, organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment increased 10.7% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, which exceeded our expectations. This performance confirms the resiliency of our business model and our team's ability to effectively implement pricing initiatives to offset inflationary pressures. As it relates to volume, during the quarter, we saw some weakness, which was consistent with a 2.6% decrease in second quarter fuel consumption as measured by the U.S. Department of Energy. Additionally, vehicle miles traveled saw a little year-over-year growth, and Q2 growth was down relative to Q1. The largest pressure point in North America continues to be the aftermarket collision parts product line, which experienced reduced year-over-year volumes due to lower performance rates associated with the supply chain disruptions. During the quarter, we benefited from some minor relief in the aftermarket supply chain relative to Q1, which translated into a very modest increase in our fill rates, with June aftermarket fill rates reaching the highest levels of 2022. While we are still well below historical levels, we are encouraged by this modest positive trend in the supply chain, which is also evidenced by the decrease of spot container costs the market witnessed during the quarter, albeit the shipping costs are still multiples above pre-pandemic levels. During the quarter, we were successful in getting a higher level of aftermarket collision parts shipped from Taiwan, but most all of that inventory is still on the water and won't be received in our warehouses until late summer or early fall. Our salvage collision part volumes were up a bit compared to last year as we were able to shift some of the aftermarket demand over to recycled parts. Recycled and remanufactured mechanical part volumes were generally flat on a year-over-year basis. The value proposition of alternative parts could not be more attractive that insurance carriers base loss pressures from increased parts cost, rising labor cost and technician shortages at the repair shops, broader supply chain issues and decreased availability and increased cost of rental cars. During the quarter, collision repair costs increased 11.6% year-over-year with cycle time still being over double their historical averages. Recently, the value proposition of CAPA Certified Aftermarket Parts is being recognized by the largest auto insurer in the United States, that being State Farm through a small pilot program. On June 20, State Farm began an 8-week program where it introduced aftermarket bumper covers, headlights and taillights when preparing repair estimates and settling auto claims in the Oklahoma and Texas markets. As you all know, State Farms historically has not utilized the aftermarket collision parts. We cannot predict the outcome of the pilot or estimate how this will impact State Farm's parts strategy going forward and neither should you. That said, as with many things, the first test is the widest and the tallest and we're cautiously optimistic that aftermarket parts could potentially become a larger portion of State Farm's parts spend over the long term, as they work through the outcomes of this pilot program. Moving on to our European segment. Organic revenue for parts and services in the second quarter increased 4.2% on a reported basis and 4.9% on a per day basis. Our regional operations continued to experience varying revenue performance in the quarter, but every geographic market was positive year-over-year with our Benelux, U.K., Central and Eastern European and salvage businesses being the top performers. Importantly, Italy realized year-over-year growth, which reflected the second consecutive quarter of positive revenue performance in that region. As mentioned last quarter, we halted all sales of parts into Russia when the war commenced. This decision reduced same-day organic growth for the European segment during the second quarter by approximately 1.5% to 1%. Excluding the impact of the lost Russian revenue, same-day organic growth in Europe was 5.4%. When taken as a whole, the European volumes were down a bit during the quarter, but pricing was strong. We continue to make great progress with our 1 LKQ Europe Program. Alongside solid organic growth during the quarter, our European segment achieved double-digit segment EBITDA margins which represented incremental improvements, both sequentially and year-over-year. Our European teams focus on pricing actions, private label branding and procurement initiatives generated positive results in the quarter. As I've said before, the execution element of the 1 LKQ Europe program will be with us forever, and it will be the driving factor behind the productivity improvements in years to come. Given all the current operating challenges in Europe, including the foreign exchange and geopolitical dynamics, I am very pleased with Europe's performance in the quarter. Now let's move on to our specialty segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for specialty declined 11.5% in the quarter, largely due to a tough year-over-year comp. As you may recall, this segment reported 30% organic growth in the second quarter of last year. So on a 2-year stack, the annual revenue growth is still well into double digits. Indeed, specialty revenue in the second quarter would have been a record for the team, if not for the buoyant performance in 2021. Our RV parts category performed better than the segment level growth as a whole during the quarter, as demand for the majority of our RV parts offerings is driven more by the size of the RV part and not new RV unit volume. That said, certain product groups such as towing that have some exposure to new unit volume, underperformed in the quarter. Also, some of the softness that the SEMA-related products based in the quarter was due to a year-over-year decrease in light vehicle sales in the U.S. In particular, pickup truck sales were down nearly 12% in the quarter, an important vehicle category for our specialty offerings. Now on to self service. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Self Service segment increased 13.2%. There were some softness towards the end of the quarter in precious metals prices, which also impacted segment EBITDA margins year-over-year. Self service also had increased vehicle procurement costs as we were challenged to source inventory. The recent volatility in commodities further validates the rationale for breaking out this nondistribution Self Service business as a separate segment, given it represents the vast majority of the other revenue category. Let's move on to the initial Q3 revenue trends. Revenue for North America wholesale operation have gotten off to a solid start, though we don't anticipate it will continue at the double-digit growth rates experienced in the first half of the year. Our European segment is also witnessing a good start, with growth rates continuing at second quarter levels. Lastly, specialty revenue is slowly trending back towards prior year levels now that it has lapsed the incredibly strong growth rates experienced in the first half of 2021. We are experiencing some level of supply chain shortages and disruptions across all of our segments. These disruptions are creating product scarcity and freight delays that are resulting in meaningful availability pressures. While supply chain challenges are also driving cost inflation across all our segments, we have been very effective in passing along these higher costs, as witnessed by our margin performance. Alongside supply chain inflationary pressures, like many businesses across the globe, we are facing wage inflation and increased competition for labor. We are constantly looking at our wage structure and turnover rates across all of our segments to ensure that we stay ahead of any competitive pressures and help backfill the open positions with the best candidates we can attract. Our focus on the total rewards received by LKQ employees, not just compensation, is helping us navigate the difficult labor markets. From a corporate development perspective, in the second quarter, we acquired 4 businesses. In the United States, we acquired Bumblebee Batteries, another EV battery remanufacturing operation. In Europe, we acquired a workshop concept in The Netherlands, 2 very small former Hess Automotive branch locations in Germany and the equity interest of our former JV partner in a small aftermarket parts business in Germany. In addition to closing on the sale of our PGW business during the quarter, we also divested our equity interest in 2 small joint ventures. Lastly, on the ESG front, on May 23, we released our 2021 Sustainability Report and unveiled our new brand identity, reflecting the company's transformation from a salvage dismantler and recycler to a leading global value-added and sustainable distributor of vehicle parts accessories and services. LKQ is widely known and respected for our environmental stewardship. But within our 2021 CSR, we provided a deeper understanding of our social impact initiatives and strong governance structure, both of which underpin the long-term strength and success of our business. This year's report is another step in evolving our holistic ESG focus across our global organization with new and robust disclosures and accomplishments. Also during the quarter, 50/50 Women On Boards, a leading education and efficacy campaign driving the movement towards gender balance and diversity on corporate Boards recognized LKQ as a 3-plus company. This award acknowledges our efforts in understanding the importance and advantages of having a diverse Board that ultimately benefit stockholders, customers, employees and communities. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run you through the details of the strong second quarter financial performance.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. I'm excited to be able to report that we carried the momentum generated by our operational excellence initiatives through the second quarter and produced another strong set of financial results. As Nick described, there is a great deal of volatility in the market related to inflation, supply chain challenges, exchange rate fluctuations and commodity price movements on top of the geopolitical events and the ongoing pandemic. All these factors could easily have become a distraction and taken our focus away from executing on our operational priorities. I'm proud to say that the LKQ team did not let that happen, and our second quarter results reflect this ability to stay on point. Let me start with some highlights of the last quarter. As we announced in June, Moody's became the final of the 3 rating agencies to assign LKQ an investment-grade rating following previous upgrades by Fitch and S&P. We believe that we've taken the right actions over the last 3 years to strengthen our credit profile, and the Moody's upgrade to Baa3 with a stable outlook is further validation of our strategy. As discussed last quarter, achieving an investment-grade rating opens opportunities to improve free cash flow over the upcoming years, in addition to the immediate drop-off in the leans to the credit facility following the covenant suspension. With respect to free cash flow, we produced a healthy $288 million in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date figure to $638 million, and importantly, putting us on pace to achieve our full year guidance of $1 billion. I'm pleased that we were able to build our inventory towards the optimal level as shipping congestion eased a little bit which resulted in a net cash outflow for the quarter of $162 million on this specific account. Strong free cash flow, along with the proceeds from the PGW Glass sale allowed us to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders. We repurchased over 8 million shares for $404 million and paid a quarterly dividend totaling $70 million. In just the last 12 months, we have repurchased over 20 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion and paid $215 million in dividends. In May, our board authorized a further $500 million increase to our share repurchase program to a total of $2.5 billion being authorized. We had about $600 million available as of the end of June, and we have remained active in the market in July. As previously stated, in April, we completed the sale of the PGW aftermarket glass distribution business for gross proceeds of $361 million. We recognized a pretax gain on sale of $155 million or $127 million after tax. Our U.S. GAAP EPS reflects the $0.45 gain, though we have deducted the gain from the calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. I'll now shift to the quarterly results. As expected, and previously communicated, precious metal prices were a drag on results year-over-year, generating a $32 million negative effect on segment EBITDA and an $0.08 headwind on adjusted diluted EPS. Most of the impact related to the precious metals found in catalytic converters, the prices of which were near record levels in the second quarter of 2021, roughly $20 million of the negative effect was reflected in the Self Service segment. Exchange rates created a further headwind as the average rate for the euro and pound sterling decreased by 12% and 10%, respectively, compared to Q2 of 2021. The currency impact reduced segment EBITDA by $20 million and adjusted diluted EPS by $0.04 relative to last year. And finally, not having the PGW business for the full quarter was a further $12 million headwind to segment EBITDA versus the prior year. Keeping those external factors in mind, our second quarter results reflect a solid operating performance, while gross margin decreased by 30 basis points compared to a year ago, a 70 basis point negative effect came from the metals prices alone. Benefits in pricing and mix partially offset the metals impact. Overhead expenses, as a percentage of revenue, rose 60 basis points year-over-year due to inflationary pressures. Income taxes were booked at 25.3% for the year-to-date period, a 20 basis point increase over our prior guidance, reflecting the shift in the geographic mix of U.S. dollar earnings, as impacted by the significant shift in FX rates since we spoke 90 days ago. As Nick mentioned, diluted EPS was $1.49 for the quarter, including the $0.45 PGW gain and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.09. I'll now turn to the segment operating results. Starting on Slide 8. Wholesale North America produced an EBITDA margin of 18.7% for the quarter, down 90 basis points from the prior year period. Gross margin declined by 80 basis points. Inflationary increases in material and freight costs were offset by higher parts pricing and productivity initiatives. Segment overhead expenses were roughly flat owing to lower personnel costs from incentive compensation and productivity initiatives to mitigate inflationary pressures. Europe reported a 10.8% EBITDA margin for the quarter, up 10 basis points from the prior year period. As you'll see on Slide 9, gross margin improved by 80 basis points, primarily from procurement initiatives and pricing. Overhead expenses increased by 60 basis points from higher personnel, freight and fuel costs. The segment's strong second quarter performance reinforces the team's expectation that they will deliver a double-digit margin for the full year. Moving to Slide 10. Specialty's EBITDA margin of 13.4% declined 150 basis points compared to the prior year, mostly coming from a decrease in overhead expense leverage, driven by an organic revenue decline of 11.5%, as the anniversary a very tough comp from the prior year when the business delivered over 30% organic revenue growth in the first and second quarters of 2021. Inflationary pressures also grew overhead expenses higher including personnel, freight and fuel expenses. The overhead expense increases were partially offset by 60 basis points of benefits from operating expense synergies, mostly generated from the SeaWide acquisition. To provide some context to the segment's performance, pre-pandemic in Q2 of 2019, specialty reported a margin of 12.7%. Since then, the team has made great progress on pricing and productivity, resulting in a 70 basis point improvement from the second quarter of '19 through to Q2 of 2022, in addition to growing the business by over $100 million in revenue. Moving to self service. Self service reported an EBITDA margin of 15.3% for the second quarter of 2022, a solid result for the segment, but below the heightened margin achieved a year ago. The decrease in self service's margin in Q2 of 2022 was driven by movements in metal prices estimated as an 840 basis point negative effect year-over-year, higher car costs and inflationary increases related to freight, fuel and personnel expenses. The third quarter will be markedly tougher for the segment as the higher car costs from the second quarter cycle through in a significantly lower pricing environment for metals before stabilizing in the fourth quarter. I touched on liquidity and capital allocation in the highlights, so I'll reference a few other items of note. As shown on Slide 13, our year-to-date conversion ratio of free cash flow to EBITDA is roughly 70%, noting that the glass proceeds and the gain on sale are not reflected in these figures. There continue to be timing elements that will reverse over the course of the year, and we are confident in our ability to generate sustainable free cash flow in line with expectations of converting EBITDA to free cash flow in the 55% to 60% range for the full year. We have made further progress in rebuilding our inventory levels to achieve our fill rates targets. As you can see on Slides 31 and 32, we have increased inventory in 3 of our 4 segments since December 2021. Specialty was flat through December, but was in a stronger position than our other segments and thus hasn't required a similar inventory build. We remain confident that our inventory positions will enable each segment to continue to offer best-in-class availability and service reliability relative to our competitors. Moving on to capital allocation. We paid down our debt balance by $248 million in the quarter. Our net leverage ratio came in at 1.2x EBITDA and interest coverage exceeds 30x. It's worth noting that our net leverage ratio of 1.2x is in line with the June 2021 figure despite the use of $1.3 billion for share repurchases and dividend payments over the last 12 months. As our earnings release of this morning indicated, the Board has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share, which will be paid on September 1 to stockholders of record as of August 11. I will wrap up my prepared comments with our updated thoughts on projected 2022 results. Our guidance assumes there are no significant negative developments related to the COVID-19 in our major markets. Scrap and precious metal prices hold near average June prices and the Ukraine-Russia conflict does not escalate further. On foreign exchange, our guidance includes recent European rates with the balance of year rates for the euro of $1.02 and the pounds sterling at $1.20. Starting with the revenue outlook. We remain comfortable with our revenue outlook and are holding our organic parts and services growth range between 4.5% and 6.5%. We are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.85 up to $4.05 with a midpoint of $3.95. We have narrowed the range as we are halfway through the year, but maintained the midpoint of our prior guidance. To understand why we held the midpoint, please refer to Slide 18 in the presentation, which bridges our prior and current guidance figures. We generated operational benefits in the second quarter and expect further upside in the second half of the year. The total operational improvement is $0.11, which highlights the resilience of the business in difficult trading conditions. While the Ukraine-Russia conflict is still a negative on a full year basis, we have seen better-than-expected results as areas of the country reopen with fighting concentrated in the eastern part of Ukraine. We are honored to be able to support critical mobility needs in the country where feasible and are very proud of the work being done by our colleagues in Ukraine. Capital allocation is also a benefit of $0.03 relative to our prior guidance, primarily related to timing. Note that we are including share repurchases through the week ended the 22nd of July in our guidance and as in prior periods, not assume any further retail purchases for the balance of the year. That's the good news, mostly tied to the areas directly under our control. And then there are other negatives, which are primarily external factors. Headwinds from the weakening FX rates, I mentioned earlier, contributed a $0.06 reduction relative to prior guidance. Declining metals prices are expected to have an additional negative $0.07 impact primarily in the third quarter as we turn cars purchased in the first and second quarters when metals prices were higher at a lower projected scrap and precious metal prices. FX rates and metals prices can move significantly over time. We may have further upside or downside if the actual figures play out differently than we have assumed in our guidance. And finally, we remain on track to deliver at least $1 billion of free cash flow for the year achieving strong free cash conversion in line with our expectations for the business. We haven't increased the minimum, given the negative exchange rate effects and the projected tax payment for the PGW gain, which, in the aggregate, are estimated to be approximately $50 million. We expect to overcome both factors to meet or exceed the $1 billion estimate. Thank you once again for your time this morning. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun, for that financial overview. Let me restate our key initiatives, which are central to our culture and our objectives. First, integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, to continue to invest in our future. As you can see from our results, we are committed to driving these metrics forward regardless of the operating environment. We are doing our very best to effectively manage the items which are under our control so as to offset the headwinds which are largely outside of our control. And for that, I offer a tremendous thank you to our team members across the globe that make it happen each and every day. They define what it means to be LKQ proud. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Stember.
Scott Stember: Congrats on the very strong results despite the nonstop headwinds that you're facing.
Dominick Zarcone: Thanks, Scott.
Scott Stember: First question, I'm just going to jump right to State Farm. Obviously, they left the market more than 20 years ago and they've come back in dipping their toe in. Can you maybe just size this up versus prior attempts of them going back in the market? How real this feels and how tangible and how big this could be, if it really does come to fruition?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So let's put everything in perspective. Great question, Scott. State Farm is the largest automobile insurance company in the United States of America. They have roughly an 18% market share. They stopped using aftermarket collision parts back in the late 1990s, as a result of some policy language that certain of their customers took issue with. It had nothing to do with the actual parts, it just had to do with policy language. And they stayed on the sidelines really throughout the entirety of their litigation, which lasted for 20 years. And in 2019, they finally settled that suit for about $250 million, which is dropping the bucket, right? That was 20 years ago. And over the last 3 years, people have been wondering now that, that was settled, are they going to come back? State Farm is a very thoughtful, very conservative organization and they move pretty slowly. And this is just a pilot. It's a AV pilot in 2 states with 3 product lines. That said, it is encouraging that this is really the first time outside of some pilots with chrome bumpers for pickup trucks that they are actively looking at the market and evaluating the utilization of a broad array of parts. The reality is if they were to turn it on completely, all at once, which we don't think they will do, we think this is going to -- again, in classic State Farm fashion, this will draw out fairly slowly over time. There is a potential of an 18% increase in aftermarket demand because they're 18% in the marketplace. We don't anticipate any impact on our 2022 or 2023 results because, again, this will probably play out over a longer period.
Scott Stember: All right. And just going back to North America, you talked about in June, you saw some encouraging results from a fulfillment standpoint. Could you just give a little bit more detail on that?
Dominick Zarcone: Certainly, historically, our fulfillment rates in North America have been well into the mid-90% range. And coming out of the pandemic of all the supply chain issues and the like, we fell below 90%. We picked up a couple of percentage points in the month of June, which was good. We're still well below where we want to be, well below where we used to be. But the fact that we're moving up is encouraging. And obviously, a lot of that has to do with the aftermarket product, which, as I indicated in my prepared comments, was -- is the 1 product line that has been most affected by the supply chain challenges. The volume of aftermarket parts is down. Pricing is very strong, but the volume is down. And we have a lot of inventory on the water, as I mentioned. We were very successful in getting containers filled and on ships in the second quarter. We won't -- given the supply chain, we won't see that until late summer or early fall. But with that, we believe we will be in a good position to continue to drive fulfillment rates back north. We do not believe we're going to get back to plus 95%, but we're moving in the right direction.
Scott Stember: All right. And just lastly, your 4.5% to 6.5% parts and service organic growth rate has not changed, but has the composition by segment changed?
Dominick Zarcone: Not materially. Europe is right on track with where we would expect them to be, as I indicated. North America, in the first quarter and the second quarter, we're ahead of our expectations. And so there's a little bit more of a shift and impact from the North American business. The Specialty business, as we've seen given the monster comps that we had last year, was down, I think, 15% in the first quarter, 11% in the second quarter. We're trending in the right direction. Again, we've only got 20-some days of data on Q3. We're closing the gap. And our goal would be by the end of the year to be a lot closer to prior year numbers. So maybe a little bit of shift from out of specialty and into North America, but again, comfortable with that 4.5% to 6.5% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison.
Craig Kennison: First question, just on inflation. Nick, can you characterize the rate of inflation in your cost structure and whether that's easing at all?
Dominick Zarcone: Thanks, Craig. It's almost impossible to put a single number on inflation because it's coming at us from so many different corners at different rates. Fuel expenses are up dramatically. I mean gas used to be $3.50 a gallon. During the quarter, as high as over $5 a gallon. Now it's easing back a little bit. But that's not the 9% inflation that the rest of the -- that's being published about the United States inflationary factors, right? Labor rates are up significantly. The good news was in June, for example, we didn't have to go to the spot market for container shipment at all. It was all under contract. And so while it's still above where it was pre-pandemic, it wasn't quite as bad as we had feared. So it really varies almost by category of expense and by location. The experience in North America is different than in Europe. But overall, all of our costs are up. The cost of goods is up. All the SG&A expenses are up. Nothing is -- almost nothing is down other than what we can do to have productivity measures to reduce the consumption of SG&A type items. But it's a big headwind. There's no doubt about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler.
Brian Butler: Well, just the first one. Can we talk about the trade working capital opportunity? And how should we think about our model kind of some of the trade working benefits plays out in the second half of 2022?
Varun Laroyia: Brian, it's Varun Laroyia calling. That's a great question and certainly a topic very close to my heart, but also over the past few years for the entire organization out here. It is a key element of the revised annual cash incentive program since 2019. And just tremendously proud of the shoulder that every single individual across the enterprise has put into it. And clearly, as you see, we are happy with the inventory build as some of the supply chain congestions eased. Again, it is all relatively speaking, it certainly isn't back to pre-pandemic levels. But if you think about where we've been over the past couple of years, the second quarter was a good quarter for us to be able to pick up inventory in our businesses. And that certainly is what we're here to do to ensure that the right part available at the right place and at the right time. So that really has been the key for us. As you think about the second half of the year, similar to what we've done in the first half, we don't believe that we need to build up inventory levels significantly above where we currently are. But as you know, we typically do, do an inventory build in the fourth quarter because of the seasonality of the overall business coming out of the winter season in Q1 and Q2. So we do expect to build up some inventory towards the back end of the year, but the single biggest piece, as you can think about is the payables offset. And you certainly saw that in the second quarter also. While there was inventory build, we certainly had a nice move on our accounts payable balances to offset that. And then the final piece really within trade working capital is receivables. And on the back of some strong organic revenue growth, North America, as you would have seen on Slide #5, reporting a 10.7% organic revenue growth rate, Europe at 4.2% on a constant currency basis at 4.6%. We do expect receivable balances to move up. And I'm perfectly okay with that as long as our teams continue to manage the past due receivables. And so from that perspective, if the only big buildup is on the receivable side, that's okay. That's kind of -- that's the sign of a good healthy growing business. So overall, while we've had a good solid start in the first 6 months with free cash at about $638 million, we feel comfortable about hitting the minimum $1 billion that we have committed. You do need to note that with the FX challenges from a European perspective, the free cash that gets translated back into U.S. dollars, that obviously is lowered as a result of that, number one. But the other piece really is if you think about the PGW divestiture that we did in the second quarter, there are taxes to be paid, estimated taxes to be paid in the third quarter. Those 2 elements, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, amount to about $50 million, we'll overcome that. And hence, we're still kind of maintaining a minimum of $1 billion of free cash for the full year.
Brian Butler: Okay. That's very helpful. My second question was on kind of looking at -- can you talk a little bit about price and volume mix when you look at the U.S. and the EU for the parts and service business for the second quarter?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. The -- it's a great question. As we tried to indicate in our prepared comments, a lot of the organic growth, no surprise, given the inflationary environment that we're dealing with, has come through price. The volume question, again, like the inflationary question, it really depends clearly business by business, product line by product line. In North America, the aftermarket product volumes were down. Salvage collision volumes were actually up because we were able to transfer some of that demand for our aftermarket product into salvage product. The salvage mechanical side of things were kind of flattish. We had some uptick in the reman business. And so net-net, we had -- we were down in North America, but some things were down, some things were up. Same in Europe, you really have to go geography by geography. We had some of our businesses where the volumes were up low single digits, which is great. We had other areas where volumes were down, say, 1% or 1.25%. But pricing was very strong again. And specialty, with the 11.5% decline in organic volumes were down. But again, that's relative to the monster comp. So it really depends on business by business, geography by geography. I believe our teams are doing a great job of managing. We're always trying to get the most volume that we can because ultimately, that's important to sustaining the business. But equally it's important, particularly these days, is making sure that we're covering the inflationary pressures through our pricing actions. And so we're -- we believe the team is doing a nice job of balancing those 2 objectives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro.
Daniel Imbro: I want to start on the North American wholesale side. So obviously, the State Farm development feel like they're positive for growth. But I also want to ask on pricing. I think most of the quarter was driven by pricing. Are we still seeing OEMs raise prices further, Varun? And as you look to the back half and maybe into next year, I mean, would the expectation be that given the broader inflationary backdrop, these pricing increases continue? Or is there a risk that pricing flows or probably have to come down on the OEM side?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, Daniel, this is Nick. The OEs, they don't just increase all the prices on all their parts every month. That's not how they operate. They're very selective in how they're pricing their parts. Some prices go up significantly, some prices don't go up at all. And obviously, all the OEMs kind of have their own strategy. In general, their prices have gone up a little bit less than or generally less than overall inflation. And so we -- whenever they take their prices up, that provides us an opportunity, not just us as a whole, alternative parts industry as a whole, the ability to take pricing up a little bit as well. I can't predict what they're going to do in the future. Ultimately, they're dealing with the same types of inflationary pressures as all the other businesses as it relates to input costs, whether that be materials, commodities, labor, all the rest, right? All I can say is we will try -- we keep a very close eye as to how the OEs are pricing their product. We need to maintain a competitive stance. We think we're doing a good job of doing that in this current environment.
Daniel Imbro: Great. That's helpful, Nick. And then Varun, maybe one on the European margins. I think we touched on demand a bit in the last question. But I think at the Analyst Day of our call, you guys noted that further margin expansion was possible and above 10% profit levels. Given the change in the last 30, 60 days and FX rates, economic backdrop, inflation, I mean, do you still think it's possible to see EBITDA margin expansion this year, next year for Europe as you look ahead?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Listen, great question, Daniel, and thank you for giving us the opportunity to respond to that. Listen, I think, as you know, Q1 with the Ukraine-Russia conflict, there were some challenges associated with that. But the underlying business operates in a very resilient market. Folks have kind of talked about the fact that energy prices have been moving up with what's happening further out there. But we really haven't seen a significant drop off on a VMT basis, number one. And that really is the key driver for our European business. So from that perspective, really happy with the way our European business continues to perform. Nick obviously gave some color on the broader platforms in terms of how they've been performing also. I think the key piece out here has been making sure that we have the inventory to satisfy the demand, which we do. But overall, very happy with the way the margin trajectory of the European business continues, and we feel comfortable and confident about the double digits on a full year basis. With regards to 2023, we haven't given any guidance as of now. But needless to say, if you kind of go back to our commitment to the markets way back in September of 2019 when we launched the 1 LKQ Europe Program, at that point of time, we said exiting 2021, we would be a sustainable double-digit margin business. We certainly delivered that in '21. We're delivering that '22. There's no reason for us to start to backslide at this point of time. So while we haven't given any guidance, we do expect there to be further goodness from a margin and profitable growth perspective across our European segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan.
Bret Jordan: On that last question, Varun, you said that VMT has remained pretty stable in Europe. Could you talk about the consumer demand trend, I guess, sort of the cadence in the quarter as obviously compounding volatility over there? Has it had any impact as we've progressed?
Dominick Zarcone: Actually, the back part of the quarter was much stronger than the first quarter, Bret, which we were heartened to see. Again, you got to keep in mind, we're largely in what would be deemed a consumer nondiscretionary business, right? We provide service parts that keep vehicles on the road. People need their cars for mobility to get to work, to conduct their daily life. And if the car can't operate, they're going to spend the money to put it back into operational mode. And everyone knows in tough times, you can probably stretch out your oil change for a bit, right? You can stretch out some of the service items for a bit. But sooner or later, you need to repair your car, you need to keep it serviced. And that's what we love about our business, right? It's largely consumer nondiscretionary. No business is totally recession-proof if you want to use that word. But we feel very comfortable with where we are. And again, our operating results in May and June were much better than they were in April. So we're optimistic.
Bret Jordan: Great. And then within specialty, could you sort of carve out the performance differences between RV, which I think you called out as being pretty stable versus the SEMA-related product is sort of within that total specialty decline. Could you give us a feeling on the pieces?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So the RV side of it, what I indicated was down less than the unit -- the business as a whole. Business as a whole was down 11.5%. RV was off less than that. And again, you really have to almost go product set by product set. So core RV products really are tied to less to the RV SAAR breadth, but more to the utilization of the RV and the size of the park. We've done a lot of correlation analysis over the years on this. And what we've always seen is that RV revenues tied a lot closer to campground spending than the RV SAAR because a lot of what we sell are replacements and consumables and that all relates to the utilization of those units. If you go back to the financial crisis, right, The Great Recession, campground spending was flat. It stayed -- hung right in there. And -- but there are some products like towing, which is a great example, which really crosses RV and marine and some of the SEMA product, towing was soft. And on the SEMA side, that's where probably a larger percent relative to RVs, large percent of the spend goes on to vehicles, right? People buy the new pickup truck, their new Jeep and they want to fit it out and pickup truck SAAR was off 12% in the quarter, which is the second quarter in a row that it was down, right? So that's where there is a little bit more pressure. But again, some of it is a comp against almost an unrealistic comp of what we did in 2021. And like I said, the specialty group, including all parts of the specialty group, are doing better and they're clawing their way back to prior year volumes at least in the first few days of the third quarter. We probably won't get there for the quarter as a whole, but we're closing the gap. And from our perspective, that's what's important.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino.
Gary Prestopino: Couple of questions here. First of all, Nick, you didn't cite the growth in collision claims in North America as a comparison to what you did in North America. Do you have statistic handy?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So repairable claims in the second quarter were up about 6% compared to 2021, but still down 6% compared to 2019. So the industry is still down relative to the pre-pandemic levels.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. That's fine. And then Varun, on an absolute dollar basis, how much did -- was FX -- did FX positively impact SG&A?
Varun Laroyia: We haven't called that piece out, but I will tell you from a North America perspective, clearly, there's little to none. But if you think about it, really where does the FX exposure come through, it's from our European business. And so if you think about where the European business, total SG&A was around $420-odd million. And if you then kind of go -- you can back into that number, Gary, and this is the way you should think about it. Within the slide deck, we obviously have on Slide #27, we obviously have the FX rates out there also. But essentially, the euro has been the big kind of decline. So roughly call it about a 10% decline on there. So kind of run that piece of the $420 million, but that basically is what the -- it's kind of strange to see a benefit, but the translation benefit, if that's what you're referring to from a lower conversion rate, that's really where it would come through.
Dominick Zarcone: And Gary, it's important to keep in mind that the FX issues that we're dealing with are translation issues, i.e., just converting the foreign currency in the U.S. dollars. By and large, they are not transactional issues. We do have some transaction exposure, some of the purchasing of parts in Europe is dollar-denominated, particularly things like oil-based products which are dollar-denominated. But those are things where we know in advance, we're going to be buying, and we can do some hedging of that. So total FX kind of exchange losses, if you will, from a transactional perspective in the quarter was less than $2 million. So it's all just translation of foreign currency results into U.S. dollar results.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Zarcone, I turn the call back over...
Dominick Zarcone: Well, we always want to thank everyone for their time and their participation in our call. We know you're all very busy. This is a busy time of the earnings season. We appreciate spending some time with us, and we look forward to joining back up at the end of October. We're going to be pleased to announce our third quarter results. So thanks for your time and attention, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation, you may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to LKQ’s first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today maybe considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the coming days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everyone. I will provide some high level comments on what was a robust quarter for LKQ from many different perspectives before Varun walks you through some of the financial details and our increased financial guidance. I will then close with a few observations before opening the call to your questions. As we entered 2022, who would have thought the world would experience events more traumatic than the pandemic we all have been living through? Just when everyone thought we had turned the corner and we’re headed towards the new normal, in late February, Russian tanks rolled into Ukraine, and everything changed overnight. In retrospect, issues related to tight labor markets, supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures pale in comparison to the needless loss of human lives. Yet out of the ashes, we are all able to watch the evening news and see true leadership and courage in action and incredible solidarity in a time of crisis. Yes, I’m talking about the Ukrainian people. But the same is true for the 950 people in Ukraine who are LKQ associates. These employees are truly remarkable. So too are their colleagues in Poland, Hungary, Slovakia and Romania who welcomed hundreds of family members of our Ukrainian employees at the border to provide food, housing, medical assistance and schooling to those fleeing the country. They are all defining what it means to be LKQ proud. As to the business, we exceeded our expectations for Q1 in terms of both revenue and profitability. And this gives us confidence to increase our financial guidance for the year. The key word in the economy in the past several quarters has been inflation. During periods like this, companies have a choice, wait and see the impact and play defense or anticipate the impact and play offense. LKQ chose to play offense, and the benefits of doing so can be found in our results. This is particularly true with respect to the exceptional organic revenue growth achieved in our North American wholesale and European segments. Both of which benefited from strong demand for automotive products as mobility and claims volumes increased, while pushing prices in an attempt to offset most of the inflationary pressures. Managing through this environment is hard. And I am extremely thankful for the efforts of the global LKQ leadership team, which is doing a terrific job of balancing the best interest of our customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders. Now on to the quarter. Revenue for the first quarter of 2022 was $3.3 billion, an increase of 5.6% as compared to $3.2 billion in the first quarter of 2021. Total parts and services revenue increased 5.9% in Q1, comprised of organic revenue increases of 6.9%, plus the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures of 1.7%, offset by foreign exchange rates, which decreased revenue by 2.7%. Net income for the first quarter of 2022 was $269 million as compared to $266 million for the same period of 2021, an increase of 1.1%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter, was $0.94 as compared to $0.88 for the same period last year, an increase of 6.8%. On an adjusted basis, net income in the first quarter of 2022 was $287 million compared to $286 million in the same period of 2021. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter, was $1 as compared to $0.94 for the same period of 2021, a 6.4% increase, driven by a reduction in the average share count. Let’s turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. And please note, this is the first quarter of separating the self-service business from the core North American wholesale business. Turning to North America, from Slide 6, you will note that organic revenue for parts and services in our North American wholesale segment increased 13.6% in the quarter on a reported basis and 11.8% on a per day basis. During the first quarter, industry-wide overall claim counts increased 12.2% versus Q1 of 2021. According to the U.S. Department of Energy, during the first quarter of 2022, U.S. weekly supplied motor gasoline volume was approximately 4.9% above last year, but still 4.7% below the first quarter of 2019 pre-pandemic. And according to the Department of Transportation, highway miles driven during Q1 increased 4.9% above last year, but lagged 2019 levels by approximately 2.2%. From a product line perspective, recycled and remanufactured parts demonstrated higher growth, including gains in both volumes and price relative to last year. On the aftermarket front, we have been successful in passing through inflationary cost increases despite the supply chain challenges, which are causing volumes to be down relative both to last year and 2019. April has started off on a positive note, following the pattern established in Q1. We don’t anticipate achieving double-digit revenue growth in our North America wholesale operation for the rest of the year, but we expect it to be in the mid- to high single-digits. In part due to headwinds from parts availability and more so due to labor constraints, during Q1, the national average scheduling backlog at collision repair shops reached 4.5 weeks, 2.5x the length of the typical first quarter backlog. Additionally, since 2016, average vehicle repair costs have risen steadily every year, with the largest increases occurring in the past 2 years, reaching an all-time high in 2021. Our parts provide a strong solution for shops and insurance carriers to manage costs. As we inevitably begin to witness some relief in the supply chain and a steadier flow of aftermarket product, the value proposition of our parts becomes even more attractive as shops continue to face headwinds related to labor costs and overall inflation. As we indicated in our last call, this quarter, we began reporting self-service as a separate segment. This new segment provides investors with greater transparency into the commodities dynamic of our business. Given the majority of our other revenue category, which primarily consists of scrap and precious metals, comes from our self-service operations. Varun will cover more details on the margins of this segment shortly. During the first quarter, total revenue for self-service was flat compared to last year, reflecting the relative softness in metals pricing. Organic revenue for parts and services for this segment increased 14.6%, largely driven by price. Also, the average revenue per admission, a key productivity metric, rose during the first quarter of 2022 relative to 2021. Moving to our European segment, organic revenue for parts and services in the first quarter increased 6.9% on a reported basis and 6% on a per day basis. As the largest pure-play distributor of automotive aftermarket parts in Europe, this is a tremendous start to 2022, even in the face of an extremely challenging geopolitical environment on the continent. So we are quite pleased with the organic growth in Europe. While different by market, overall consolidated organic growth was split evenly between volume and price. According to the Apple Mobility Index, the trends in driving trips in our European markets was down earlier in the year due to normal seasonal patterns. As we progress through Q1, the index rebounded. Encouragingly, despite all the fear of a dramatic drop-off in demand due to global macro headlines, at this point, we have not seen any notable shift in European mobility as we have entered the second quarter. Our regional operations experienced varying revenue performance in the quarter, but all posted positive growth, with very solid year-over-year performance. The UK and Benelux operations were particularly strong with high single-digit organic growth, while Germany and Central Europe, excluding Ukraine, posted mid-single-digit organic growth. Italy also demonstrated progress, posting positive organic growth for the first time in several quarters. The Russian invasion of Ukraine had a direct impact on our revenue in late February and all of March due to having to close certain branches that we operate in Ukraine. And those that have remained open, as you would assume, saw a significant drop in demand. Also, immediately following the invasion, we ceased all sales to Russian-based parts distributors. We estimate the impact of the war on European organic revenue growth during the quarter was approximately 60 basis points. And as these conditions continue, we anticipate the impact on our full year European growth to be about 120 basis points. We continue to pay our Ukrainian employees regardless of whether they are working. And we are supporting their families who have fled to neighboring countries. As I’ve always said, our people are our most important assets. And in Ukraine, the well-being of our people is our primary focus today. Varun will provide some additional financial related details to this unfortunate situation shortly. Now let’s move on to our Specialty segment. Organic revenue for parts and services for our Specialty segment declined 8.3% in the quarter on a reported basis and 9.8% on a per day basis, largely due to a very tough year-over-year comp. You may recall, this segment reported 33% organic growth in Q1 of last year. So on a 2-year stack, the annual revenue growth is still well into double-digits. We anticipate another tough comparison in Q2 against the 30% growth reported in the second quarter of last year, with a positive recovery and a return to year-over-year organic growth in the back half of this year. A few other key highlights for Specialty during the quarter. In the first quarter, Specialty hosted our annual Big Show, a customer event, which is focused on SMA-related parts, and also hosted our annual RV Expo for our RV-focused customers. Both events booked solid year-over-year increases in attendance and sales, suggesting good demand in the future. Also, in March, our Specialty team opened a 210,000 square foot distribution center in Orlando, Florida. While it will create a very slight drag on near-term margins while it ramps up, this new distribution facility will help create higher revenue as it will service Florida and Georgia. Both of which are very attractive markets for our RV and marine-related product lines. The supply chain continues to provide challenges. And we’re doing our best to get the inventory needed to service customer demand. During the quarter, key port cities in China were shut down for a while. This shifted container capacity to other countries like Taiwan, giving our North American team an opportunity to get some incremental inventory on the water. March was the second best container volume that we’ve witnessed in 24 months. We expect some of this benefit to continue into April and likely May. And this inventory should be at our warehouses by mid to late summer. Once the China lockdowns reopen, we will likely see a regression back to the lane bottlenecks that we’ve endured over the past 12 months as the pent-up demand from China comes through. In Europe, product availability remained challenging through Q1, with back orders still running high, but we are witnessing some signs of improvement as we enter Q2. Turning to ESG. During the first quarter, we continued our environmental stewardship efforts by processing 193,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of approximately 970,000 gallons of fuel, 562,000 gallons of waste oil, 501,000 tires and 178,000 batteries. During Q1, we also processed approximately 260,000 tons of scrap steel. On the social front, during the quarter, we focused on some key initiatives around the financial and mental health well-being of our employees. As an example, in North America, we implemented a profit-sharing plan, where we made a special contribution of $1,000 to the 401(k) accounts of all eligible team members. Alongside this contribution, we provided services to educate our team on how to think about and plan for retirement. From this initiative alone, we witnessed over 4,000 new 401(k) account openings. We want all employees to benefit from our success. And this plan allows us to reward and thank them for their relentless focus on results, which made a huge impact on our 2021 performance. In Europe, we launched a program called Inspire to Thrive that lets our team know that their mental well-being matters. The goal of this program is multifaceted, including creating a supportive culture, addressing factors that may negatively affect mental well-being, addressing negative perceptions of mental well-being issues, providing support to colleagues suffering from mental health issues and developing management skills to address issues when they arise. Operationally, we believe this program will have many benefits, such as higher retention, reductions in sick leave and enhanced productivity. More importantly, however, it’s simply the right thing to do for our team and helping them maximize their overall well-being. Lastly, from a corporate development perspective, during the quarter, we entered into a transaction to sell our PGW glass business. While a fundamentally solid operation, we had come to the conclusion that LKQ was not the best owner of this business and the margins were always going to be dilutive to the overall North American segment margins. This transaction closed last week, and we are extremely pleased with the outcome. As we enter Q2, we are witnessing a healthy pipeline of potential tuck-in acquisitions. And since April 1, we have closed on two small European transactions. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run you through the details of the strong first quarter financial performance and our increased guidance.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. While I’m excited to be able to present another strong set of financial results and I will cover the details on the quarter shortly, I want to begin with comments on a very eventful start to 2022. As you know, LKQ entered the year with momentum coming off record revenue and profitability in 2021, but also anticipating challenges from the Omicron surge, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures and volatile commodity prices. These factors created headwinds in the quarter, and we’ve had to react quickly to counteract the effects. While there is more work to be done to improve our inventory availability and manage the cost pressures, we are comfortable with the direction we’re headed, and importantly, our position relative to the competition. The Ukraine-Russia conflict has been a further source of volatility, both with its direct impact on our business and the indirect effects on currencies and commodity prices. As Nick mentioned, our revenue at risk owing to the conflict isn’t material. But we experienced a negative effect of about $0.01 in Q1 and expect a further $0.05 headwind relative to our original EPS guidance over the balance of the year due to the ongoing conflict. Please note that the impacts associated with lost revenue and other indirect effects of the conflict are not being considered for adjustment in our calculations of segment EBITDA and adjusted diluted EPS. Direct impacts related to asset write-downs and/or reserves are being excluded from the calculations of these metrics. The Q1 exclusion totaled roughly $6 million. As expected, scrap steel and precious metal prices were a drag on results year-over-year. The prices were better than projected in the quarter, and thus, the negative impact was less severe than anticipated. Compared to Q1 of 2021, metals prices generated a $32 million negative effect on segment EBITDA and a $0.08 impact on adjusted EPS. As discussed on the fourth quarter call, we are now presenting the self-service operating unit as a reportable segment to provide investors with greater visibility into our operating results. I hope that you have had an opportunity to review our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on Monday, the April 25, which shows the segment financial information recast under the new presentation. As noted on prior calls, self-service generates a large portion of its revenue from scrap steel and the precious metals and catalytic converters, which makes its results more volatile than the wholesale North America segment. Of the $0.08 negative year-over-year impact from metals, approximately two-thirds is derived from the self-service segment. Last week, we completed the sale of our PGW aftermarket glass distribution business for gross proceeds of $362 million. PGW generated almost $400 million of revenue, and its EBITDA margin was approximately 10% in 2021. By divesting PGW, we will see an improvement in EBITDA margin as the business generated a lower margin than the wholesale North America segment. We intend to use excess cash to repurchase shares in the coming months, though given the timing of the transaction, will be dilutive to full year 2022 EPS by approximately $0.04, which is built into our updated guidance. The full year share count reduction benefit in 2023 will further mitigate the lost PGW earnings. While we expect to report a gain on sale, our U.S. GAAP EPS outlook does not include a gain as the amount has not been finalized. Any gain would be deducted from U.S. GAAP EPS in the calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. Finally, S&P upgraded LKQ to BBB- with a stable outlook last week. Achieving an investment-grade rating from S&P, in addition to the same from Fitch ratings a year ago, is a tremendous accomplishment for the organization and is a testament to our operational excellence program launched in 2019. This program has supported the consistent operating performance, robust cash flows and a resilient business model that S&P cited as reasons for the upgrade. The immediate implication of the upgrade is that collateral requirements fall off our senior secured revolving credit facility. And over time, we expect the added flexibility to allow the company to drive even higher levels of free cash flow to invest in growing our business and returning capital to stockholders. Specifically, there will be opportunities to extend vendor payment terms and increase payables. And we expect this benefit to come through over the next few years. I’ll now shift to the quarterly results. Our first quarter results reflect a solid start to the year, with improving revenue, net income and EPS year-on-year, despite the negative impact of metals, challenges related to inflation and the global supply chain, the Omicron variant, the ongoing conflict in the Ukraine and foreign exchange volatility owing to a stronger U.S. dollar. Gross margin decreased by 30 basis points compared to the first quarter from 2021, with 40 basis points negative effect coming from the self-service margin, which declined owing to metals. Overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue rose 80 basis points year-over-year, with higher bad debt expense and inflationary increases in vehicle, freight and fuel expenses. Income taxes in the first quarter of 2022 were booked at 25.1%, consistent with our prior guidance. And finally, as Nick mentioned, diluted EPS was $0.94 for the quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was $1 even. I’ll now turn to the segment operating results. Starting on Slide 9, wholesale North America produced an EBITDA margin of 18.1% for the quarter, down 30 basis points from the prior year period. Gross margin was roughly flat as pricing improvements were offset by unfavorable impacts from metals, which had a negative 70 basis point effect in the first quarter. Segment overhead expenses increased by 50 basis points, with the negative effects from inflation on personnel and freight costs. We’ve previously communicated our expectation for the North America margin to run in the mid to high 16 without the metal effects. With the new segment breakout and the sale of the glass business, we now believe that Wholesale North America EBITDA margin should run approximately 70 basis points higher after normalizing for metals effects. Europe reported an 8.8% EBITDA margin for the quarter, down 80 basis points from the prior year period. As you can see on Slide 10, the margin decrease was attributable to movements in both gross margin and overhead expenses, with negative effects from inflation, higher bad debt expense and effects from the Ukraine-Russia conflict. As mentioned, we anticipate a negative impact on Europe from lost revenue related to the conflict, though the team believes they can deliver a double-digit margin for the full year. Moving to Slide 11, Specialty gross margin grew 110 basis points, with benefits from net pricing and mix more than offsetting a 90 basis point negative effect from acquisitions, primarily SeaWide. Overhead expenses increased by 190 basis points, driven by personnel cost inflation and higher vehicle, fuel and freight costs. The overhead expense increases were partially offset by 60 basis points of benefits from operating expense synergies and leverage mostly generated from the SeaWide acquisition. While the specialty EBITDA margin of 12.6% is down relative to the prior year, it’s important to acknowledge the progress the business has made over the last 3 years. Pre-pandemic, in Q1 2019, Specialty reported a segment EBITDA margin of 10.7%. The team has done a fine job rationalizing the cost structure and protecting its product margin, resulting in a 190 basis point improvement from Q1 of ‘19 through to Q1 of 2022. Self-service reported an EBITDA margin of 20% for Q1 2022, a strong result for the segment, but below the record margin achieved last year. As you saw in the Form 8-K, with the recast historical segment results, self-services margins can be – can vary significantly depending on metals prices. Since the beginning of 2019, we’ve seen a low point for the margin at 6.3% in the third quarter of 2019 and a high point of 27.9% in Q1 of 2021. While there are performance elements that we control, for example, carbine, product pricing and labor efficiency, the self-service business results are driven by trends in scrap steel and precious metals prices. When prices are moving higher, especially when it occurs rapidly with the strong margins in this business, and we will see the downside when prices go the other direction. We believe that breaking up self-service will provide greater clarity to investors. With that background, the decrease in self-services margins in Q1 of 2022 is driven by movements in metals prices and car costs, estimated at an 1,100 basis points negative effect, partially offset by improved pricing. Shifting to liquidity and capital allocation. We sustained the positive momentum we’ve built in recent years around cash flow generation, with free cash flow of approximately $350 million in the first quarter. At a conversion ratio of almost 80% of EBITDA, we are delivering free cash flow above our long-term expectation. For sure, there are some timing elements that will reverse over the course of the year. And we are confident in our ability to generate significant and sustainable free cash flow in line with expectations of converting EBITDA to free cash flow in the 55% to 60% range for the full year. We are cautiously optimistic about the progress we have made with inventory procurement. Access to aftermarket products and cars at auction improved relative to the same period in 2021. And we were able to deploy more cash to build inventory. As shown on Slide 24, we increased our inventory spend and purchased more salvage vehicles than we did in the first quarter of 2021. And as you can see on Slides 25 and 26, our inventory levels have increased in all four segments relative to December, excluding the impacts of the held-for-sale reclassification and foreign currency translation. As of the 31st of March, the Wholesale North America inventory excludes approximately $100 million of glass inventory, which is presented in the held-for-sale asset line on the balance sheet. We remain confident that our inventory position will enable each segment to continue to offer best-in-class availability and service relative to our competitors despite the ongoing supply chain challenges. Our capital spending for the quarter of $59 million was in line with our expectation. And following our balanced capital allocation philosophy, we repurchased 2.7 million shares in the quarter for $144 million and issued our quarterly dividend with a $71 million payment in the month of March. We also paid down our debt balance by approximately $53 million in the quarter. Our net leverage ratio came in at 1.3x EBITDA. And interest coverage exceeds 30x compared to the credit facility requirements of 4x and 3x, respectively. In short, we are very comfortable with our credit metrics, which support our investment-grade rating. As our earnings release of this morning indicated, the Board has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share, which will be paid in June to stockholders on record as of the 19th of May. And finally, I will wrap up my prepared comments with our updated thoughts on 2022. Our guidance assumes that there are no significant negative developments related to COVID-19 in our major markets. Scrap and precious metal prices hold near the average for the first quarter. And the Ukraine-Russia conflict continues without further escalation. On foreign exchange, rates have been moving rapidly in recent days, with the euro hitting a 5-year low on Wednesday. Our guidance includes weakening European rates in the second quarter, followed by a recovery in the second half of the year. We’ve dialed in a full year average rate for the euro at $1.09 and the pound sterling at $1.30. Since current rates are below these figures, we have about $0.03 of risk over the balance of the year if rates hold at their current levels. Having said that, with the strong start to the year, we are increasing our organic parts and services revenue growth expectation to between 4.5% and 6.5%. We are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.80 to $4.10, with a midpoint of $3.95. This is an increase of $0.08 compared to the prior midpoint. The raise is primarily attributable to our first quarter performance, as the balance of year has mostly offsetting effects, as shown on Slide 19 of the earnings deck, related to benefits due to organic growth and related operating performance, metals prices above our original forecast and share repurchases, offset by headwinds from lost earnings tied to the Glass disposal in April, weakening FX rates and the impact of the Ukraine-Russia conflict. Please note that the share repurchase benefit is attributable both to the shares that we purchased in the first quarter, which will give us a benefit of roughly $0.03 on a full year basis, and the anticipated repurchases from the proceeds of the Glass sale of approximately $0.05. While there are lots of puts and takes in the forecasted numbers, I want to specifically highlight the operating performance component. As I previously stated, our operational excellence initiatives have created a significantly stronger and more resilient business, which is helping us to improve operating results despite the current inflationary environment and supply chain challenges. And finally, we remain on track to deliver at least $1 billion of free cash flow for the year, achieving strong free cash conversion in line with our expectations for the business. Thank you once again for your time this morning. And with that, I will turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun, for that financial overview. We believe our unique competitive position across all of our operating segments continues to translate into strong results for our company during difficult conditions. I am extremely proud of how our team of 46,000 employees tackle the headwinds we faced over the past 2 years, which subsequently positioned us well as we entered 2022. Our strong first quarter performance and raising our guidance for 2022 is a true validation of our confidence and commitment to creating long-term value for our stockholders. And again, I would like to acknowledge the bravery and courage of our Ukrainian team as they operate in an unthinkable environment. Our thoughts and hearts are with you all. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Varun, now that you’ve got the investment grade rating and you called out the opportunity to extend payment terms do you have any better visibility as to how far you might be able to extend them here? I mean, obviously, you’ve got a – you have the rating now. So have you had conversations around those terms?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Absolutely. And Bret, thank you for raising that piece and acknowledging LKQ is now an investment-grade company. It’s taken a lot of time. And the overall pivot to operational excellence has certainly been looking at every aspect of our business, income statement, functions and also the overall balance sheet. Yes, we do anticipate several hundred million upside related to getting the investment grade. However, it will not happen overnight. If you think about our European vendor financing program, which is coming along incredibly well, we still have a gap. And really, what we do is we benchmark ourselves given the product assortment with, say, what the folks in the U.S. are doing, right? And so in terms of even being able to get to a one to one with regards to AP, offset by inventory or inventory offset by AP, we have a gap, a significant gap. And that runs into a fair bit. So again, it won’t happen overnight. We obviously do have these contractual negotiations with our vendors. On an annual basis, the team is moving in the right direction. And so, we really don’t see it in the short-term, i.e., within 2022. But I think from 2023 onwards, we certainly will see that piece continue to climb further.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a quick question. I think you said March was one of the best shipping volume months in the last couple of years. But is there a way to quantify your North American aftermarket in-stock levels? Where you are on inventory fill versus target?
Nick Zarcone: Bret, this is Nick. Thanks for the question. Our fill rates are not where we would like them to be. We tend to run well into the 90s. We are not in the 90s today. We’re probably in the mid to high 80s. So there is progress to be made. It all relates to the supply chain challenges. Again, it has nothing to do with our suppliers being able to produce the product. It all has to do with transporting the product from Taiwan into the U.S. and Canada. Again, we’ve got some incremental containers on the water in March. We’re hoping for a few incremental containers in April, May as well. But it takes – with the port congestion and transportation issues here in the U.S., we won’t see any of that inventory until mid to late summer. When that hits, it should help a little bit. From a fulfillment perspective, we do not believe it’s going to take us back to our historical levels, but it will help. What we do feel very confident about is our fulfillment levels are the best in the industry even with the challenges that we are facing. The reality is our smaller competitors are struggling to get product. And from an overall perspective, from a competitive perspective, we think we’re still leading the pack.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, thank you very much. And great opening round here, thanks. I appreciate it. On the wholesale side, just to dig a little deeper, total volumes were down, just the mix inside whether it was a new aftermarket versus a recycled remanufactured. Is that correct?
Nick Zarcone: That’s correct. We had good volume growth in our salvage products, our recycled products, particularly as it relates to mechanical parts. Transmissions were particularly strong. We had great growth from a volume perspective and our remanufactured products, again, largely engines and transmissions. It was the aftermarket collision parts where we saw volumes down. And of course, that’s the largest share of our North American revenue.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. But the good news is you’re able to shift around even if fulfillment came down. That’s part of your competitive advantage, is you’re able to shift around to support volume.
Nick Zarcone: We’re the only folks who have the ability to sell recycled product if we don’t have the aftermarket product in-house.
Michael Hoffman: Got it. And then, Varun, on the guidance, so everything goes up except the free cash flow. I’m assuming, versus February, you’re planning on spending more on inventory, and that’s the difference? And what is that delta?
Varun Laroyia: Well, listen, it’s – well, inventory, certainly, as we’ve said, we’re trying to build that piece up, and we’re making some good progress. In Q1, Michael, every segment of ours, so all four segments were actually able to generate more inventory and secure more inventory. I think when you look at the numbers specifically, North America was up, specialty was up, self-service was up, as was Europe. In the case of Europe, obviously, the stronger dollar clipped the translation piece of it and also in North America with the held-for-sale classification for PGW. It seems as if it did not grow, but that also grew. But with regards to free cash specifically, any inventory increase, we see ourselves being able to offset with our payables program. But really, if you think about why has free cash not kind of gone up despite all of the $0.08 center raise on a full year basis. From a cash perspective, it really is from a receivables perspective, but the strong organic growth that we are now forecasting, from a midpoint of between 3% to 5% previously and now taking that up by 150 basis points at both the bottom end and the top end, at receivables. And that’s a good problem to have because with higher economic activity, we see higher receivables coming through. We saw that come through in Q1 also. And so it will just be a cycle more than anything else, that economic activity will raise receivables. But in terms of inventory, yes, it will go up. But we believe we can offset that with payables.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, congratulation guys in the quarter and thanks for taking our questions.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Nick, I wanted to ask. You mentioned during your prepared remarks, but given the inflationary environment, are you seeing insurance companies opt more often for alternative parts? I mean are we seeing or do you expect the APU finally take a meaningful step higher? I guess while we are on that topic, how State Farm progressing, or are they still increasing their alternative part usage? And what does that mean for your North American wholesale growth?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, at this point in time, based on the backlog that I mentioned in the repair shops, the insurance companies just want to get parts on the car. And whether it’s an aftermarket part or recycled part, or quite frankly, an OEM part, because every day that, that car is in the shop, they are generally paying a rental car fee and which clearly increases their prices. So, it’s not that they are trying to aggressively move to a higher APU given the inflationary environment because it’s whatever part is available. We do believe, as I mentioned in my formal comments, that once the supply chain kind of works its way through and some of the challenges we have from a fulfillment perspective begin to normalize that our product set provides a great opportunity for shops and for insurance carriers to lower their overall cost. And they can use the price benefit that we have relative to OEM pricing has helped offset some of the other inflationary costs.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That’s helpful. And then I guess I also wanted to just follow-up on the competition side. You just mentioned the smaller guys are struggling with inventory. Do you expect – I mean how does that play out? Are they going to not be able to compete longer term? Do they start using price to try to gain share back? Just kind of trying to think through what the derivative impacts are of the smaller guys continuing to struggle to keep up with you?
Nick Zarcone: Our sense is that at some point in time, and we can’t put a timeframe on it, Daniel. At some point in time, the supply chain will balance itself out. And that will obviously help us and it will help the smaller folks as well. Nobody is trying to buy volume these days because it’s a shortage of product. And so pricing is strong. So, we don’t anticipate anybody, not us, not our – even our smaller competitors are trying to buy volume through price. Because when there is not enough inventory to go around to begin with, that would not be a smart move, right. They will continue to compete. We will continue to compete. We think we have got significant advantages from a product growth perspective, from a product perspective and from our service capability. And that’s how we are going to continue to compete and grow our market share in the months and quarters to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore from Truist. Your line is open.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Stephanie.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good morning. Congrats on a great start to the year.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch on the European margin expectations for the year. Clearly, some headwinds that I think were not originally expected, but still looks like we will continue to move forward with nice double-digit margins. So, maybe just talk through levers that you have been able to pull on your end to offset some of these headwinds as well as maybe give us an update on where we stand on the 1 LKQ program?
Varun Laroyia: Stephanie, let me start off with the European margin piece of it and then Nick will pick up on where we are with the 1 LKQ Europe program. Yes. Listen, in terms of where European margins came in, slightly softer. But I think it’s fair to know the fact that the Ukraine-Russia conflict was not anticipated. So, that certainly has clipped the margin trajectory of the business in Q1. And there was the odd customer bankruptcy also. But really, on a full year basis for balance of year, the team, all of us, we are very confident of being able to hit what we have put out there from a public commitment perspective of hitting our sustainable double-digit margins. And so while Q1 kind of clipped it for about just over $0.01 in – with the Ukraine-Russia conflict, on a full year basis, we think it will kind of clip us about six. So, there is another five yet to go. And that’s really what you see in the earnings deck where we have given a walk from the prior original guidance to what we are now suggesting. But in terms of how the business is progressing, the organic growth is coming through strongly. And we expect the operational side of things with the higher organic revenue growth that Europe has put up and really what it continues to forecast, which again is not all price, it’s actually a good mix of volume and price and – which is actually incredibly heartening. And the same thing, as Nick mentioned, about North America. They are the ones that do have good product availability. We would like to have some more. But in terms of our investments that we have been making those are certainly beginning to bear fruit and really shows the resiliency of the business that we have built up on both sides of the pond. But again, Nick, if anything else you would like to add from a 1 LKQ Europe perspective?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. The 1 LKQ Europe program is right on track. Organizationally, we have gotten that behind us now for several quarters. Arnd has his full team in place, a wonderful set of management talent. The individual platforms are working together much more on a day-in, day-out basis. We are getting the benefits that we were hoping to achieve. From a procurement perspective, there is still room to go there. We are not remotely done. There is still room to go. And the focus in the future is getting a little bit better labor efficiency by consolidating some of the roles in our shared service centers, whether that’s in Southern Poland or in Bangalore. And we think there are some further opportunities there. And then the IT rollout, that’s going to be, like we said originally, that was going to be kind of a 4-year journey. We are a couple of years into it. But it’s right on track and just about on budget, so we are really pleased there.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you. That’s very helpful. And then maybe lastly for me, if you wanted to just touch on kind of a longer term view as the vehicle dynamic changes across the globe, changing from ICE to EVs, and how you think you are positioned with some just recent investments that you have made?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, there is no doubt that there are changes to the car park, both in North America and in Europe. But they are evolutionary, very evolutionary. They are not revolutionary. The reality is the impact of EVs probably won’t be felt until well into the 2030s. And our goal – and if you were to read some of the materials we put out there for our European business, the goal is to be – first, as it relates to being able to supply repair shops with parts for electric vehicles, EV first. And Arnd and the team are putting plans in place to do that. We suspect that most – everybody in Europe, folks like us is trying to figure out a way to support electric vehicles because they will grow from being 2% or 3% of the car park to maybe 10% of the car park over the next 10 years. And it’s going to be a real opportunity. We don’t view it as a big – as a huge threat. We view it more as an opportunity to expand the product set and to provide our customers with even a broader array of products. Same in North America, though I think the EV shift is going to be a little bit slower here in North America. And just like we have made the acquisition of a battery remanufacturing business, we are in the process of buying a second battery technology-related business. Again, these are small nascent operations. But they will give us key technology that we will need as we move forward to provide a good set of products and services to our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. I wanted to follow-up, Nick, on 1 LKQ Europe. Could you just shed a little more light on progress you are making on your private label program in Europe?
Nick Zarcone: Sure. So, the first thing we did, Craig, on our private label front is we had to rationalize and consolidate all the various brands. Because when you take a look at all the companies we had acquired in Europe, essentially, we had 90 different private label brands that we have bought along the way. And there is no need for us to have 90 different brands. So, we have rationalized that out significantly. We have put all of our private label product activity and the growth of that business under the leadership of a single person on a pan-European basis. We refer to it as our components business. And we have an individual who came out of the Stahlgruber organization that is focused on growing that business across the European platform. Some countries are ahead. Like the UK, we have the highest penetration of owned brand or private label products. In other countries, like in Germany, it’s significantly lower. Our goal is to raise the total so to have a higher penetration in each of the countries in which we operate. And it’s not going to happen overnight. Part of it is making sure that the private label product that we put out there is extremely high quality, because the – ultimately, the customers will not react well with low-quality products. So, we are working with all of our vendors to make sure we have great quality product. And then the goal is in each of the countries where we operate, to get the percentage of private label revenue up. When we do that, okay, private label is less expensive and very price competitive for the customer. And so that will have a little bit of an impact on revenue, but the margins are significantly better. And that’s all part of the thought process.
Craig Kennison: And just as a follow-up. First, are you willing to share like the percentage of private label today and what that margin differential looks like? And then second, do you need to make investments in a single unified European private label brand, or will there be multiple brands in multiple countries?
Nick Zarcone: We will probably have multiple brands, but we are consolidating it down significantly from what we started with. And we do have a brand called the E-Motive that we have in the very, very early stages. Maybe not even – maybe kind of batting practice warm-ups where we are starting to roll that brand out across the European platform. We have not disclosed our private label penetration in Europe. Again, we are the highest in the UK and probably the lowest in Germany and all the other countries are somewhere in between. In total, today it’s probably around 10%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Your line is open.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning all. Hey. Now that you have got this investment grade on your debt, I mean, have – would you say that your priorities could shift to more aggressive share repurchases overall? I mean is there a real need to continue to pay down debt as you have done?
Varun Laroyia: Great question, Gary and good morning. No, I don’t think anything really changes on a day-to-day basis. If you think as to we have been operating with the investment-grade credit metrics now for probably six quarters, right. And so from that perspective, debt is well kind of arguably under-leveraged at this point of time, but kind of following our balanced allocation product, capital allocation policy. We have been kind of talking about the fact that we are not prioritizing debt pay-downs at this point in time. With the investment grade rating that comes through, I think there was a previous question on the call also. Over time, it doesn’t happen overnight, but as we go, renegotiate client-vendor partner contracts, that higher level of trade payable days certainly lifts. And that certainly will release a few hundred million dollars of incremental free cash flow over the next few years. With debt levels arguably below where they need to be, we are happy with what the overall debt leverage is. So, nothing really changes because we have been operating at those metrics for quite some time. The key piece really is that we continue to look for opportunities to grow our business. Organic is obviously that much better. Seeing the level of organic revenue growth coming through our businesses is incredibly heartening. So, that really is the key focus, making sure that we provide all the capital required to continue to stretch out our lead from an organic perspective. And as and when opportunities come up to do some corp dev activities, we will certainly do that. But again, we are not going out that whale fishing or elephant hunting. It’s basically high synergy tuck-ins, building up incremental adjacencies, critical capabilities. And then whatever is the excess free cash, yes, having a share repurchase program is incredibly helpful.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you. And then last question. Nick, you mentioned that because of supply chain issues, some aftermarket parts, particularly on collision repair, are in short supply, are you starting to see or be close of this a shift where salvage parts are being substituted for what could have been at more of an aftermarket part usage just because of this supply chain?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely. I mean every time we have a customer on the phone, if we do not have the aftermarket part in stock, but we do have a recycled part in stock, we try and cross-sell. Again, we are the only company that can do that because. We are the only company that offers both recycled and aftermarket parts. And our salespeople have the inventory screens for both product sets right in front of them when they are talking to their customers. So, we try and cross-sell every opportunity we have.
Varun Laroyia: Materials, I think it’s fair to say it really shows the power of what we have built up out here. No one at this level of size and scale has the dual sourcing strategy of kind of aftermarket and recycled parts. And so that really is where we have been investing a lot. Our salvage recycled business is doing an outstanding job. And as you kind of saw from the slides in the earnings deck, we are certainly investing more, whether it be buying Dutch to kind of set up our salvage yards, or for that matter, making sure that we continue to be a very active player in the salvage market with regards to the number of total loss vehicles that we are purchasing. That business is rock solid.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ryan Brinkman: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Ryan.
Ryan Brinkman: Good morning. You mentioned getting ahead of inflation as opposed to waiting to see what the impact might be. I am just curious what measures you may have taken, whether it’s primarily passing along higher costs or maybe proactively taking price in anticipation of higher future costs. Maybe it’s a combination of pricing and cost containment efforts. And then as you are taking price, presumably, you are testing the elasticity of demand for various different products and different markets. And I would be interested what you might be learning in terms of the customers’ ability or willingness to pay higher prices for the various different products that you distribute. So, for example, are you seeing greater ability to pass along price for more non-discretionary products relative to discretionary products, or are you better able to raise price for higher-end products versus lower end products, or is it the other way around, or so whatever insights you might be gleaning as you go through this process?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So, a lot of questions there, Ryan. The reality is, again, we did – I wouldn’t say that we took prices up in anticipation of higher costs later. Not that we were ahead of it, but we didn’t wait to see our costs go up and then do prices. So, I would say we – I think we timed it pretty well. Again, it’s a very competitive market out there. And at the end of the day, your ability to push price ultimately is dependent upon overall market pricing. Like I said, supply is short. That’s true with all different types of parts. And so nobody out there is leading with price as a way to buy volume, right. Everyone, I think is trying to hold their prices tight. Again, we knew inflation was coming. It was no surprise. And so we weren’t shy. The reality is no customer likes prices to go up, just like nobody listening to this call likes to pay more for anything, right. But the reality is governments around the world have $32 trillion of capital into the marketplace as a result of the pandemic. And when you have more units of currency chasing a fixed – faster goods and services, prices go up. And there is not probably a country in the world that hasn’t seen the negative impact of inflation. And if you don’t stay on top of it, you fall behind, and you never catch up. And we made a conscious decision not to come out of the box behind the curve. Yes. So, I am not – I don’t want to imply that we are leading the curve, but we are staying constant. I think we are doing the good job of matching the ability to push prices along with the higher cost. And look, everyone knows that shipping containers from the Far East into North America is up five-fold to six-fold from where it was a couple of years ago. That’s not 6% or 7% inflation, right. That’s significantly more. Labor is up more along the lines of normal inflationary statistics that you have read. And so we have moved prices up. And we have had customers who haven’t been happy, but they understand that, right. Because they know what’s going on in their own businesses as well. And there is no free lunch. And we are a humble distributor. And we have no intention of getting caught holding the inflation bag, if you will. It’s not our job to fund the parts and services industry in the automotive repair marketplace. And so we are going to do what we can to protect ourselves from inflationary pressures. There haven’t been huge differences between kind of the type of parts that we have been able to move price along. Again, we have done our best to move along on all types of parts. Again, every market is a little bit different. Every country is a little bit different depending on overall competitive dynamics and the like. The inflationary pressures in the U.S. are higher than in Europe. That doesn’t mean that Europe doesn’t have inflationary pressures. They absolutely do. But we see it a little bit more intense here in the U.S. than overseas.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Mr. Nick Zarcone, I will turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well, I want to thank everyone for your time and attention this morning. And we certainly look forward to continuing the discussion with you. I think as everyone knows, we are hosting our Investor Day on June 1st. And we would hope to be able to see most of you there in Nashville. We are hosting at our national – at our North American headquarters. It will be a live event. We understand that some of you may not be able to find your way to Nashville. And for those, the event will also be virtual in nature. It will be telecast, and you will have the ability to come in via the Internet. Again, that’s June 1st in Nashville. And then again, obviously, we will be speaking with everyone in late July when we report second quarter results. So, with that, I would like to bring this call to a close. Again, we thank you for your time and attention. And we hope you have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:06 Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. 00:40 I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: 00:54 Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. 01:21 Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. 01:53 During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the coming days. 02:15 And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: 02:20 Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the quarter and full year 2021 and then, Varun will dive into the financial details and discuss our 2022 outlook, before I come back with a few closing remarks. 02:40 Before I begin, on behalf of everyone at LKQ, I again want to express our sincere thanks to all those on the front lines who are working hard to keep our communities and our citizens safe and healthy. I also extend condolences to all those who have suffered a personal loss during this unfortunate pandemic. It seems like everyone know someone who has been seriously impacted by COVID. While we've made great strides across the globe combating the pandemic, it is still a harsh reality that we all have to confront in our daily lives. 03:20 As most of you know, LKQ spent two decades consolidating fragmented markets into centralized businesses. And in the process, we created the largest and best-in-class operators in each of our major markets. Then, in 2019 we pivoted our strategy to focus on operational excellence. Some folks may have been skeptical about this pivot, but they may not have had a true understanding of our culture, a culture that is centered on outcomes not obstacles, a culture that is agile and nimble and a culture that is LKQ proud. It is with great pride that I can say our teams across all of our segments embraced and delivered on our operational excellence initiatives throughout all of 2021. 04:12 Before I move on to the fourth quarter results, let me highlight just a few of the milestones we achieved in 2021. We had record corporate-wide revenue and profitability. North America EBITDA and EBITDA margins reached their highest full year level in the history of the company. Europe had full-year double-digit EBITDA margins for the first time in over 5 years and reached the upper end of the expectations we set forth a year ago. And there is more runway ahead. 04:49 Especially, we realized record full year revenue and EBITDA margins. We generated our second year of free cash flow of over $1 billion. We maintained net leverage well below our target of 2 times. We achieved an investment grade rating from Fitch. Repurchased 17.2 million shares of stock for a total of $877 million. We issued the first dividend in the industry of the company and we issued our inaugural corporate sustainability report and received an ESG rating of AA from MSCI, which puts LKQ in the top 19% of our index group. These achievements are the result of the combined effort of each individual at LKQ. And for that, I extend a great big thank you to my entire organization. 05:48 Now onto the quarter. Revenue in the fourth quarter of 2021 was $3.2 billion, an increase of 7.9% as compared to the $3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020. For the fourth quarter, parts and services organic revenue increased 6.6% on a reported basis and 7.3% on a per day basis. While the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures increased revenue 1.7% and foreign exchange rates decreased revenue 0.8%, for total parts and services revenue increase of 7.5%. 06:33 Net income for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $236 million as compared to $180 million for the same period of last year, an increase of 30.6%. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.81 compared to $0.59 for the same period of 2020, an increase of 37.3%. On an adjusted basis, net income in the fourth quarter was $254 million compared to $212 million in the same period of last year, a 20% increase. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.87 as compared to $0.69 for the same period of 2020, a 26.1% increase. 07:25 Net income for the full year of 2021 was $1.1 billion as compared to $639 million for 2020, an increase of 70.7%. Diluted earnings per share for the full year of 2021 was $3.66 as compared to $2.09 for 2020, an increase of 75.1%. On an adjusted basis, net income for the full year of 2021 was $1.2 billion compared to $777 million last year, a 51.8% increase. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year 2021 was $3.96 as compared to $2.55 for 2020, a 55.3% increase. These net income numbers represent a tremendous achievement for the company as we achieved net income in excess of $1 billion in 2021 for the first time in our history. 08:30 Let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 6, organic revenue for parts and services in the quarter for our North American segment increased 8.3% on a reported basis and 9.9% on a per day basis, compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. When comparing to pre-pandemic levels, organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment in Q4 of 2021 declined around 5% on a per day basis relative to 2019 levels. Industry data indicates repairable claims declined mid-teens relative to 2019, so it was another quarter of outperformance for our North American operations. 09:23 Our salvage business and the growth in our major mechanical product groups continued its solid performance during the quarter. Although fill rates for aftermarket collision parts have been challenged, we are again witnessing a positive offset from our quote conversion rates on salvage parts. Given the supply chain disruptions, it's no surprise that our aftermarket parts business lagged the results of our recycling and remanufacturing businesses. 09:54 In 2021, our North America salvage operations continued its leadership as the largest recycler of vehicles, by processing over 783,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 3.9 million gallons of fuel, 2.2 million gallons of waste oil, 2.1 million tires, 740,000 batteries, and 1.2 million tons of scrap metal. 10:26 Moving to our European segment, organic revenue for parts and services increased 5.7% on a reported basis and 5.4% on a per day basis in the quarter. Demand trends strengthened sequentially in the fourth quarter across all of our European regions. Most of our regional operations experienced similar levels of revenue growth, with standout performance from our parts business in the Benelux region and solid contributions from Germany, the UK and Central and Eastern Europe. On a full year basis, these businesses performed quite well, both on revenue and profitability. Italy again lags relative to our other markets. 11:15 Now let's move on to our specialty segment. During Q4, specialty reported organic revenue growth of 5.7% on a reported basis and 7.3% on a per day basis. Considering the tough comparison to an exceptionally strong 2020, this organic growth exceeded our expectations and reflected a tremendous effort by our specialty team. 11:42 A few specialty operational highlights would include the fact that, due to the specialty segment's Department of Transportation safety scores and positive inspection history, the team is now eligible to participate in the department's pre-pass program. This program allows our drivers to bypass weigh stations and certain ports of entry. The benefits of this program will include faster travel time to the docks, less idling time and higher driver retention. Importantly, this program highlights that health and safety of our employees and our other stakeholders is paramount within our organization. 12:25 Secondly, during the quarter, our specialty segment moved their industry leading product catalog to a digital format. At the peak, specialty printed over 300,000 copies of these catalogs, each consisting of over 1,000 pages. So this represent a savings of 300 million printed pages. This green focus and shift to a digital catalog is another example of how our teams across all segments are driving our environmental leadership into all facets of the business. 13:02 Looking ahead, we expect solid revenue growth across all 3 of our segments in 2022 as we creep back to pre-pandemic volumes, get some relief from the aftermarket supply chain in the back half of the year, and utilize strategic pricing initiatives. Specifically, we are still running behind 2019 revenue in North America, but we are closing the gap and expect to approach pre-pandemic revenue levels as we exit 2022. Europe is back to pre-pandemic revenue levels and we look forward to continuing the positive momentum from Q4 as we move forward in 2022. And specialty is obviously already running well ahead of pre-pandemic revenue levels. 13:53 On the corporate development front, as mentioned in our last call, in the first week of October, we completed the acquisition of [indiscernible] one of the leading independent car parts wholesalers in the Netherlands and Seawide Marine Distribution, a nationwide electronics wholesale distributor that supplies electrical and electronic products for the marine outdoor and personal navigation markets. 14:20 During the fourth quarter, we continued the build-out of our ESG program by implementing various social initiatives. In December, the company launched our LKQ Cares Holiday Vote, a unique program in which all employees had a voice determining how LKQ's donations are allocated. With this program LKQ donated funds to 10 separate non-profit organizations across the globe during the holiday period. Also in December, the LKQ Community Foundation donated monies to assist various non-profits with relief and recovery efforts from the long-track tornado that produced severe catastrophic damage in several states and numerous communities. 15:12 Let's now turn to the inflationary environment, a key item of interest for most listeners on this call. Inflation was a harsh reality across each of our segments, especially during the fourth quarter when inflation climbed to a 39-year high in December. The rise in prices is fairly straightforward, a combination of unprecedented supply chain and labor disruptions which choked the output and monetary and fiscal stimulus, which accelerated demand. Global disruptions of this size and philosophy do not reset overnight and we suspect it will continue to be a headwind throughout 2022, but make no mistake, we are not resting and waiting for this to reset. 16:02 Our segment teams have implemented processes with our supplier and customer partners to deal with price changes in a more planned and structured way, ultimately staying ahead of the inflationary trends. Of course, the success of these ongoing processes will depend on the timing of the recovery in the supply chain, including some relief in ocean freight cost. 16:26 Related to labor, by the end of December 2021, there were 11 million job openings in the United States. Simply stated, there is a battle to hire and retain talent at all levels of the organization and prospective hires clearly have leveraged and that comes at a cost. Our North American operations have over 1,000 open positions, which represents roughly a 6% vacancy rate . In 2021, we witnessed 5% to 7% net increase in wages for our business in North America. 17:04 We are working diligently to develop creative ways to recruit potential candidates beyond just compensation. To expand the recruiting efforts, we are building partnerships that focus on the skills needed for the open positions and exploring how we can attract talent. In 2021, we invested in the benefit plans provided to our employees, including but not limited to, enhancements to our core behavioral health and paid parental leave programs. Our European operations are facing the same challenges and are currently running at a 3.5% vacancy rate, with wages increasing between 3% and 5% in 2021. 17:48 Focusing on retention and recruiting as well, at the end of the fourth quarter our Europe team launched a comprehensive employee engagement survey with WorkBuzz to further understand the employee experience and how we can be their Employer of Choice. The team invested in development for their leadership team and mental wellbeing training for all colleagues across Europe. 18:13 The labor impact is an industry-wide issue. In the fourth quarter, the national average scheduling backlog for collision repair shops were 3.4 weeks versus pre-pandemic levels of just 1.7 weeks. The doubling of the backlog is predominantly due to technician shortages and to a lesser extent parts availability. Based on the milestones we achieved throughout 2021, clearly, our teams have been judicious with quickly driving change and I am confident, we will operate with the same level of vigor to combat the headwinds we face with the supply chain and labor and freight cost, all against the backdrop of the ongoing pandemic. 19:02 Lastly, before I turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our outlook for 2022, I am pleased to announce that on February 15, 2022, our Board of Directors approved our second quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 a share, payable on March 24, 2022 to all stockholders of record at the close of business on March 3, 2022. 19:32 And with that, I will turn it over to Varun.
Varun Laroyia: 19:36 Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. Before I go into details on the fourth quarter, I'd like to spend a moment to reflect on the last two years operating in the pandemic. Since the world was turned upside down in March of 2020, we leveraged LKQ's core strengths, namely our best-in-class inventory availability and service reliability, extensive distribution network, rock solid balance sheet, and most importantly, our people to be successful in adverse conditions. We accelerated our operational excellence program to make the business more resilient and have delivered record annual results yet again, while creating a strong position for the company to participate in the demand recovery. 20:26 The performance over the past 3 years since the pivot to operational excellence and in 2021 in particular, highlights the benefits of our operating initiatives. By many measures, 2021 was an outstanding year. In terms of profitability, we generated record full year adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.96, an increase of 55% compared to 2020, our previous high watermark. During the September 2020 Investor Day I set the expectation that LKQ aims to be a double-digit EPS compounder with about half coming from organic growth and productivity and the rest from judicious capital allocation. With our 2021 results, we surpassed this expectation and picked up about 3 years of EPS growth in a single year. 21:22 We have sustained the momentum built in recent years around cash flow generation, with free cash flow of $1.1 billion in 2021 and successfully reset the business model to operate at this higher level going forward. At the conversion ratio of 60% of EBITDA, we are delivering free cash flow in line with our long-term expectation, generating significant and sustainable free cash flow has accelerated various capital allocation options, including our share repurchase program, maintaining investment grade credit metrics, and initiating a regular quarterly dividend. 22:02 With the focus on operational excellence, including integrating our acquisitions and converting profits to cash, we have made significant progress in improving our return on invested capital. By our internal measure of ROIC, which essentially ignores the amortization of intangibles, we exceeded 15% in 2021 after running at approximately 10% just a few years ago. All of this reflects our commitment to delivering long-term value to our various stakeholders. 22:34 I'd also like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere thanks to the entire LKQ team for their dedication and hard work. It takes all 45,000 of us rowing in the same direction to deliver such outcomes. We have raised the bar on what LKQ can be and we have more to come. 22:55 Now shifting to the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter results reflect a solid finish to the year, with improving revenue, net income, and earnings per share year-over-year, despite, as expected, the negative impact of metals, challenges to inflation, the global supply chain and the Omicron variant. Gross margin remained a year-over-year benefit with improvement in Europe, offsetting metals-driven softness in North American margins. Unlike the first 3 quarters of 2021, commodity prices had a negative effect on margins in the fourth quarter. 23:34 We estimate that scrap steel and precious metal prices produced year-over-year decreases of approximately $16 million in segment EBITDA and $0.04 in adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter. In 2020, we benefited from significant sequential increases in scrap steel, and precious metal prices during the fourth quarter, while 2021 showed roughly flat to declining sequential changes. 24:03 Overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 130 basis points year-over-year with over half driven by personnel costs. The tight labor market has pushed wages higher in many of our markets. Additionally, strong performance across all 3 segments contributed to increased levels of incentive compensation in 2021, which of course resets with new targets for 2022. 24:28 I'll now turn to segment operating results. Starting on slide number 10, North America produced an EBITDA margin of 15.1% for the quarter. Our adjusted gross margin was unfavorable by 50 basis points, primarily related to the metals effect, which had a negative 210 basis point effect on gross margin in the fourth quarter. The benefits from ongoing margin initiatives in the wholesale business and improved pricing partially offset the metals impact. 25:01 Segment overhead expenses increased by 230 basis points, with the largest change owing to personnel expenses. Roughly half of the 140 basis point increase in personnel expenses is attributable to higher incentive compensation, with the remainder related to wages, temporary labor, and medical costs. Higher freight and fuel cost drove a further 80 basis point increase in overhead expenses. 25:30 With some of the overhead leverage benefit from higher revenue dollars offsetting a portion of the gross margin impact, metals had a negative 170 basis points effect on the reported 15.1% segment EBITDA margin. This result is consistent with our expectations for a mid to high 16% baseline without the metals impact. For the full year, the reported North America segment EBITDA margin of 18.3% benefited by roughly 100 basis points from metals prices, mostly in the first half of the year. 26:10 Moving to Europe, Europe continued its strong performance with an 8.9% EBITDA margin, the highest fourth quarter figure since 2015 and finished the full year with 10.2%. As you can see on Slide 11, gross margin was the primary driver of the fourth quarter improvement with better net pricing. We are pleased with Europe's progress in delivering a double digit full year segment EBITDA margin and we are confident that there is further opportunity ahead. 26:41 Moving to Slide 12, specialty held gross margin roughly flat despite inflationary pressures in the segment's 1 operations and a negative mix effect from the SeaWide acquisition with offsetting benefits in net pricing. Operating expenses increased by 80 basis points, driven mostly by personnel expenses, higher wages, medical costs, and incentive compensation, which of course, some of it will be reset to reflect 2022 targets. The specialty team made great progress on the SeaWide integration plan during the fourth quarter by moving all inventory into existing facilities in December and subsequently has exited 3 of the 4 acquired facilities in January, which of course will create cost savings going forward. 27:31 Income taxes in the fourth quarter of 2021 included discrete benefits of $0.07, primarily related to the reversal of certain valuation allowances and true-ups related to prior-year tax return filings. There was a benefit of $0.25 reflecting the change in estimate of our effective tax rate as we closed out our 2021 financials. While the discrete benefits in the 2021 rate are non-recurring, we expect to benefit from a lower effective tax rate going forward and have included 25.1% in our 2022 guidance assumptions. 28:12 Shifting to liquidity and capital allocation, we have been foreshadowing a cash outflow for inventory all year as we've looked to rebuild our inventory levels in anticipation of demand recovering. The outflow has been delayed by supply chain issues, though we began to see some real progress in the fourth quarter. As you can see on Slide 31, we were able to grow our inventory balances in all 3 segments in the fourth quarter, an opportunity which drove a higher than expected cash outflow of $182 million. While there are still some challenges getting aftermarket products to our locations, given the challenges with ocean freight and ongoing congestion at the ports here in North America, we saw robust activity at the auctions and grew our salvage inventory to support the strong growth in this category. 29:05 We were also successful in increasing the inventory for our specialty segment ahead of the key selling season, with a number of shows that take place in the first quarter. We are confident that our inventory positions will enable each segment to continue to offer best-in-class availability and service relative to our competitors, despite the ongoing supply chain challenges. 29:30 Our capital spending for the quarter was higher than what we've seen in recent years. With a backdrop of inflation continuing for the foreseeable future, the increase was driven by strategic capital deployment during the quarter as we identified a series of opportunities, mostly related to our salvage business in North America to invest in real estate. These investments, which include site expansions and the purchase of a new facility for our Denver operation will provide room for growth in our salvage business. 30:02 Additionally, we identified other high return investments related to vehicles, equipment, and systems to undertake in the fourth quarter, given the long lead times with the ongoing supply chain disruptions. In total, the real estate and other strategic purchases totaled about $90 million for the quarter, which accounts for much of the growth in capital spending. 30:26 Full year free cash flow, as I mentioned previously, was $1.1 billion, our second year in a row being above the $1 billion mark. At a 60% conversion ratio for free cash flow to EBITDA for the year, this was roughly $275 million above our original guidance floor of $800 million when we gave guidance for 2021 last February. Following our balanced capital allocation philosophy, we repurchased 5.3 million shares in the quarter for $297 million and issued our first quarterly dividend with a $73 million payment in December. 31:09 We also acquired businesses in the fourth quarter. SeaWide in our specialty segment and a tuck-in business in the Benelux market for a total consideration of $57 million. Our net leverage ratio came in at 1.4 times EBITDA and interest coverage now exceeds 28 times compared to the credit facility requirements of 4 times and 3 times, respectively. We are well positioned with our credit metrics, which are consistent with an investment grade profile and we remain committed to achieving an investment-grade rating. As our earnings release of this morning indicated, the Board has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share, which will be paid to stockholders on record as of March 3. 31:59 I will wrap up my prepared comments with our thoughts on 2022. Over the past two years of living with the once in 100 year health crisis, what has become clear is the resiliency of our end markets and our team's ability to deliver solid results utilizing the operational excellence toolkit. This in effect gives us the confidence to reinstate full year guidance, including organic revenue growth for the coming year. Our guidance assumes that; one, there are no significant negative developments related to the COVID-19 in our major markets; two, foreign exchange rates hold near recent level for the remainder of the year; three, scrap and precious metal prices trend lower than what we're currently seeing in the month of February and an effective tax rate of 25.1%. So with that, we expect organic parts and services revenue growth of between 3% and 5%, with higher growth rates in the second half of the year than the first half. 33:04 With ongoing inflationary pressures exacerbated by the supply chain challenges, we remain confident in our ability to positively work through pricing changes as needed. Second, we are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.72 to $4.02, with a midpoint of $3.87. This is a decrease of $0.09 or 2% at the midpoint, relative to the 2021 actual figure. 33:38 Looking at slide number 19, you can see how we get from the 2021 actual EPS to our 2022 expectation. We've been transparent about the commodities benefit on our 2021 results. And with lower prices anticipated for 2022, we will face a headwind of roughly $0.27 related to scrap steel and precious metal prices, predominantly in the self-service operating unit. The favorable discrete tax adjustments in 2021 will not reoccur, which will lower EPS by a further $0.06. Additionally, lower average foreign exchange rates will have a $0.04 negative effect year-over-year and we had a $0.03 pickup of fair value adjustments related to certain equity investments that we are not projecting to reoccur in 2022. 34:36 Taking these factors into account, we are looking at a baseline EPS figure of $3.56. On a 2 year stack, we remain well above our long-term growth expectations in 2022 and we expect annual growth rates to normalize in 2023. The operational excellence initiatives have created a significantly stronger and more resilient business, which we believe will support our ability to improve operating results, despite the current inflationary environment and supply chain challenges. 35:10 And finally, our balance sheet is solid. We continue to generate outstanding free cash flow through strong profitability and judicious use of trade working capital. We are projecting to generate free cash flow of at least $1 billion in 2022 as we sustain a healthy conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow. 35:33 Before I turn it back to Nick, I want to inform everyone that we are contemplating breaking out the self-service operating unit as a separate reportable segment in 2022. While we are not planning any changes in how self-service is operated or how it interacts with the wholesale business, we'd like to provide investors even greater transparency into the North America business, especially as it relates to the metals impact. We will provide further information on the decision ahead of our first quarter earnings call in late April. 36:12 Thanks for your time this morning. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Dominick Zarcone: 36:19 Thank you, Varun. In closing, 2021 was a banner year for LKQ and I could not be prouder of the collective efforts of my global teams. Let me restate our key strategic pillars, which continue to be central to our culture and objectives as we've entered 2022. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And last but not least, we will continue to invest in our future. 37:13 With these pillars in place, coupled with our industry-leading teams, we are well positioned to face the challenges in the first half of the year and we'll continue to deliver positive year-over-year operating results for our shareholders. As always, I want to thank the over 45,000 people who work at LKQ for all they do to advance our business each and every day. They are truly our greatest asset. 37:44 And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: 37:50 Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore of Truist.
Stephanie Moore: 38:03 Hi, good morning and congrats on a great year.
Dominick Zarcone: 38:07 Good morning, Stephanie.
Stephanie Moore: 38:10 My first question is really a clarification question. As you look to your 2022 EPS guidance, does that -- does the guide EPS range include incremental share repurchases?
Varun Laroyia: 38:21 Good morning, Stephanie. It's Varun. No, it does not. Really, what you see on Slide 19 of the earnings deck reflects the annualized benefit of all the share repurchases that we did in 2021. And obviously, that flows through into 2022. So, no, the guidance does not include anything incremental that we may do in 2022.
Stephanie Moore: 38:44 Great. No, that's helpful. Switching to the North America business, obviously there has been across all segments a tremendous work over the last 2 years to just improve operating performance, reduce costs, whether it'd be around labor, et cetera. So maybe if you wanted to kind of bridge what you expect would be incremental expenses in North America. I think you noted and we're all aware of labor, wage pressure, towing and then also kind of what will be done to offset that from this overall efficiency gain? Thank you. As well as pricing? Thanks.
Dominick Zarcone: 39:20 Thank you, Stephanie. Let me answer that one. So I think your question is specifically regarding North American margins in the fourth quarter. And again, if you kind of go back to the earnings deck on slide number 10, where we actually break that piece out, First of all, I think just to be cognizant of it that we have a seasonal trend within our business. And so, Q4 typically is lighter in many case, but as you rightly point out, yes, some of the inflationary pressures have certainly been picking up. 39:49 In my prepared comments, I did call out where the single biggest piece was, which was within the personnel cost. I think everyone understands that there is a tremendous amount of labor shortage here in North America, and arguably the other one is that how much of that is our higher incentive compensation also. Clearly from an incentive compensation perspective that does get reset with new targets in 2022, so that entire number that you see, that really is not the true exit run rate. So that's kind of an important piece to think through, but with regards to medical costs for that matter what we are paying from a talent perspective, that is real. And we do expect our ability to get positive price associated with that. 40:37 I think the other piece really which maybe is kind of more fundamental is, at the gross margin level, while it seems that gross margins were down by about 40 basis points to 50 basis points year-on-year, really they were down by 210 basis points owing to the metal space. So the metal is the single biggest piece in our North American margins. And if you go back to the October earnings call, we were aware that metals would impact our North America segment margins. So that really is where it shows up. 41:09 The work that the team has done on positive pricing has been able to offset some of that. And then the final point really I'd like to highlight is the 15.1% that North America reported for Q4 is impacted by about 170 basis points associated with metals. You add those 2 pieces together and it is right where our expectations are, which is the mid to high 16% without the metals impact. 41:35 So I hope that helps answer. We are happy with the way the Europe -- the North American business is performing. We are aware of the supply chain challenges and also the inflationary pressures, but the team is doing an outstanding job and really hitting its marks excluding the metals volatility.
Stephanie Moore: 41:56 Absolutely. Thank you so much for the color.
Operator: 42:00 Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro of Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: 42:05 Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Dominick Zarcone: 42:07 Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: 42:09 I wanted to follow up on the thoughts around long term efficiencies. Varun, you kind of mentioned I think the word productivity improvement could offset some of these inflationary headwinds this year to drive that improvement. Could you add some more color around what specifically you see an opportunity to improve? I think you mentioned freight and supply chain. Can you kind of quantify any of those savings buckets? 42:30 And then taking a step back, as we look out 2023, 2024 and beyond, I know you're not giving long-term targets now, but how should we think about the pace or the cadence of margin expansion in out years given what you see on the productivity opportunity.
Varun Laroyia: 42:44 Yeah. Thank you, Daniel. So let me just try and summarize your question. And that really is in terms of where we see margin expansion and then really further productivity gains. So let me start with the margin side first. 42:59 As you saw in our quarterly earnings, in the earnings deck, Europe has been doing an outstanding job on the pricing side. And you certainly see that gross margin expanding for our European business. That accounts for close to half of our business. And as part of the One LKQ program that we had called out in September of 2019, that business has hit every single mark that it had suggested. 43:25 As Nick has previously also called out, we are not done with the One LKQ Europe program. We're making tremendous progress, but there is a lot further opportunity yet to come. So when you see the full year 10.2% segment EBITDA margin, we expect 2022 to continue to improve from there on. So that's kind of one piece I certainly wanted to highlight. 43:47 The second one is, I think from a North America margin perspective, I think folks get a little bit confused about the metals piece and really with that, as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, gross margin owing to metals was impacted by 210 basis points in the quarter, which we had largely anticipated and excluding the metals benefit -- rather the metals impact in the fourth quarter, that would have been a mid to high 16s. The metals impact was 170 basis points. 44:17 So that may seem to kind of color some of the views, but that business is hitting its marks and whether it'd be the permanent cost savings that had been called out at the September 2020 Investor Day, that business is exceeding those at this point in time. And as we've talked about whether it'd be route optimization, overall network setup that we have across our North America business, each of those pieces continues to deliver. Those are multi-year goals and the business continues to find further opportunity. 44:52 So without belaboring the point further, we are excited about where our North America and our European business is and the same for our specialty business, [indiscernible] forget it at times, but that business has just been outstanding from its execution perspective. They are not immune like other businesses in other industries with regards to inflationary pressures, but really that specific segment, while our smallest segment has did an outstanding job, really picking up the strong demand that continues to come through and then executing flawlessly on that front. 45:28 The final point I should kind of highlight is that, when you talked about multi-year views, we are contemplating our biannual Investor Day setup and that is currently expected to be late spring, early summer, but certainly after the first quarter earnings. So we are thinking of a May timeframe at this point in time.
Daniel Imbro: 45:51 Varun, thanks for that color. Nick, I wanted to follow up with a bit of a longer-term question. You mentioned some of the ESG initiatives and clearly that's a focus for the company with the recycling. But as EVs grow across the country and just over the next decade, how is the infrastructure in your opinion on EV battery recycling? Is that something you could be a larger player in since there is a demand for it and you're already ingrained in the auto recycling ecosystem? Just kind of curious how LKQ can capitalize on that opportunity given where you sit today.
Dominick Zarcone: 46:25 Yes, Daniel. Great question. As we announced last quarter, we've made an acquisition probably 4 or 5 months ago of a company called Green Bean that got us into the entire battery remanufacturing, not recycling, but remanufacturing business. We are looking to make further investments in battery technology just so we can make sure that we are able to address the opportunities that are going to come along with the very slow shift of the car park to EVs. Within there, there'll be plenty of opportunities for LKQ. Just like the engine is the most expensive and most valuable part of our car today, the battery is the most valuable part on an EV and that provides a number of different opportunities for a company like LKQ. 47:21 As the EV population grows in the United States, we fully anticipate that the cars that we buy at auction coming out of the whole total loss process that there will be a higher percentage of electric vehicles in that population of cars that we buy and that will provide a number of opportunities for us on the remanufacturing and potentially recycling side of the EV battery business. So we view it as a big opportunity. It's going to take some time to develop because the impact of EVs on the car park is going to be very slow and very evolutionary, but we are thinking ahead and trying to get ahead of the curve.
Daniel Imbro: 48:07 Thanks, guys.
Operator: 48:08 Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler of Stifel.
Brian Butler: 48:13 Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question.
Dominick Zarcone: 48:16 Good morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: 48:19 Just the first one, can you kind of maybe summarize the segment margins that are kind of built into the 2022 outlook? And also kind of how that might flow seasonally through the year?
Dominick Zarcone: 48:33 Yeah. So we generally don't provide segment by segment margins, but as we've talked about in this call already, right? Long-term sustainable margins for the North American business will be in the mid to high 16% range. And that's where we were in Q4 in North America, if you exclude the impact of the metals. So we're very comfortable in the mid to high 16s in North America. Again we posted up 10.2% in Europe for the year in 2021. We do anticipate another 30 basis point to 50 basis point improvement in Europe during the next year. And specialty has been a very strong and we don't expect a tremendous amount of upside in specialty margins, but they're going to more than hold their own. 49:29 So when you put it all together on a corporate level, you're going to be shaking out probably somewhere in that 13% range from a EBITDA margin perspective. Again, that all assumes no significant movements in metals pricing and the like.
Brian Butler: 49:47 Okay, great. That's helpful. And then a follow-up question on the cash flow side. Can you talk a little bit about maybe capital spending in 2022 and how that should trend? What's keeping that at a higher level? As well as how should we think about working capital in the year? How much of that $1.3 billion of cash from operations is benefiting or being impacted by the working capital side?
Varun Laroyia: 50:15 Brian, it's Varun. So, let me take those 2 questions. So, firstly, with regards to capital spending, we are back to our normal cadence, which is between 2% and 2.25% of revenue, right? So between 2% and 2.25% on a revenue perspective, and this really is a bounce back from what took place in 2020. Our ability to quickly act and pull down that CapEx number is what we delivered during the height of the pandemic a couple of years ago. You saw 2021 coming at the 2.2% and we expect a similar number in 2022 also. So roughly, call it, between the $285 million to $300 million is what we are expecting from a capital expenditure and that then fits into our top line revenue guidance also. So that's kind of point number one. 51:09 With regards to the overall free cash flow number, we are essentially targeting a 55% to 60% EBITDA conversion. This is what we've been talking about for the past couple of years and really through 2020 where you saw a significantly higher conversion rate as the business was essentially finding as to where the demand was, we certainly flexed the balance sheet and really on a go-forward basis we are stabilizing the free cash flow at that higher level. So the 55% to 60% EBITDA conversion piece and really, if anyone is looking for the math associated with that as to why, that is a strong conversion factor for a distribution business. 51:50 Let me start from an EBITDA perspective. There are cash taxes to be paid. So in our case, call it, roughly about $350 million of cash taxes. Capital expenditure, as I just mentioned, roughly 2.2%, so the $285 million to $300 million. Interest expense, which was about $72 million in 2021, call it, marginally down in 2022. And then finally restructuring and restructuring will be at a similar number to what we did in 2021, so roughly about $20 million. That really is your conversion from a cash basis, EBITDA down to what we see coming through from a free cash flow perspective. 52:30 I hope that gives you the math. I certainly hope that -- it makes sense. And it's been very consistent to what we've been talking about now for the past couple of years.
Brian Butler: 52:41 Okay, great. And if I could slip in maybe one last one. Just on the metal side when you talk about metals coming down, are we really talking about kind of what's built into the 2022 guidance is metal prices getting back to the 2020 levels. I mean, when you take out the full $0.27 impact, I'm just trying to understand the magnitude of how much pricing has -- how much metal prices have to come down to show that impact?
Varun Laroyia: 53:10 Yeah. So if you think about where we – where the metals benefit came through in 2021, that's the starting point, right? And from that perspective, if you think about where catalytic converters and that really is where the precious metals group really sits, that was at an all-time high. I think it touched an all-time high of close to about $285, $290 per cat converter on an average quarterly basis. So that number has come down significantly. 53:39 And really, if you think about -- we called this piece out in September, because we've seen it at the end of August and September of last year, and then again, we saw that these -- from a volatility perspective in December and also in early January. So we're looking at numbers which are significantly lower than the full year average of about $255 on a cat converter, call it, about 20% lower than that. 54:04 And then really, I think over the past couple of weeks, really with the geopolitical tensions there has been a slight uptick associated with that. But really, when we are purchasing salvage vehicles and as to how we're processing them, there's always a lag associated with it. So that really is how you should think about it more than anything else. And that's the underlying assumption of what we have in our overall full year guidance on. So I hope that gives you a sense in terms of how we're thinking about the volatility associated with metals.
Operator: 54:36 Your next question comes from the line of Jordan -- from the line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: 54:42 Hey, good morning, guys.
Dominick Zarcone: 54:44 Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: 54:46 On the 2022 outlook for growth, could you sort of carve out what is price versus units in that, particularly in the parts and service, the 3% to 5%?
Dominick Zarcone: 54:57 Yeah. Bret, great question. It's -- the answer is, it depends. It's really different business by business and product line by product line. But I assure you that all of our segments are expecting an increase in demand, increase in volume, if you will. A portion of the 3% to 5% is anticipation that we're going to be able to move prices up, but certainly not all of it. It's a good balance between volume and price. The reality is, we look at prices on our products literally daily across the globe. And we are always adjusting something up or down. It's a balance. 55:43 On the one hand, we want to make sure we're driving the price to make sure we're doing whatever we can do to protect our gross margins to cover the cost, the incremental cost associated with labor and freight and all the rest. On the other hand, you don't want to take your prices up so much that you start impacting our ability to sell product and impact volumes. So it's a balance. We think we have a -- strike a good balance. Again, we're working with our suppliers, we're working with our customers and embedded in that 3% to 5% is a volume growth for all 3 of the segments and some pricing improvements as well.
Bret Jordan: 56:31 Okay, great. And then one question on [indiscernible]. I think you called out that supply chain is still an issue. Could you talk about both Europe and North America, sort of where your fill rates are versus where you'd hope they'd be? And maybe the cadence of the supply chain, are you seeing improvement in those fill rates?
Dominick Zarcone: 56:48 Yeah. So the real challenge that we have is the aftermarket collision parts in North America, because that's where we pull the better part of 16,000 containers a year over from the Far East, Taiwan, specifically. And that's been the most impacted by the supply chain disruption. And again, we were able to build inventories in each of the segments. We're feeling reasonably good with our current positions in Europe, though, it's not perfect. It's better than it was, the same with specialty. It's not perfect, but it's better than it was. Again, we've gotten great conversion on the salvage side. And so the sticky wicket, if you will, is in the North American aftermarket business where normally we would be in fulfillment rates well north of 90% and we're below the 90% level right now. Our goal is to get back to our historical levels and that's all tied to having product on the shelf in order to sell. It's not necessarily a demand issue. It's truly a supply issue. 58:01 We saw a little bit of relief towards the end of the year in getting product over. Now, everyone needs to understand that while on the balance sheet the value of the inventory even in North America was up, it's basically our inventory. It's on our books when it hits the ports in Taiwan. And with the extended shipping time, it doesn't mean that our salable inventory sitting in our warehouses was up by the full amount of the increase in North American inventory. It's still a challenge. 58:37 I mean, what used to take 4 to 6 weeks to get product into our warehouses is taking months. And we did everything we could to pull product in before the Chinese New Year, which has an impact on the shipping times and we are able to get a bit of product in and now it's slowing back down a little bit. Overall, we think the supply chain challenges are going to be with us basically through most of the year. We're working hard to do what we can to make sure we've got the product that we need where we need it, so we can sell it and deliver it to our customers.
Bret Jordan: 59:15 Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: 59:18 Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember of CL King.
Scott Stember: 59:24 Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. But maybe, Nick, you could talk about on the specialty side, again, maybe give a little more granularity on this pass that the drivers get, the level of benefit you can see in 2022 and also why is this just limited to the specialty delivery side?
Dominick Zarcone: 59:48 Yeah. So the -- you're talking about the Department of Transportation --
Scott Stember: 59:54 Yes.
Dominick Zarcone: 59:55 So every year every organization has to submit information to the DOT and the like. Our specialty business, which executes incredibly well has an incredible focus on safety as their number 1 priority and goal. And it's coming through because their results were quite good. We don't anticipate it to have a huge impact on specialties margins, our ability to -- certainly, it has nothing to do with sales. But on the fringe, on the margin, it means that a little bit less waiting time for the drivers, which makes them a little bit more productive, the ability to save some time and money on labor. 60:49 Again, you probably won't be able to see it because it's not a big item, but we wanted to highlight it just to demonstrate the focus that we have on the health and safety of our employees and the other constituents that are important to us. And it's a little bit of a blue ribbon issued by the government saying that we're doing a good job.
Scott Stember: 61:15 Got it. That's all I have. Thanks.
Operator: 61:19 This concludes today's Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: 61:25 Well, we certainly like to thank everybody for their time and attention here this morning. We know that this earnings season is always -- like always is a busy one. We appreciate your focus on LKQ. Again, we are incredibly proud of what we delivered in 2021. We are incredibly excited about what lays in front of us in 2022. We believe we're going to be able to deliver and execute on our plan and create value for all of our shareholders and all the other constituents. So we look forward to chatting with you again in late April after Q1. And then as Varun indicated, we'll get everyone together for our longer-term strategic view of the business in the late spring, early summer at our Investor Day. And we'll be coming out with an exact date in the near term here. So thank you and have a great day.
Operator: 62:19 Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation.
Joseph Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call.  Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC.  During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days.  And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter, and then Varun will dive into the financial details as well as our outlook for the balance of 2021, before I come back with a few closing remarks.  This was another quarter of significant operating progress at LKQ, driven by excellent execution in delivering solid financial performance, all while navigating the challenges with the supply chain and the current cost environment. We were able to produce yet another record quarter, and this represents the fifth consecutive quarter with the highest EPS reported in their respective quarters. The third quarter also reflects the second time we've been able to achieve more than $1 of earnings per share on an adjusted basis and reflects the highest third quarter segment EBITDA margin in the history of the company.  We are particularly pleased that our European business delivered its highest segment EBITDA level in over 9 years, exceeding the 11% level. Varun will dig into the margin details shortly.  While I recognize the listeners are primarily focused on the financial results, I know our performance is a reflection of the dedication and effort of our 45,000 team members around the globe who are working hard to serve our customers. I hope you can appreciate that I am more excited about the performance of my team than the quarterly results as they are the key to continued excellence.  With respect to capital allocation, as you hopefully read from our press release issued this morning, I am very pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has declared the company's first-ever quarterly cash dividend. This dividend declaration and our existing stock repurchase program are key components of our strategic plan to drive total long-term returns for our stockholders. Our solid balance sheet and sustainable cash flow generation, coupled with our leading market positions across our operating segments, provide us with the opportunity to execute on that plan. The quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share will be paid on December 2, 2021, to stockholders of record at the close of business on November 11.  Now on to the quarter. Revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was $3.3 billion, an increase of 8.2% as compared to the $3.0 billion in the third quarter of 2020. During the third quarter, total parts and services revenue increased 6%, comprising organic growth of 4%, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures increasing revenue by 0.5% and foreign exchange rates increasing revenue by 1.5%. Net income for the third quarter of 2021 was $284 million as compared to $194 million for the same period last year, an increase of 46.4%. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.96 a share as compared to $0.64 a share for the same period of 2020, an increase of 50%.  On an adjusted basis, net income in the third quarter was $300 million compared to $228 million in the same period of 2020, a 31.6% increase. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $1.02 as compared to $0.75 for the same period of 2020, a 36% increase.  Now let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. Slide 5 sets forth the revenue trends for the quarter, and you can see growth rates improved year-over-year for all segments. The vaccination rates in our key geographic markets continued to improve; but as we progressed throughout the quarter, we started to face headwinds related to the rise in the Delta variant and also challenges with the aftermarket supply chain, both of which impacted organic growth across each of the segments.  Turning to North America. According to the U.S. Department of Energy, fuel consumption for the third quarter was 8.6% above the prior year and 1.3% below the third quarter of 2019. From Slide 6, you will note that organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment increased 5.9% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. When looking at our performance relative to collision and liability repairable claims this quarter, given the aberrations associated with the significant swings in 2020, we believe the most relevant comparison is to the third quarter of 2019.  During Q3, organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment declined about 7% on a per day basis relative to 2019 levels, while repairable claims declined 10.6%, so it was another period of outperformance for our North American operations. During the third quarter, our salvage business and the growth of our major mechanical product groups had solid performance. Although fill rates have been challenged, we are witnessing a positive offset from our quote conversion rates on salvage parts. Importantly, as we progressed through the third quarter and entered Q4, we've witnessed an increase in availability of the auctions, and prices are moderating versus what we experienced earlier in the year.  Also, Elitek, our diagnostic and calibration services business, continued to exceed our expectations, with September being the highest monthly level of diagnostic scans since building out this business, a clear sign that shops and carriers are embracing this unique service offering. For those on the call that will be attending the SEMA event next week, Elitek will have a presence at the show. So please come visit, and you can see why we are excited about this growth opportunity.  Moving on to our European segment. Organic revenue for parts and services in the third quarter increased 0.1% on a reported basis and 0.3% on a per day basis. When compared to the third quarter of 2019, our European revenue was down just 1% on a per day basis. So we have made progress on getting back to pre-pandemic levels and are optimistic we will move ahead of the 2019 levels in the next quarter or 2.  From an overall mobility perspective, virtually every European market experienced flat growth in the quarter, which we believe is a sign that the spike we witnessed in the second quarter due to the reopening of the economy subsided sequentially in Q3. Our regional operations continued to experience varying revenue performance in the quarter. Our Eastern European business had the strongest recovery despite a very competitive pricing environment. Germany and the Benelux markets also delivered well above total segment growth. The drag in growth was primarily driven by negative growth in Italy, a market that continues to face very difficult conditions.  Other items to note in Europe would include the fact that on September 6, we celebrated the grand opening of our new Innovation and Service Center in Katowice, Poland that began operations earlier in the quarter. Also, on October 1, just after the close of the third quarter, we acquired a company named Hamu, which operates 9 locations in the Central Netherlands region. With over 100 employees, Hamu is one of the largest independent automotive parts wholesalers in the Netherlands.  Now let's move on to our Specialty segment, which again delivered solid performance during the third quarter by reporting organic revenue growth on a same-day basis of 13.7%. As witnessed in the first half of the year, the drivers of this ongoing performance continued to be strong demand for parts related to RVs and light trucks as well as our drop-ship business.  On October 1, we finalized the acquisition of SeaWide Marine Distribution, a nationwide electronics wholesale distributor that supplies electrical and electronic products for the marine, outdoor and personal navigation markets. This acquisition is consistent with the strategy of entering adjacent markets that Bill Rogers highlighted during our 2020 Investor Day.  Marine products overlapped nicely with our RV and towing product portfolio. Importantly, SeaWide now has the benefit of leveraging our network of 8 specialty distribution centers in over 40 cross-docks that are strategically located to provide next-day service throughout North America. According to the National Marine Manufacturers Association, the total addressable market for the wholesale product SeaWide offers is over $3 billion.  Lastly, I want to acknowledge and congratulate the Specialty team for being recognized as the RV Industry Association Distributor of the Year at the recent 2021 RV Aftermarket Conference in Atlanta, a tremendous accomplishment.  In addition to the Hamu and Seawide Marine acquisitions, other corporate development transactions included divesting all of our equity interest in a very small joint venture in the U.K. And acquiring a business in the United States that remanufactures torque converters, a product used in the remanufacturing of automatic transmissions.  The global supply chain continues to be under duress. It is widely known that, today, a record number of ships are anchored off the coast of California waiting for port lanes to unload containers, some of which hold our aftermarket inventory and are eventually headed to LKQ facilities. High demand for overseas products, congestions within the ports and at the rail hubs and a severe shortage of truck drivers, has led to delays and increased cost for ocean and land freight, both in North America and in Europe. The recent initiatives across the globe to begin tackling components of these route issues, such as the measures implemented by the Port of Los Angeles on October 12, are encouraging. But we expect overarching supply chain issues to persist in the near to midterm. We are doing our best to effectively navigate the difficult environment, and we are hopeful that we won't be talking about the supply chain challenges and reading draconian headlines on a daily basis at this time next year.  Alongside supply chain inflationary pressures, like many businesses across the globe, we are facing wage inflation and increased competition for labor. We are constantly looking at our wage structure and turnover rates across all of our segments to ensure we stay ahead of any competitive pressures and to help backfill the open positions with the best candidates we can attract.  Now a brief update on some of our ongoing ESG efforts. During the quarter, we established the LKQ Cares ESG Advisory Committee, which is comprised of key leaders across our company. The purpose of the committee is to support and provide advice regarding LKQ Corporation's ongoing commitment to environmental matters, social responsibility, corporate governance and many other public policies relevant to our company.  Additionally, with inclusion being a core value at LKQ, I am excited to announce that LKQ has joined the Second Chance Business Coalition, a nationwide effort to create economic opportunity for approximately 78 million Americans trying to get back on their feet and contribute to society. We are proud to be alongside 35 other large public and private companies that also believe that supporting those seeking a second chance in life not only provides opportunities for the individual but also for their families and for their communities. It's simply the right thing to do.  Lastly, as you may have read, we are both humbled and honored that LKQ North America has been recognized by WorkBuzz, an independent global employee engagement firm as a 5-Star Employer after receiving positive feedback from our first-ever employee engagement survey. Part of our mission statement is to build strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. And this award validates that our inclusive and engaged teams are proudly carrying this mission forward.  And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the strong third quarter financial performance.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. Our third quarter results reflect continued evidence of the benefits of the operational excellence initiatives we instituted a few years ago. Record profitability and continued robust free cash flow just don't happen by accident. The team's focus on getting the fundamentals right, continuous improvement and winning each day has driven these strong results under what are incredibly challenging conditions, with a congested supply chain and strong inflationary pressures.  I'd like to start with a few highlights before getting into the details. As you heard from Nick, Europe achieved segment EBITDA of 11.5% for the quarter. This gives us the confidence to narrow the full year segment EBITDA range for 2021 further to 9.8% up to 10.3%, effectively lifting the floor by a further 30 basis points. Specialty delivered yet another excellent organic revenue quarter at 13.7% despite the ongoing supply chain challenges. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of robust double-digit organic revenue growth for the segment. Cash flow generation remains strong. And the conversion ratio relative to earnings continues to be above our long-term expectation despite a challenging environment.  The share repurchase program carried on with a further 4.3 million shares purchased in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to 12 million shares and the program to date of 29.3 million shares repurchased. And finally, the initiation of a regular quarterly dividend reflects the confidence in our strategy and the strength of our business, underscoring our commitment to deliver long-term value to our stockholders.  Now I'll move to the consolidated financial results. As Nick described, Q3 was another successful quarter with growth in revenue, EBITDA margin, cash flow and earnings per share. Gross margin was again a highlight for the quarter, increasing 150 basis points relative to the prior year. We continue to feel pressure on input costs across each of our segments, but we have been able to mitigate the effects by being nimble to adjust to the new reality of higher input costs by adjusting pricing. Gross margin also benefited from the tailwinds of commodity prices, although at a much lower level than we've seen in prior quarters.  Car costs remain relatively high. And with the moderation of precious metal prices in the quarter as seen on Slide 27, the benefit dipped relative to the first half of the year. We estimate that scrap steel and precious metal prices added roughly $12 million in segment EBITDA and $0.03 in adjusted EPS relative to last year. As a reminder, this benefit is well below the $57 million in segment EBITDA and $0.14 in adjusted EPS from metal prices experienced in the second quarter of 2021.  Overhead expenses as a percentage of revenue increased 50 basis points year-over-year, largely driven by personnel costs. The tight labor market has pushed wages higher in many of our markets. Additionally, strong performance across all 3 segments is contributing to increased levels of incentive compensation in 2021, which represents 30 basis points of higher expense. Other overhead expenses are slightly favorable, as we're offsetting inflation in freight and fuel through operating efficiencies and leverage from higher scrap and core revenue.  I'll now turn to the segment operating results. Starting on Slide 10, North America produced an EBITDA margin of 17.3% for the quarter, down 30 basis points from a year ago. Gross margin was favorable by 60 basis points, primarily coming out of the ongoing margin initiatives in the wholesale business and improved pricing. Self-service increased gross margin dollars compared to 2020 but generated a lower margin percentage due to an increase in car cost and moderating metal prices. Segment overhead expenses increased by 100 basis points, with the largest change owing to personnel expenses. Roughly half of the increase is attributable to wages and temporary labor, with the remainder in higher incentive compensation. At the segment EBITDA line, the metals prices benefit noted previously generated 20 basis points of improvement relative to last year.  I previously mentioned Europe's strong margin for the quarter, and Slide 11 shows the details. Adjusted gross margin increased by 240 basis points to the highest level in recent years, primarily owing to better net pricing while overhead expenses grew by 30 basis points, driven by higher wages and incentive compensation.  Moving to Slide 12. Specialty grew EBITDA dollars though experienced 100 basis points of dilution in margin. The primary factors contributing to the decrease are: one, higher incentive compensation; inflationary pressures in the segment's 1 operations, which are behind the 30 basis point decrease in gross margin; and finally, duplicative costs associated with acquisitions done in the current fiscal year, which we expect to be transitory as the team integrates the acquired businesses over the remainder of the year and into early 2022.  Similar to the first half of 2021, we are also delivering benefits from our focus on the capital structure. The early redemption of the 2026 euro notes in April of this year created interest expense savings. Additionally, deploying free cash flow to debt paydowns and share repurchases generated interest expense savings and an EPS benefit from a reduced share count. We estimate that these factors added roughly $0.06 per share to our third quarter results. and based on the characteristics of these initiatives, are expected to continue to deliver over multiple periods. Additionally, income from our equity method and other investments generated a further $0.02 of year-over-year growth. Given the improved expectation for full year profitability, we decreased our projected effective tax rate in our outlook from 26.25% to 25.75%, which contributed to a $0.04 per share year-over-year benefit in the third quarter.  So to recap, our adjusted EPS of $1.02 is a $0.27 increase over the third quarter of 2020; the commodity benefits, as previously stated, were $0.03; investments generated a further $0.02; the tax rate, our capital deployment and a slight tailwind from foreign exchange produced about $0.10 of the improvement; the remaining $0.12 comes from our operating performance, by far the single largest contributor to the results.  Shifting to liquidity and capital allocation. We continued the trend of robust cash flow generation in the third quarter with $429 million of operating cash flow and $384 million of free cash flow. Our conversion of EBITDA to free cash flow was a very strong 84%, roughly in line with our year-to-date ratio, as seen on Slide 14. Our operating cash flows were driven by cash earnings and favorable movement in trade working capital balances. Payables represented an inflow for the quarter as we benefit from extended payment terms, including our European vendor financing initiative.  Inventory was an outflow of $60 million for the quarter. But similar to the second quarter, we were unable to increase our purchasing to the designed level owing to the supply chain issues that are affecting many sectors of the economy. We are actively working to rebuild inventory levels, and we believe that our excellent relationships with suppliers and liquidity on hand puts us in a good position to acquire the needed inventory when supply chain congestion finally eases.  We deployed the free cash flow to repurchase 4.3 million shares in the quarter for $219 million, acquired 2 tuck-in businesses for $37 million and repaid $23 million in outstanding borrowings. Our net leverage ratio dropped to 1.1x EBITDA, and interest coverage now exceeds 24x compared to the credit facility requirements of 4.25x and 3x, respectively. Or said differently, at this point in time, we do not need to devote further capital towards paying debt, and as you saw in the third quarter results also.  With $1.6 billion in availability on our credit facility and approximately $400 million in cash, we have over $2 billion in liquidity to fund our strategic objectives. The liquidity amount is roughly $800 million below our December 31, 2020 figure, reflecting the use of liquidity to redeem the 2026 EUR 0.75 billion euro notes, prepay our outstanding term loan balance of $319 million as well as the termination of the $110 million receivable securitization program earlier this year in July. We felt comfortable reducing the overall capacity owing to our ability to sustainably generate robust free cash flow.  As you can imagine, we have carefully considered our liquidity position and future cash flow generation prospects in reaching the decision to initiate the quarterly cash dividend. We are confident in the company's ability to convert earnings to free cash flow in a ratio of 55% to 60% on a long-term basis, which provides us with sufficient cash to fund a dividend while continuing to repurchase shares, reinvest in the business and make accretive acquisitions.  Initiating a dividend is an important milestone in the company's history and reflects the Board and the management team's confidence in our near- and long-term prospects. The decision to pay a dividend is consistent with, and does not change, our approach to capital allocation, which prioritizes growth investments and return excess cash to shareholders to enhance their returns. Our share repurchase program will run in tandem with the dividend program as part of our balanced approach to capital allocation.  I will wrap up my prepared comments with our updated thoughts on the full year 2021. Consistent with the level of detail we have provided in recent quarters, we are comfortable making the following statements, all of which that assume that there are no significant negative developments related to the COVID-19 in our major markets or foreign exchange rates and scrap and precious metal prices hold near recent levels in the remainder of the year.  The first statement being, with yet another excellent quarter in Q3, we are projecting full year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.78 to $3.88 with a midpoint of $3.83. This is an increase of $0.18 or 5% at the midpoint over our prior quarter guidance and an increase of $1.08 or 39% relative to our original 2021 full year guidance. The increases reflect the benefits of our ongoing margin and operating expense programs and our strategic cash deployment, which have allowed us to mitigate strong inflationary headwinds related to labor, freight, fuel and inventory costs prevalent throughout the industry.  While we expect our operational performance in Q4 to play out roughly in line with prior guidance, we are projecting a negative impact of roughly $0.02 a share, resulting from metal prices as these move lower going into the fourth quarter. As you think about the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2020, we are forecasting a $0.07 per share negative year-over-year effect related to sequential movements in metal prices. Additionally, having 1 fewer selling day in the North America and Specialty segments in the fourth quarter of 2021 creates a further $0.02 headwind. A lower share count and tax rate in 2021 should mitigate some of the year-over-year headwinds.  The second statement I would like to share with everyone is we are narrowing the range for full year European segment EBITDA margin to 9.8% up to 10.3%, effectively raising the floor by a further 30 basis points, similar to what we did roughly 90 days ago following the second quarter earnings.  And finally, we continue to generate outstanding free cash flow through strong profitability and judicious use of trade working capital. With this in mind, along with higher projected net income for the year, we are raising our free cash flow guidance to a range of $1.15 billion to $1.3 billion, with $1.225 billion at the midpoint.  Despite the supply chain challenges, we still anticipate an inventory increase in the fourth quarter, ahead of the traditionally strong Q1 and Q2 seasonal demand, although not to the level assumed in prior guidance, as a portion of the build would likely be deferred into 2022.  With that, thank you for your time this morning. And I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. Let me restate our key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, as always, we will continue to invest in our future.  As Henry Ford once said, obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off of your goal. 2021 continues to be a year where our global teams have never lost sight of our shared goal of driving long-term value for our stockholders. And for that, I offer a heartfelt thank you to each of our 45,000-plus team members that make it happen each and every day.  And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: When you think about the Elitek or Elitek business and I guess the incremental margin that you own the hardware. I guess scans would have a fairly high incremental margin. How do you see that business sort of shaping out from a longer-term contribution? I guess what sort of size and maybe what the margin profile might be if you think out a year or 2 or 3?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. Great question, Bret. When we first started thinking about services as a nice adjacency to our parts distribution business, and that came back in 2017, part of the reason it was so attractive is because services businesses have significantly higher margins. And I will tell you that our Elitek margins are well ahead of our parts distribution margins, and it requires relatively little capital. So the return on invested capital is very attractive, very attractive.  Again, this is still a relatively small business for us, kind of in and around that $50 million range. But our goal is to grow it very, very rapidly, not by orders of 5% or 10% a year, but our goal would be to multiply the size of the business over the next several years.  It will probably never be a $1 billion or $2 billion business for us, but it's a great adjacency at really attractive margins and, probably most importantly, a really good return on invested capital.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And a quick question. One of your peers in Europe was commenting about share shifts and maybe share gains, particularly around the U.K. market. Do you see anything changing over there from a competitive landscape? Are smaller players giving up share at a higher rate? Or maybe give us some color there.
Dominick Zarcone: Sure. Overall, Bret, I will tell you, we are incredibly pleased, incredibly pleased with how our U.K. business performed in the quarter. There's no great data with respect to share on a quarterly basis, but we are absolutely sensing, and this goes across pretty much all of our businesses, not just the U.K., that small distributors are getting squeezed right now. And the larger, more well-capitalized market participants are doing much better.  Our revenue was not overly robust in the third quarter in the U.K., but our margins hit an all-time high since we acquired ECP back in 2011. And we continue to be the market share leader in the U.K. by a wide margin. We think we're going to continue to keep that position into perpetuity. And we are very happy with our third quarter performance and long-term outlook for the business over there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore with Truist.
Stephanie Moore: Congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to touch a little bit, I know in your prepared remarks, and Varun specifically stated that a lot of the margin improvement in Europe was pricing-driven. But also I know that there's a lot of moving pieces at the current moment as you kind of work through your 1 LKQ. So maybe if you could just give us an update on where we stand today, if anything was accelerated versus prior plans and how we should think about progression as we go into the fourth quarter in terms of some of these initiatives. And if COVID has kind of gotten in the way of any of those.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, great question. We would probably characterize, since the World Series is going on, use a baseball analogy, we're probably in the fourth inning in the 1 LKQ Europe Program. We stated back in 2019 and then again at our Investor Day in 2020 that our midterm goal was to get annual margins, not quarterly margins, but annual margins, in and around that 11% range. We think we can do better than that on a longer-term basis. We've gone from effectively 8% when we announced the whole program margins in Europe to what we think is going to be, as Varun indicated, pretty close to 10% this year. And so yes, we would think we're in about the fourth inning.  COVID clearly has thrown everybody some curveballs, it has thrown out some curveballs. Some things just got delayed a little bit. Other things got accelerated. Originally, the Innovation and Service Center in Katowice, Poland was later in our plan, and we actually pulled that forward. Really think about that as a shared service center, where we're moving some administrative activities to a much lower cost marketplace. And so that's gotten pulled forward.  The ERP implementation got pushed back effectively by a quarter or two. But we still have a lot of runway to go on our program. There's a lot of initiatives that are still in the forefront that we need to execute on. But overall, we are extremely pleased with our progress thus far and confident in our ability to get to the longer-term goals.
Stephanie Moore: Great. And then talking about the supply chain disruption, and I agree there's always a new headline every day. I think you made the point, particularly with the free cash flow, is unable to purchase some of the inventory to meet desired demand levels that you would like in the quarter, but you're working with your partners now. I mean is this a function of it just taking longer and it's just being more the ability to kind of have that flexibility, that it's just not arriving as quickly? Or are you having to use other modes of transportation? I would love just to get more color as you manage just the current situation.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. The big issue with the supply chain, and this is not unique to LKQ, it's not unique to our industry, right? The fact of the matter is out in California, there's 80 ships anchored, waiting for a berth in the ports. If you did that on a national basis, I think you're somewhere around 100 ships. Many of those ships have our product -- our containers sitting on it, right?  And it's not just an issue with the ports. The reality is there's a lot of data out there that's showing that there's just not enough truckers turning up to get the containers out of the ports. There's a severe shortage of drivers. Most folks estimate this country is down about 80,000 truck drivers. The warehouses where the containers ultimately need to go are clogged. And importantly, containers get put on a chassis, which is then connected to the tractor of the semi-tractor combination, there's a severe shortage of chassis available.  So the supply chain is a bit of a mess completely. And so yes, it's taking much longer for us to get our product, say from Taiwan into the United States. It's costing us some more money. It's important to recognize that the inventory is ours when it hits the port in Taiwan. So that's our inventory, not the supplier's inventory, sitting out on the water. And so we're being very thoughtful as to putting in advance orders, making sure we can do whatever we can to get the inventory that we need.  The bad news is we're not -- we don't have the inventory levels that we prefer. The good news is we think we're doing significantly better than our small competitors. I mean think about it, we bring in 16,000 containers a year, that's about 300 a week, from the Far East for our North American aftermarket parts business. Our small competitors, they'd be lucky if they bring in 300 a year or even 50 a year. So we feel we're -- from a fulfillment rate basis, we're doing much better than the small competitors. And we know that because there have been a few smaller folks basically waving the white flag and asking if we'd be interested in buying their business.  So again, it's going to be a challenge going forward. We think we're doing a pretty effective job of managing our way through that challenge.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Just a follow-up, Nick, on your last point with respect to looking at small businesses to acquire. Would there be any case to make that you could buy them for something close to the value of their inventory just to help with your own fulfillment rates?
Dominick Zarcone: Well, in many of the cases, the only thing of value to us would be their inventory. We don't need additional warehouses in the United States. We don't need more fleet. Clearly, we all share the same customers, so inventory would be particularly attractive.
Craig Kennison: Okay. And then I guess I wanted to ask a question about the innovation center in Poland, which we watched the video on that earlier this quarter. But could you just give us a feel for the kind of tools or applications that you would expect to develop? And how those tools kind of improve your moat in Europe?
Varun Laroyia: Craig, it's Varun out here. Let me take this one. So essentially, the innovation center is effectively what we had talked about as part of the 1 LKQ Europe Program of setting up a lower-cost shared service center, no different to global business services at other companies.  Within the industry but also among broader companies, having a lower-cost back office to do commoditized transaction processing, but also, in the case of Poland, we believe there is some good digital and technology talent. And that really is the background to what we're trying to do from a Katowice perspective.  As you know, we obviously have Bangalore. And now putting up another center certainly gives us the geographic breadth, language capabilities, not just to do some of the more, I'd say, regularly expected back-office activities, but also to invest in things such as digital. We clearly know that while B2B and the different market, the do-it-for-me market, is clearly the biggest piece serving Europe, but there is some adjacency associated with B2C. And being able to do some of that back-office work and the technology work out of Katowice in Poland, which does have talent, we believe there is some goodness associated with it. That really is the backdrop to the Katowice, Poland innovation center.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Butler with Stifel.
Brian Butler: Just can you circle back on the metals, and both scrap and precious. When you think about what's kind of -- maybe what's embedded in the full year guidance and how that compares to, I guess, historical levels that typically have been a little bit lower?
Varun Laroyia: Brian, it's Varun. Actually, let me take that one. So yes, within -- in the third quarter, as I called out, the total metals benefit, both scrap and catalytic inverter, so precious metals, was about $12 million or roughly about $0.03 within the $1.02 of adjusted EPS. Relative to what we experienced in the first half of the year, if you recall, in Q1, it was a $34 million upside; in Q2 was roughly $57 million, so significant upside.  But really, what we saw come through was starting in September, we saw scrap metal prices, but also more to the point, precious metal prices began to drop pretty significantly. And so that piece, despite the fact that those metal prices were dropping, car costs remained relatively high. And so the overall metals benefit was muted.  And really what we've seen exiting September, as we've shown on Slide #27 also for the benefit of everybody, you see that bigger slide begin to take place in September. And so from a Q4 forecast perspective, we are actually, as of now, anticipating that to be a negative impact from metals pricing rather than an ongoing benefit.  So if you think about the first half versus the second half, in the first half, we said we pretty much got close to, I'd say, $90 million of EBITDA from metals, be it precious or scrap. In the third quarter, it was about $12 million, which kind of gives you a year-to-date of about $103 million. And in the fourth quarter, we see an unwind of anything up to $30 million taking place. So that's how you should think about it. Clearly, it's a volatile market as of now. Things are changing on a daily, weekly basis, but that's how we think about the metals pricing, which underpins our forecast that we've provided.
Brian Butler: All right. That's very helpful. And then shifting gears, can we talk about collision repair? And with the supply chain disruption that you're seeing, has there been a greater demand for recycled parts? And just kind of what trends you're seeing there maybe on price in that -- the attractiveness of those items?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. Brian, this is Nick. You've hit the nail on the head. Obviously, the aftermarket part availability is constrained a bit because of all the supply chain challenges we've already talked about. Salvage parts come from the local markets, right? We buy total loss vehicles locally, we dismantle them locally and then we can distribute on a local basis. And there absolutely has been a bit of a shift. And I would say this primarily benefits us relative to anybody else because we are the only company that can offer both salvaged and recycled product and the aftermarket collision parts. And so we have absolutely are seeing our -- the growth in our salvage business in the quarter and actually for the last few quarters has been well above the growth and the revenue trends in the aftermarket product.  And part of that is due to the strong mechanical business, engines and transmissions, that we talked about in our formal comments. And part of it is this ability to, in certain times, shift the customer from an aftermarket product that we may not have an inventory to a salvage product that we can get to them same day or next day. So the salvage business has been very good. And again, we're the only company in this country that offers both product lines.
Brian Butler: Perfect. And then if I could maybe just ask one last one. When you look at the replacement parts cost for EV vehicles versus internal combustion, what trends are you still seeing there? I mean is it still EV parts continue to be more expensive? Or as we're seeing more EVs out there, are those prices coming down for the replacement parts?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. No, broadly, we are, we're maybe in the top of the first in the whole EV marketplace and the transition and the like. So there are no big trends. There are no shifts.  What we will tell you is that when you look at hybrid electric vehicles and battery electric vehicles, technical service parts command anywhere from a 2x to 6x premium relative to their comparable internal combustion engine counterparts. And there's a number of reasons for that. One is the technical complexity, not just with batteries, but also with the electrification of components previously belt-driven such as air conditioning, compressors and water pumps.  For an example, this is just one example. A 2013 Prius with an electric water pump, that water pump sells for 3x the value of a 2013 Corolla that has a belt-driven water pump. In the U.K., for example, a 2017 Golf with an internal combustion engine, that water pump sells for about £77. The Lexus hybrid EV, the water pump is £278.  And so yes, the EV parts are much more expensive. We think that's going to continue to be the case for a long, long time. And that's why we are doing what we can, and we're at the initial stages of gearing up our ability to distribute those EV-related parts. The reality is the aftermarket for EV vehicle parts is nascent, but there's nobody in a better position to distribute those parts than LKQ.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Congratulations on the good quarter. I've got a couple of quick questions. One on the follow-up on pricing. I don't think you just mentioned it there. But obviously, pricing at the OEMs took it up during the quarter. Can you quantify maybe how much same fuel inflation you saw in North America here? And then longer term related to price, now that the OEMs took a price and I saw that you guys followed very rationally, is there maybe a backdrop for the OEMs become more rational taking up price going forward, knowing that you're going to follow and maybe the whole market can be more rational passing through some of these costs in North America?
Varun Laroyia: Daniel, let me answer that one. With regards to inflationary pressures, let's be clear about it, no one is immune to them at this point of time, okay? It's not just us, it's not just the OEMs, it's across every pretty much sector across the economy. So that's kind of point number one. It's just a fact of life at this point of time.  The second one is, yes, folks that are acting on a rational basis, they're trying to protect margins. You've obviously seen 2 of the 3 big OEMs report in the last 48 hours, and as to what they've been talking about with regards to chip shortages and as to what's happening to new car sales and stuff. But yes, there's less discounting taking place within their markets also. And obviously, I think you follow some of the auto retailers also in terms of what's happening out there.  So at this point of time, given the scarcity of being able to get product in, given the supply chain challenges, we expect folks are acting on a rational basis because no one really knows, as of now, how long the supply chain congestion is expected to last. So if someone does want to not act on a rational basis for a week, 2 weeks, a month, a quarter, at some point of time, it will come back and bite him.  It's no different to what we at LKQ did when the pandemic initially struck in Q1 of 2020, moved incredibly fast to kind of take care of what we could control, which was our cost structure. And that obviously has now morphed into inflation and also supply chain congestion. So we expect folks will be acting on a rational basis because no one really knows how long this is going to continue to last.  And so what the OEMs may or may not do, listen, I can't speculate sitting out here, that is their call. We do know that what we at LKQ do and what we plan to do, given the market conditions, the key in all of this is to be nimble, is to be agile and to be dynamic and be able to react as an organization at relatively short notice. And just really happy with the way our teams continue to do that.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. That makes sense. And then a follow-up on personnel expenses, Varun. I think in your prepared comments, you noted that North America and Europe saw some pressure from temporary labor. Obviously, you take what you just said, over the last 18 months, you guys took out a bunch of costs, a bunch of duplicative positions. Can you maybe talk about how transitory you view these labor headwinds, how you're navigating the backdrop and whether you're having to add back any of those costs? Or is this just something to do with the demand you're seeing today?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. No, absolutely. And great question out there, Daniel. Yes, listen, 18 months ago, when the pandemic initially struck, it was a case of ensuring that our balance sheet and our cost structure was aligned to what the new demand forecast realities were, okay? And so as a distribution business, we were able to move quick. And as that dragged on, I think before the end of the second quarter of 2020, we actually moved those temporary reductions into permanent reductions. And I think folks appreciated what we did.  At this point of time, it is all demand-related, whether it be in Europe, whether it be in North America or for that matter, in our Specialty segment. And that piece is being exacerbated by the fact that there's just a real shortage of talent.  Nick talked about, say, for example, on the delivery side. It's the same thing across the business. Because as of now, folks have kind of moved on to online in a pretty big way, and so warehouse demand, warehouse folk demand has been strong. And so from that perspective and the talent and the labor shortages, we're having to pay up. And we will do so because that is the kind of core of our business.  So with regards to it being transitory or not, this is where the reality is. Unlike commodity prices, fuel or metals or whatever it is, there could be certain spikes and drops within their cycle, wages are notoriously sticky. Once you've been paying at a certain rate, you can't go back 3 months or 6 months later and say, "Oh, actually, you know what, now there's a different situation and now this is what we will be doing." That is just not the way to drive trust in what we call our single most valuable asset. So that is not what we do.  Yes, what we do, do is here at LKQ, we have a very strong value proposition for being part of the LKQ family, whether it be our retirement plan offerings, whether it be our health care benefits, the tuition reimbursements, the scholarships and many of those kind of pieces. And yes, we are also doing certain one-off items, all in all, to try and ensure that the entire overall base doesn't move into the future literally dollar for dollar. So there are certain elements which we believe are going to drive talent retention, rather than someone wanting to move just for the next extra dollar or 2 as such. But that's really how we're thinking about it.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Nick Zarcone for closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Well, thank you, everyone. We certainly appreciate your time and attention here this morning. We look forward to chatting with you on the 17th of February when we announce our fourth quarter results.  And importantly, I'd like to just highlight and have you circle your calendars. We are going to be having an Analyst and Investor Day in late February or early March, probably the last week in February or the first week of March in 2022. And so we look forward to having an opportunity to more broadly share our thoughts as to the future of our company at that point in time.  So again, we appreciate your time and attention, and we hope you have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Sir, please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today, and as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the quarter, and then Varun will dive into the financial details, as well as our improved outlook for 2021 before I come back with a few closing remarks. This was another quarter of significant operating progress, driven by excellent execution and improved business conditions. I could not be prouder of the LKQ team. A few years ago when we pivoted to operational excellence, we knew that there would be a transition period during which we would need to invest in our people and processes to improve the operating model. We also recognize that there would be difficult decisions needed to right size the cost structure and drive efficiencies. We undertook this shift with the expectation that we would come out the other side as a leaner, more nimble and stronger organization, one that could succeed in difficult conditions like we have seen with the pandemic over the past year, as well as thrive during the good times. Those expectations are being realized. While I'm not ready to proclaim mission accomplished, I believe we have made tremendous progress in our operational expense transition as evidenced by the continued outstanding results that we've delivered over the past year. Record outcomes don't happen by accident and the team has driven strong profitability and cash flow by among other actions applying a disciplined pricing approach, implementing permanent cost saving actions, including closing underperforming locations, consolidating delivery routes and reducing headcount. Timing our operating policies to reduce waste and increase yield, such as harvesting more catalytic converters per car, actively engaging with our vendor partners to ensure that we are receiving attractive pricing and market payment terms, and monitoring our receivables so that we minimize passed due balances. Now onto the quarter, we were able to produce yet another record quarter. Indeed each of the last four quarters results represent the highest earnings per share reported in the respective quarters with Q2 of 2021 reflecting the first quarter with over $1 of earnings per share and the highest segment EBITDA margins in over a decade. Varun will dig into the market details shortly. Revenue for the second quarter 2021 was $3.4 billion, an increase of 31% as compared to the $2.6 billion in the second quarter of 2020. In the second quarter, parts and services organic revenue increased 22%, while the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by 3/10 of 1% and foreign exchange rates increased revenue 5.4%. This creates a total parts and services revenue increase of 27%. The organic revenue growth for the quarter reflects the annualization of the pandemic impact during Q2 2020. Net income for the second quarter of 2021 was $305 million as compared to $119 million for the same period in 2020 an increase of 157%. Diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $1.01 as compared to $0.39 for the same period last year, an increase of 159%. On an adjusted basis net income in the second quarter was $340 million compared to $161 million in the same period of 2020, a 111% increase. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter was $1.13 as compared to $0.53 for the same period of 2020 a 113% increase. Now let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. Slide 5 of our presentation sets forth the monthly revenue trends for the quarter, and as you can see coming off a low base of the second quarter of 2020, the growth rates improved significantly year-over-year for each of the segments with April and may being the most notable. The vaccination rates in our key geographic markets is encouraging. Europe in particular, witnessed a solid increase in vaccinations throughout the second quarter, although it still lags the United States. We like many, are closely monitoring the Delta variant and the risk of policy actions potentially slowing economic growth if the variant were to rapidly spread. Turning to North America, according to the U.S. Department of Energy, fuel consumption for the second quarter was 28% above the prior year and 5% below the second quarter of 2019. From Slide 6, you will note that organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment increased 19.7% in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. When looking at our performance relative to collision and liability repairable claims data in the quarter, given the aberrations associated with the significant swings in 2020, we believe the most relevant comparison is to the second quarter of 2019. During Q2 organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment declined about 9% on a per day basis relative to 2019, while repairable claims decline 15%, so another period of outperformance for our North American operations. I want to highlight a couple of examples of how the North American team continues to push the operational excellence initiatives. In 2019 our North American team initiated a lean operating strategy based on the principle of doing more with less. During the first step of this strategy the team asked the simple question, what does winning look like? The answers to that question allowed the team to unify and develop several key performance indicators that were deployed in early 2020 prior to the pandemic, and we immediately generated positive results. We are now in the second phase of this strategy which is systematically implementing a lean roadmap to optimize those KPIs. We are transitioning the team to a daily management system which addresses safety, quality, delivery, and our customers. This system is improving our communication and accountability while driving root cause and corrective actions along with sustainable sharing of best practices. In Q2 our salvage procurement team began utilizing artificial intelligence to optimize the procurement of the salvage vehicles we bid on at auction. This artificial intelligence uses computer vision, a technology that allows algorithms to reason based on images to assess the specific damage on each vehicle and to determine which parts can be recycled and reused. This technology enhances the human element of our procurement processes to further improve our part yield per vehicle and to advance the quality standards of each part. Additionally, during the quarter, our Letech [ph] business expanded its services beyond on-site mobile diagnostics and repair to also include remote automotive diagnostics and remote programming. Moving on to our European segment, organic revenue for parts and services in the second quarter increased 20.7% on a reported basis a 19.2% on a same day basis. When compared to 2019, our European revenue was down about 2% on a per day basis. Our regional operations continued to experience [indiscernible] and revenue performance in the quarter, but each market was positive on a year-over-year basis. Our UK business had the strongest recovery, largely due to our favorable inventory availability relative to the competition and we are confident we are gaining share in the UK market. I'm also pleased to say that we are witnessing some modest market recovery in Italy, a market that was dramatically impacted by the pandemic, but it continues to remain a drag on the revenue growth and margins for the overall segment. As you can see from the significant expansion in the European margins, we are making excellent progress on our 1 LKQ Europe program. Since September 2019, when we first announced the program, the European EBITDA margins have increased about 300 basis points from 7.7% in the second quarter of 2019 to 10.7%in the second quarter of 2021. In reality, there have been two distinct components to this effort. One is organizational and relates to creating a fully centralized pan European leadership team and functional structure. The other is execution related, which focuses on the key initiatives outlined in prior communications, such as procurement, logistics and local projects. Over the past two years we have been working both components simultaneously. And I am happy to announce that we have completed the organizational transformation. We now have all the right people in the right seats in a streamlined structure that reflects a single business as opposed to a collection of independent businesses. The execution element will be with us forever and will be the driving factor behind the continued productivity improvements in the years to come. A few other items to note in Europe would include that during the first week of July we began on-boarding the few group of about 25 employees for our Innovation and Service Centre in Katowice, Poland. The Fource CDC project in the Netherlands remains on track and the start of that major warehouse operation is planned for March 2022. And our ERP implementation at Rhiag in Italy went live on July 5. Some of you may have known that on July 14, the European commission came forward with the Fit for 55 proposal, which accelerates and details plans for a greener economy and reducing net emissions in Europe by at least 55% by 2030 compared to 1990. As a leader in the circular [ph] economy and the largest vehicle and parts recycler worldwide, LKQ embraces the global effort to reduce CO2 emissions. Our European segment and also Mekonomen, where we have a 26% stake, are first movers in supporting our customers for service and repair of hybrid and electrical vehicles. According to ACEA the manufacturing -- Automobile Manufacturing Association of Europe, banning a specific technology is not the sole and rational way forward and internal combustion engines including hybrids need to play a role in the transition to zero emissions. Now let’s move on to our specialty segment, which again knocked the cover off the ball during the second quarter by reporting organic revenue growth of 30.1%. Specialty had a record-breaking quarter in terms of revenue, EBITDA dollars and EBITDA percentages. As witnessed in Q1, the drivers of this tremendous performance continued to be the strong ongoing demand for parts related to RVs and light trucks, combined with a very disciplined approach to controlling cost. We also believe that the stimulus checks benefited the specialty business in the quarter. Across all of our segments we are experiencing some level of supply chain shortages and disruptions. These disruptions are creating product scarcity and freight delays that are resulting in meaningful availability pressures in certain product lines. The supply chain challenges are also driving product inflation which in turn is generating the most robust pricing environment we've seen in years. Across all of our segments, we have been very effective in passing along these costs as witnessed by out margin performance. Alongside supply chain inflationary pressures, like many businesses across the globe, we are facing wage inflation and increased competition for labor. We are constantly looking at our wage structure and turnover rates across all of our segments to assure we stay ahead of any competitive pressures and help backfill the open positions with the best candidates we can attract. From my corporate development perspective, in the second quarter, we acquired the business and assets of Green Bean Battery, a hybrid battery reconditioner and installer. Also in Q2, Warn acquired Fabtech Industries, a leading manufacturer of aftermarket suspensions for light trucks and SUVs. Fabtech brands, which include Dirt Logic, and Stealth shocks are widely recognized premium offerings in the off road racing and performance segments and are a tremendous compliment to our line of Warn products. Both of these small tuck-in acquisitions represent our ongoing effort to evolve our product offerings to match the changes taking place in the car part and to leverage our robust networks across all segments to sell deeper into existing and prospective customers. Lastly, I am proud to announce that during the second quarter, MSCI increased LKQ's ESG rating from A to AA, which is the second increase in the past two years. This new AA rating places us in the top 19% of our index group. Also, earlier this month, ISS, significantly increased our social and governance QuickScore ratings. Please refer to Slide 18, which highlights our environmental stewardship in the quarter. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run you through the details of the strong second quarter performance.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick and good morning to everyone joining us today. Before I cover the financial results, I want to highlight a number of significant events and accomplishments related to our capital allocation over the recent past. With the pivot to operational excellence in 2018, our approach to balance sheet and capital allocation moved towards targeting investment grade credit metrics. This strategy placed an emphasis on generating strong, sustainable free cash flow, maintaining a conservative leverage position and deploying capital to the highest return opportunities. I'm very pleased to report that we've made remarkable progress on all measures and getting the validation of an investment grade rating from Fitch this past May is a tremendous achievement for the organization. Looking back at the last 36 months, starting just after we completed the Stahlgruber acquisition, we have produced $3.8 billion in operating cash flow, which supports a nearly 80% conversion rate of free cash flow relative to EBITDA As shown on Slide 14 of the presentation we've used these funds to repay $2.1 billion of debt, which resulted in delevering the balance sheet from a 3.1 times net leverage as of June 2018 to 1.2 times as of June of 2021. Additionally, we have repurchased over $800 million of LKQ stock at an average price of approximately $33 per share or roughly 35% below the current share price. We have not sacrificed investment in the business during this period, with roughly $660 million of capital expenditures invested to support our growth and operate more efficiently. Transitioning from the consolidation phase of the company's evolution, acquisitions have been a relatively small part of the capital allocation, though we remain committed to targeted tuck-in acquisitions that deliver high synergies or critical capabilities. Our actions over the last three years have put the company in a very strong liquidity position, which has allowed us to complete the following during the second quarter. First, we've delivered a further $411 million in operating cash flows as we converted 79% of our EBITDA into cash. We redeemed the three quarters of $1 billion euros, 2026 euro notes on April 1, the earliest available redemption date with funds from our lower cost revolver, as well as cash on hand. We repaid the full amount of the remaining term loan of approximately $320 million ahead of schedule, again using funds from the revolver and cash on hand, and we repurchased $304 million of LKQ stock, our highest level of quarterly purchases to date. With our debt transactions, we reduced overall liquidity by utilizing available capacity on the revolver. We believe future cash flow needs can be supported by a smaller facility, so we eliminated the term loan and moved more funds to the revolver, which in turn will lower borrowing costs even further. We continue to believe that LKQ shares represent good value and our repurchases reflect that belief. As shown on Slide 17, we have continued to repurchase shares under our 10b5-1 plan in July, with an additional $100 million invested through last Friday. Since we were nearing a $1 billion authorization, we went to our Board of Directors for an increase in the total authorization to $2 billion. The Board approved the expansion, and we now have the ability to repurchase a further $1 billion through October 2024. Now I'll move to the financial results. As Nick described, Q2 was a very successful quarter with positive contributions coming from revenue growth, gross margin expansion, and operating expense leverage. Gross margin was a highlight for the quarter, increasing 270 basis points relative to the prior year or 250 basis points on an adjusted basis. The margin improvement is more noteworthy, as it came in a period in which input costs rose across each of our segments. We remain disciplined in our pricing, and as a distributor, we have been able to pass through the higher input costs coming from the supply chain. Gross margin also benefited from the tailwinds of commodity prices. As you can see on Slide 28, scrap steel and precious metal prices, which have been mostly favorable over last year, provided additional benefits this quarter. We estimate that scrap steel and precious metal prices added roughly $57 million in segment EBITDA, and approximately $0.14 per share in adjusted diluted EPS relative to last year. While we started to analyze some of our permanent cost reductions that we enacted in 2020, there was still an incremental benefit in the second quarter. Our SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue showed the favorable leverage effects of the cost actions and the other revenue growth, dropping to 26.2% in the quarter or 190 basis points better than Q2 of 2020. Even with the tailwinds related to commodity prices, the largest share of the year-over-year increase in adjusted diluted EPS related to operating performance. I'll now turn to that operating performance with our segment highlights. Starting on Slide 10, North America produced its highest segment EBITDA margin in the company's history at 20.8%. Q2 is the fourth consecutive quarter that we've been able to make this statement. The primary factors behind the improvement are similar to the last few quarters as the segment continued to benefit from ongoing gross margin initiatives and permanent cost reductions. We are still driving costs out of the business, and we currently estimate the permanent cost savings to be $105 million, a $25 million increase relative to the figure shared in last September's Investor Day presentation. Additionally, the commodity pricing benefits on gross margin and operating leverage, I mentioned earlier, are seen here, helping to drive the North American margins above our long-term expectation. As seen on Slide 11, Europe reported a 10.7% segment EBITDA margin, which represented a 330 basis point improvement over last year. With a year-to-date margin of 10.2%, we are on track to deliver on our margin goals. Europe is benefiting from the revenue recovery, improved net pricing, and cost containment actions taken in the last year. Moving to Slide 12, Specialty continues to execute its operating plan extremely well. Similar to Q1, Specialty generated significant revenue growth in the quarter, without sacrificing margin and continued to effectively manage operating expenses. The segment EBITDA margin of 14.9% is the highest quarterly figure since the business was acquired in 2014. We are also delivering meaningful savings from our focus on the capital structure. The early redemption of the 2026 euro notes created interest expense savings additionally deploying free cash flow to debt pay downs and share repurchase generated interest experience savings and an EPS benefit from our reduced share count. We estimate that these factors added approximately $0.03 per share to our second quarter results. Additionally, Mekonomen's solid performance and other investment income improvement generated another $0.02 of year-over-year growth. Given the improved expectation of full-year profitability, we decreased our projected effective tax rate in our outlook from 26.5% to 26.25% which had a nominal benefit on the quarter. So to recap, our adjusted EPS of $1.13 is a $0.60 increase from Q2 of 2020 which was a low comparable given the pronounced COVID impact last year. The commodity benefits, along with the increases attributable to investments, the tax rate, our capital deployment, and a slight tailwind from foreign exchange, produced about $0.20 of the improvement. The remaining $0.40 comes from our operating performance focusing on profitable revenue growth, enhancing gross margins and controlling our overhead costs. And this should be the key takeaway when considering the second quarter results. I will wrap up my prepared comments with our updated talks on 2021. Consistent with the level of detail we have provided in recent quarters, we are comfortable making the following statements, all of which assume that additional mobility restrictions beyond what are currently in place are not implemented in our major markets. Foreign exchange rates hold near recent level and scrap and precious metal prices trend lower in the second half of the year. Number one, we believe that our parts and services revenue will be higher than 2020 on a full-year basis and we will continue to recover in our core North America and European segments in the second half of the year as mobility trends benefit from further progress on vaccination rates. We expect the second half growth rates to decline relative to what we reported in the most recent quarter as the pandemic effects were not as severe in the second half of 2020 for our business. While we expect demand for our specialty products, we remain strong. We anticipated the growth rates to be lower than the first half of the year due to the second half seasonality and the expected end of the stimulus program. As discussed previously, we will have two fewer selling days in North America in 2021 with one having occurred in Q1 and the second to occur in the fourth quarter while Europe is flat for the year overall with one day shifting from Q1 into Q2. Second, with another excellent quarter in Q2, we are projecting full-year adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.55 to $3.75 with the midpoint of $3.65. This is an increase of $0.55 or 18% at the midpoint over our most recent prior guidance. This increase reflects the outperformance in Q2 in addition to higher anticipated results in the second half of the year as we expect the benefits from our ongoing margin and operating expense programs, and our strategic cash deployment to outweighed strong inflationary headwinds related to labor, freight, fuel and inventory costs being experienced throughout the industry. And third, I began my comments by noting the significant progress we made on our capital allocation strategy, including outstanding cash flow generation in the second quarter. With this in mind, along with the higher projected net income for the year, we are raising our free cash flow guidance to a range of $950 million to $1 billion and $50 million with $1 billion at the midpoint. We still anticipate an inventory build in the back half of the year ahead of the traditionally strong Q1 and Q2 seasonal demand. In the interim, our teams, with the active support of our vendor partners continue to expertly navigate the situation to ensure that we have the right parts in the right places to best serve our customers. And finally, the European payables optimization program remains on track and will help to partially offset the impact of the inventory build on cash flow. Thank you once again for your time this morning, and with that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for the financial overview. Let me restate our key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify the operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy; and fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As you can see from our results, our company executed on each of these initiatives in the second quarter and for that I offer a tremendous thank you to each of our 43,000 plus team members across the globe that make it happen each and every day, really define what it means to be LKQ proud.  And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your lines are open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Lots of goodness to work with you, but I'll focus on your credit profile and the implications for cash flow, Varun what are the implications of an investment grade rating from Fitch on your vendor terms? I guess, I'm wondering will the Fitch decision cause any immediate change to your payable terms of key vendors which would be a positive for cash flow?
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Craig. Great question and great to hear from you. Yes, incredibly pleased with the company early firing on all cylinders, you know across revenue margin the goals of free cash flow conversion coming through and then also the way we have deployed it. With last year's specific question about the recent investment grade rating initiation by Fitch, in itself it makes no change to either our credit facility or for that matter vendor terms. But if you go back, and this is a public document, and go through our credit facility agreement, within that piece we have a prewired clause which essentially states that if one of the two currently named rating agencies were to make LKQ and award them -- award us a investment grade rating, the means of our senior secured facility drop off and that as you can imagine is a significant number which of course is the standard fee in our $1 billion credit facility, so that's one piece where the links drop off and it becomes unsecured. The second piece is, within the credit facility we have a current feeling that our indebtedness through for grade payables cannot exceed 180 days. So again, just to recap, the Fitch decision in itself does not change anything today, but clearly being one of the three key rating agencies out there, one of them has this view of us, I have no doubt that given the ongoing discussions with the other two rating agencies, they too will come around. I don’t believe it's a question of if, it's more a question of when.
Craig Kennison: Got it, so just so I'm clear, you need one of the other two to make a change in order to trigger some of those changes in your contracts? 
Varun Laroyia: That is correct.
Craig Kennison: Awesome, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next one is from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, good morning guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: I want to start on North America Varun, obviously, the gross margin was really strong and part of it that is driven by metal. But can you talk about how the team handled that strong revenue growth with the lower headcount? Have you been able to keep out as many of the expenses that you anticipated? And have there been any hiccups in hiring when you need to give him the employment backdrop?
Varun Laroyia: Daniel, good morning. Yes, it is Varun Laroyia and listen, it's an excellent question. Before I get to the specifics of answering your question, I just want to make sure that all of our 43 plus 1000 associates globally are given a big shout out, what our field teams have done globally, from branch to a warehouse to a dismantling yard, has just been nothing short of phenomenal. Our success, LKQ's success is directly attributable to our field teams. And the last 17, 18 months have not been easy. But they are the ones that have kept this company humming along. And really exceeding everyone's expectations and putting up yet another record quarter. Yes, you're right, with regards to North America margins at 20.8% in the current quarter, or 19.9% in Q1, this is higher than what our long-term expectation has been, has been very clear, both in the first quarter and now most recently, in my prepared comments. Precious metals have been a benefit. And we estimate and if you go to see Slide 28 in the earnings deck, we've actually given transparency in terms of how scrap metal and precious metal prices have been trading. And really what level of benefit has come through, we estimate roughly 350 basis points of that 20.8% margin that North America has put is directly attributable to scrap and precious metal prices. Even if you were to get these out, the business is still delivered well north of 17 points. And so that really is what gives us a lot of comfort, could we have done better, perhaps, but there are inflationary pressures, I'd say the single biggest challenge at this point of time, not just for LKQ, but I'd say across the entire industry here in the United States has been labor, and labor, essentially, whether it be availability, or whether it'd be the cost to get that labor. It is leading to congestion at ports, it's leading to higher freight costs, because delivery drivers are incredibly difficult to find. But that has been the key piece. And that's why I come back full circle. In terms of giving a massive shout out to our field teams, we have been running short with regards to labor availability. We have taken wages up also, just to make sure that we are market competitive. But we have got branch managers, plant managers, DNs going and making deliveries because we want to make sure that while we have the right part of the right place, we continue to serve our customers. Without customers, we really don't have a business and just want to make sure that that is heard loud and clear our fee procedures and outstanding.
Daniel Imbro: That’s great. Really helpful color and then just a follow up on the North American margin, obviously your right, metal prices, you called out the $51 million I think an EBITDA. But is that part of what's also raising your COGS in North America? If I looked at this via the thing, self service cost was up 53%, salvage vehicle drove 36%. So if metal prices roll over, should there be some natural offset in that as your cost to acquire vehicles at auction would go down as well?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely, yes. I think that's what we've kind of said in the earnings call so that salvage prices have been running pretty high for quite some time. But again, it's partly to do with where the dollar has been creating. So lots of export trade has been taking place. As we know there's been a shortage of chips and so OEM sales have come down. As a result, huge cut prices in our precious metals around that is certainly flowing through our COGS also. There is no doubt about it.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Thanks so much guys and best of luck going forward.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Daniel.
Operator: Thank you. The next one, we have Brian Butler from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Brian Butler: Good morning, thanks for taking my question.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning Brian.
Brian Butler: First one just kind of on that point of the labor and kind of inflation, could you maybe just kind of rank where you see it? I mean, looks like labor is at the top, but we're on and kind of put in perspective on magnitude, where does freight and fuel fall below that on the inflation pressures?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, I would put that in probably that order labor first. Because you have to remember that over 60% of our operating expenses, ultimately come back to people, it's the biggest portion of the, on the P&L the biggest expense. And so, and we have 43,000 plus people around the globe, so that's number one. The second would be freight. And that not only relates to ocean freight, which is up significantly, but also, the domestic freight, whether it be in the U.S. or in Europe, and then, some people put fuel as part of freight, we try and separate it out, obviously, if you can track oil prices, they've been up as well. I'd point to you Page 7 of our deck, which kind of sorts out where we have saved money over the past year or so. And you know, most of the savings has been on the people side and then secondly on the delivery side and then finally kind of facilities and the like. So, again, I would put it in that order; think about people, freight, and then fuel.
Brian Butler: Okay, that's helpful. And then just my follow up. When you think about the M&A pipeline, and your focus has been recently on kind of the operational excellence, can you give a little color on where that M&A pipeline stand and what might be targeted in the next year or two or what assets you're still looking at?
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely. So I mean, we are always looking for ways to add to our strength as our organization and whether that comes in acquiring in new geographies where we don't have a presence, whether it comes from acquiring new product lines or new skill sets. Obviously, the focus currently is on kind of newer technologies. Right? So we've made a number of acquisitions over the last year in the whole diagnostics and calibration space. And we're building up a very nice business there. As you know, and we've mentioned in the call, the Green Bean acquisition in Q2, that relates to battery technologies. And, again, we all know that ultimately battery being able to service and deal with EV batteries, whether it's hybrids or battery electric vehicle batteries is going to become important, so you should expect additional investment in that area. So anything we can do to evolve our product and service set and the services is a key component there, relative to the evolution of the car park, that's what we're going to do. And so, you should expect that you will see additional acquisitions, probably smaller, because particularly in these newer technologies, there are no big companies out there to buy. So we can, again, make sure that we are on the cutting edge as it relates to what we can provide our customers.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, and Brian this is very consistent with what we've been talking about for quite some time, including at our Investor Day that, M&A, while it may seem that the pace of M&A has slowed down, not really, really the focus has been different, rather than going whale hunting. As the European segment was built up, the focus has really been as Nick said, the focus has been on high synergy tuck-ins and building critical capabilities and that focus remains.
Brian Butler: Great, thank you. I’ll get back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. The next one is from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Hey, on the payables if you do get a second rating agency to tip your way, what would be sort of a shorter term impact? I think you're close to 50% accounts payable to inventory, but what kind of step up would you see if you got to investment grade?
Varun Laroyia: Great question, Bret. The biggest uplift really will be from our European business. And just given the nature of the European business and how we compare that from April's optimization program relative to say the Big Four here on car parc site in North America. Our North American business per se, we have some opportunity. But if you think of the salvage business, whether self serve, or full serve, is just a different business model. Right? So if you think about the size and scale of a European business, which at this point of time is roughly half the company, that really is where the opportunity is, and we certainly see that there's further upside down there, not just with the fact that we would get the investment grade rating at some point of time. And so the 180 day, ceiling obviously gets lifted, that's more of a tactical piece, but more on an ongoing basis as the team how that continues. It's active discussions with a number of our vendor partners. The focus really had been let's get to the top 40 and then the team continues to go further down the chain, as part of the overall supplier rationalization discussions, making sure that we continue to get our calls at attractive prices, but also had what we believe to be market convention terms.
Bret Jordan: Okay, thanks. And I guess quick question on supply chain. Is the disruption and sort of inventory availability actually a positive for you in the sense that you're gaining share as others are maybe always or less available, and I guess give anything anecdotal on what percentage of repairs are now alternative parks in North America?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. Great question. Obviously, the supply chain not just in our industry, but in most industries is under duress at the moment. For us, it really depends. Actually, the business and the product line, because there's significant differences across the, LKQ platform. Like in salvage, there's no impact, because all that products is here. And it's easy for us to get at the options. Our aftermarket business here however, most of the aftermarket collision products for the whole industry, not just us ours comes out of Taiwan and it's not an issue related to our ability to procure the product. The manufacturers have the ability to stamp out the parts. The issue is getting it from the warehouses in Taiwan to the warehouses in Tampa or Toledo or Topeka, or wherever we need them here in the US. And everyone knows what's going on the issues related to container capacity; Port congestion is a major issue. I mean, we've got ships sitting on the water, just waiting to be unloaded. There's a lack of capacity to unload the ships. There's a shortage of drivers to do the dredge within the ports that meaning moving the cans around. And then there's a shortage of trucking capacity to actually get the containers from the ports to our locations. So what's that doing, it's extending the timeframe of how long it takes us to get product. And it's costing a little bit more money. The good news is the vast majority of our ocean freight is under contract, at least for quite some time now and going into the future. Spot rates, as you know, are up anywhere from six to eight fold. The good news is, again we're under contract. We're bring in 15,000 containers a year, that's 300 containers a week. And I wouldn't want to be a company that's importing 300 containers a year, or 50 containers a year, which many of our smaller competitors are dealing with. So we don't have the inventory that we want, but we can -- we're making it work. And clearly, we think we're in a better position than most of the small players out in the marketplace. Now you move over the specialty, and it's different. Yes, they bring some products in from the Far East and we're dealing with the exact same issues as in the aftermarket in North America. But they also source the majority of their product domestically or at least within North America. And there are the real issues, the capacity or the manufacturers who simply cannot keep up with demand. We would like to have more inventory in our specialty group. We've said in the past quarters, and this quarter was true as well, we've probably lost some revenue because we then have products on the shelves. But again, as the largest distributor and what we do, we are doing much better than the smaller competitors. And Europe is somewhere in between Bret. I mean, the reality is, they import less product from Asia than we do in our North American collision business. But they are also experiencing some tight supplies on certain products that are produced within the EU. So it's creating issues, but we think we're doing a pretty good job of managing through.
Bret Jordan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next one, we have Stephanie Moore from Truist. Your line is open.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good morning. Hi, Nick, hi Varun, hi Joe.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning. Good morning.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch on the European margin performance and expectations kind of implied in the second half of the year, obviously as the record and [indiscernible] tremendous 2Q results. But if you just kind of back into even your updated guidance, it does account for a bit of a slowdown the back half off of the 2Q levels, but admittedly, nice improvement year-over-year. So I'd love to get some color just as you kind of updated your guidance, what your thoughts are for the back half in terms of the margin performance. And why there should be some kind of slowdown from the second quarter, just any puts and takes there would be helpful? Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Stephanie. It's Varun out here, and let me take that question. So first of all, really pleased with how our European business continues to perform. If you go back when we initiated the one LKQ Europe program and formally gave margin targets. We basically call for exiting sustainable double digit margins at the end of 2021 backwards in September of 2019. Amazing how fast time goes by, but we are now in the last six months of that three-year journey. And the way the team has navigated these incredibly choppy and turbulent times, with a pandemic thrown in for good measure has been nothing short of phenomenal, really pleased with the team out there, as you obviously have made out, we do have a number of relatively new leaders out there also. But really, the point being in terms of the talent that we needed, we have out there this point of time, very optimistic about the future also, more to the point about your specific question about a slowdown in the second half. Not really, if you actually go back and see the European business historically, and obviously take our 2020 because that was the pandemic here, or at least and it's still continuing. But if you drill back historically, Q1 and Q2, typically are strong Q3 is also relatively strong. But then Q4 is typically, seasonally the weakest for our European business. So it's really it's kind of seasonal is what we are thinking about in terms of how we are forecasting that European business more than anything else, as of now. There obviously are, a lot of flip flop measures taking place as the country opens, as the country, not open yesterday morning, the United Kingdom said that EU and U.S. travelers that have had the double jab would be welcomed without a quarantine, one never knows, you know whether that continues or not. About four weeks ago, we held our European leadership conference that was held virtually, all of our platform leaders that were on the continent did make it into our European headquarters in Switzerland, with the exception of our UK leadership team. And again, that just tells you in terms of what's happening out there. But overall, the way the program is coming along, how the team – is executing, we feel good about it. And that is essentially, what gives us the confidence to be able to lift the floor on the 9.2 to up to 10/3 up by about 30 basis points to a 9/5 to a 10.3% full year segment EBITDA margin for the European business. And let me kind of just one final piece, also say these numbers include roughly about 20 to 30 basis points of transformation expenses. And at times, it is easy to overlook those pieces, but that is also a drag. But that is the way we have been reporting it. So that number that I just quoted, includes at least in the first half of 20 basis points drag, you can obviously take that away. And, clearly we do expect to accelerate the transformation efforts in the second half.
Stephanie Moore: Great.
Nick Zarcone: And Stephanie some of the seasonality just goes along with holiday patterns. Obviously, August tend to be a very soft month in this industry as people are on vacation in Europe. And then once you get to the holidays, things really shut down, really after the pretty close to the second half of December.
Stephanie Moore: Great and that makes sense. Thank you so much for your time.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next one is Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Gary Prestopino: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Gary.
Varun Laroyia: Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, could you give me those statistics on the collision claims in the quarter from CCC? I couldn't write it down fast enough, do you have that?
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely. So we think that the best way to look at it given the I mean, the total disruption in 2020 is to compare our organic growth because collision claims actually in the second quarter of 2019, which was a normal year for CCC when comparing 2021 to 2019 was down 15%, 15% and LKQ organic was down 9%.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, 9%. Thank you. Then, just in terms of you guys have done a lot of great work on getting the OpEx down a little, can you run the business starts growing again, when things do return in normal. I mean, can you run the business in a somewhat more of a growth mode, like say 4% to 7% while holding the personnel expenses as a percent of sales at that 15.6% or as you grow, you've got to add more people?
Nick Zarcone: Well, there's no doubt, but as we grow from a overall dollar perspective than that means, more deliveries, more trucks on the road, more people in the warehouse. We can't just grow revenue and not add back any headcount. But I've been pretty straightforward with all of my direct reports that we need to see the revenue rebound prior to bringing and adding personnel or any really, any real expense back onto the P&L. And so, we think that on -- take North America, set our ongoing basis, we've reset sustainable margins in the high 16s. And if you recall, 2018, we are 12, 7 2019. We are 13, 7 at our Analysts Day in 2020. We -- addressing people to be north of 15. Last quarter, we told people in the low 16s and here what's on people on a permanent basis. Long term when you take out all the ancillary ups and downs related to them that [indiscernible] like high 16s is a good target. And so and we anticipate that we're going to have to bring some level of expense back to allow us to have the capacity to grow our revenue base.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Nick Zarcone, please continue.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly appreciate your time and attention here this morning. Your interest in LKQ means a lot to us. We'd look forward to having another conversation with you in about 90 days when we report our third quarter results at the end of October. So we'll talk to everybody at that point in time, but again, we appreciate your interest and once again, a big shout out to the 43,000 folks who come to work every day at LKQ. You really make the magic happen. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ Web site at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today, and as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the quarter, and then Varun will dive into the financial details, including our banner margin and free cash flow performance, as well as our improved 2021 outlook before I come back with a few closing remarks.  Wow, we've come a long way over the past 12 months. A year ago at this time, the threat of the pandemic had become a tremendous and painful reality. Immediately, our teams got into action with a key focus across the entire organization to right-size the cost structure and maximize cash flow.  In order to adjust to this new paradigm, our teams had to make some very difficult decisions to protect the long-term health of our company, and in the past three quarters have proven our ability to reset the cost structure of LKQ.  Our global leadership team firmly believed we would come out of the pandemic period stronger and a better organization, and our performance this past quarter absolutely confirms that belief.  Let me restate our key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion.  Third, we will continue to drive high levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And finally, we will continue to invest in our future. As you can see from our results, our segment teams executed on each of these initiatives in the first quarter. Alongside these operating initiatives, the continued build out of a comprehensive ESG program is a key focus for the organization. As promised during our last earnings call, on April 6, we released our inaugural Corporate Sustainability Report. This report validates our long-term commitment to enhancing our ESG practices and will serve as a guidepost for the further embedding of ESG principles throughout our global operations.  Slide 16 of today's earnings deck provides a brief one page overview of the CSR report. If you have not already done so, I would highly encourage you to visit our Web site and download a copy of the full CSR.  Now onto the quarter. Revenue for the first quarter was $3.17 billion, an increase of 5.7%, that’s compared to $3 billion in the first quarter of 2020. Parts and services organic revenue in the first quarter of 2021 increased six-tenths of 1% on a reported basis and 2.2% on a per day basis.  While the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures decreased revenue by six-tenths of 1%, then foreign exchange rates increased revenue by 4.2%. Total parts and services revenue increased 4.2% in the quarter.  The organic revenue growth for the quarter reflects the annualization of the initial pandemic impact last March. Through February, organic parts and services revenue was 4.4% lower on a per day basis. In March, organic parts and services revenue grew by 15.7% on a per day basis, recognizing we were coming off a lower comparable period. Other revenue grew 27% in the first quarter of 2021, driven by higher scrap steel and precious metal prices. While consolidated revenue is still running below pre-COVID levels, net income for the first quarter was $266 million as compared to $146 million last year, an increase of 83% year-over-year.  Diluted earnings per share for Q1 was $0.88, an increase of 83%. On an adjusted basis, net income in the first quarter was $286 million, a 62% increase year-over-year, while adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.94, a 65% increase.  Each of our segments achieved EBITDA margins well ahead of our expectations due to excellent execution, a continued focus on our cost structure, and with respect to North America, tailwinds from scrap and precious metals pricing.  When taken collectively, these strong performances allowed LKQ to record, record consolidated segment EBITDA margins of 14.2% in the first quarter. This was a 350 basis point increase relative to the first quarter of last year.  Let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. Slide 5 sets forth the monthly revenue trends for the quarter. And as you can see, all segments were positive in March on a per day basis. Obviously, during the tail end of February and the entire month of March, we were working from an easier comp. But we also benefited as mobility began to gain ground in certain markets.  Additionally, the penetration rate of the vaccine in the United States is encouraging. And as these trends gained ground in other key markets, we should begin to see a loosening of the stay-at-home mandates, and we would expect a gradual improvement in vehicle miles traveled, or VMT.  According to the U.S. Department of Energy, at the end of the second week of April, fuel consumption was 71% above the prior year and just 3% below that same week of 2019. According to the Apple Mobility Index, the trend in driving trips in our European markets was down early in the year relative to the third and fourth quarter levels of 2020.  But as we progress through Q1, the index rebounded, and by the third week of April, the index had increased 33% from the first week of January. So, there are clearly some green shoots of momentum in VMT around the globe, albeit we're still below pre-COVID levels. Turning to North America. From Slide 6, you will note that organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment declined 8.4% in the quarter on a reported basis and 7.0% on a per day basis. While still down on a year-over-year basis, it is an improvement relative to Q4 of last year.  We continue to outpace the market in North America, especially when you consider that industry data suggests that collision and liability related repairable auto claims declined approximately 14% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the prior period.  Relative to the competitive landscape, we are confident that we are gaining market share from small salvage and aftermarket operators that are typically capital constrained and facing lower inventory levels due to product availability and cost inflation.  Our strong balance sheet gives us the ability to continue to invest in our North American business, including inventory replenishment and also in various technologies and programs to further enhance the efficiency of our operations and the service experience for our customers. With capital constraints, many smaller competitors lack the flexibility to stay relevant and competitive.  During the first quarter, our North American operations benefited from the disruption to the OE component supply chain, which impacted the OE’s ability to build major mechanical inventory. This lack of major mechanical inventory for the OEs combined with our robust levels of recycled and remanufactured engines and transmission products provided the opportunity for our North American business to gain share in the quarter. Our salvage operations have been extremely judicious in their procurement efforts and selling more parts from the vehicles we procure, enabling us to have stronger fulfillment rates than the industry average.  In North America during the first quarter, we continued our environmental stewardship efforts by processing 190,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 900,000 gallons of fuel, 491,000 gallons of waste oil, 482,000 tires and 176,000 batteries. During the first quarter, we also processed approximately 282,000 tons of scrap steel. Moving on to our European segment. Organic revenue for parts and services in the first quarter increased 30 basis points. As the largest pure-play distributor of aftermarket automotive parts in Europe, this is a solid start to 2021 even in the face of continuing COVID lockdowns in several regions of Europe.  Our regional operations experienced varying revenue performance in the quarter with positive year-over-year performance in Germany, Benelux and Eastern Europe with some softness in the UK, and Italy continuing to drag on the overall performance of this segment. Specific to the UK, in addition to our two-step distribution business of mechanical service parts, we operate a few other businesses, including our collision parts and coatings businesses, which registered materially lower growth than our two-step mechanical parts distribution business in the first quarter.  Importantly, with our corporate wide focus on profitable revenue, we spent the past year rationalizing the footprint of our UK business, which eliminated over 40 unprofitable branches, resulting in a small negative impact on revenue, but a significant improvement in EBITDA margins.  Revenue growth from our ongoing mechanical service parts operations was positive in the quarter, while our data indicates the overall UK market was down on a year-over-year basis. In total, we are delighted with the performance of our UK operations.  Other items of note in Europe include the fact that we continue to add talent and expect the organization design elements of the 1 LKQ Europe program will be largely completed by the end of Q2. The Fource Central Distribution Center project remains right on track.  Our ERP implementation at Rhiag, Italy also remains on track for a Q2 go live, which will make it the first large platform company on our new European ERP system. And we continue to expand our payables optimization initiatives, which includes the vendor financing program.  Lastly on Europe, and consistent with our ESP programs, we recently launched an electric delivery vehicle trial for our UK and Republic of Ireland operations. The pilot will run for about six months, and will take into account the charging point infrastructure to identify branches with vans whose typical mileage is suited to the range and capability of an electric vehicle. LKQ is also considering pilot projects with fuel cell powered heavy trucks once those vehicles and filling stations become available.  Now let's move on to our specialty segment, which absolutely knocked the cover off the ball during the first quarter by reporting organic revenue growth of 30.9%. This represents the highest quarterly organic revenue growth since we bought this business in 2014, with Q4 of last year being the second highest quarter.  The primary factor driving this tremendous performance is the ongoing demand for RVs and RV parts. The RV industry association's February 2021 survey of manufacturers determined that total RV shipments increased 30%, making it the best February RV unit shipment total on record. This is good for LKQ on a longer term basis as a larger RV part should lead to more RV part sales in the future.  Also driving the specialty performance was the demand for light truck parts we offer, which during the first quarter increased 17% year-over-year, with strong demand for products installed on jeeps and pickup trucks. We believe that the third round of stimulus checks benefited our specialty business in the quarter. Across all of our segments, and like many others in vehicle parts distribution, we are witnessing some supply chain disruptions, which have led to incremental cost in freight, labor and cost of goods sold.  Related to ocean freight, the container capacity constraints that we first experienced last fall continues to be a challenge. Our supply chain teams across the globe are in constant communication with our suppliers, working to procure the products we need to maintain and grow our market share in each of our segments.  Importantly, we have witnessed minimal impact to our fulfillment and customer service levels and believe the inventory challenges are subsiding. As it relates to inflationary risk, we remain cautious near term. But as we progress through the year, we are expecting a continuing pandemic recovery, which should benefit each of our operating segments. Again, we expect to see continued inflation related to freight, labor and cost of goods sold. That said, as witnessed throughout 2020 and in the first quarter of this year, we have a number of levers that we can pull to help offset these inflationary risk, including price. From a corporate development perspective, in the first quarter, we acquired a diagnostics business that provides various mobile diagnostic and programming services to professional collision and mechanical repair shops in Nebraska. By year end, this business will be fully integrated into our Elitek Vehicle Services brand. We have a couple of other diagnostic transactions in the pipeline.  Finally, I previously noted several senior level additions to the European team in the quarter, which will lead our efforts in the areas of strategy, sales, logistics and supply chain, product pricing, and ecommerce. LKQ Europe is viewed by candidates as being a unique and extremely well positioned enterprise with an exciting future. And we've been able to attract great talent from across the European automotive industry and digital channels.  At the corporate level during the first quarter, we brought on a new Senior Vice President of Human Resources to the executive team. Genevieve brings a wealth of experience in managing a large, hourly-based workforce and she has on-point experience in building programs focused on employee engagement and diversity and inclusion, key elements of our ESG initiatives.  And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the strong first quarter financial performance. 
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. We entered 2021 with strong momentum coming off the two highest quarterly results in the company's history, the third and fourth quarter of 2020. This morning, I'm pleased to report that we were able to build on that momentum in the first quarter and take advantage of some tailwinds to produce yet another record quarter.  As we've said repeatedly over the last year, we can't control when revenue growth will return to pre-COVID levels. However, we are able to manage our costs and have focused on right-sizing the cost structure and emphasizing efficiencies so that we can generate operating leverage when revenue growth returns.  The permanent cost reductions that we enacted in 2020 continue to drive year-over-year profitability growth and encouragingly, we got an additional boost in the first quarter as we were able to support the sequential revenue growth across all our segments without adding back costs at the same rate.  Our SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue showed this operating leverage, dropping to 26.8% in the quarter or 320 basis points better than Q1 of 2020. We were also able to improve our gross margin by being disciplined on pricing to ensure that our strong inventory availability and service levels were recognized in the industry. We believe that these operational strengths are sustainable going forward and will drive our results as the recovery picks up pace, as expected in the second half of the year.  We saw this transpire in the month of March as rebounding economic activity generated healthy revenue growth and cost controls limited the amount of incremental expenses which resulted in the highest monthly profitability in the company's history. I mentioned the benefits of tailwinds in the quarter and commodity prices were most certainly significant.  As you can see on Slide 20, scrap steel and precious metal prices, which have been mostly favorable over the last year, provided additional benefits in the quarter. We estimate that scrap steel and precious metal prices added roughly $34 million in segment EBITDA, which will translate into about $0.08 in adjusted diluted EPS relative to the prior year.  We expect that commodities will be a net benefit in the short term, although likely at a lower level than Q1 as cost continue to rise, owing to the commodity price changes and further moderate in the second half of the year. Even with the tailwinds related to commodity prices, the larger share of the year-over-year increase in adjusted diluted EPS related to pure operating performance.  I'll now turn to that operating performance with our segment highlights. Starting on Slide 10, North America produced its highest segment EBITDA margin in the company's history at 19.9%. Q1 is the third consecutive quarter that we've been able to make the statement, and is truly a testament to the resilience of the business and the management teams’ swift and decisive actions during the early days of the pandemic.  This segment continued to benefit from ongoing gross margin initiatives and the specific permanent cost reductions executed in 2020. Additionally, the commodity pricing benefits I mentioned are seen here, helping to drive North America margins above our long-term expectation.  As seen on Slide 11, Europe reported a 9.6% segment EBITDA margin, which represented a 390 basis point improvement over last year. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on the margin goal communicated last September at our Investor Day and reaffirmed in February following fourth quarter earnings. Europe is benefiting from the revenue recovery and cost containment actions taken last year, with more anticipated on both fronts.  Moving to Slide 12, as Nick described, the specialty results are truly outstanding. We are super excited about the spectacular revenue growth and we're really pleased with the way the segment team has delivered the growth without adding back significant operating costs or sacrificing gross margin.  The segment EBITDA margin of 13.4% is the highest Q1 results in the segment's history by approximately 150 basis points, and reflects the leverage benefit achieved in a period of rapid growth and the discipline to pursue profitable revenue growth.  We talked last year about the shift to an emphasis on operational excellence. And our first quarter results provide further evidence of this mindset taking hold. Each segment’s disciplined execution of our strategic priorities has been excellent.  We are also delivering meaningful savings from our focus on the capital structure, deploying free cash flow to debt paydowns and share repurchases, generated interest expense savings and an EPS benefit from a reduced share count. We estimate that these two factors added $0.02 per share to our Q1 '21 results.  Additionally, Mekonomen's solid performance and other investment income generated another $0.03 of year-over-year growth. Given the improved expectation for full year profitability, we decreased our projected effective tax rate in our outlook from 28% to 26.5%. The reduced rate relative to 30% rate used in Q1 of last year contributed approximately $0.025 of the year-over-year EPS growth.  So to recap, our adjusted EPS of $0.94 is a $0.37 increase over Q1 of 2020. The commodity benefit along with the increases attributable to investments, the tax rate, our capital deployment and a slight tailwind from foreign exchange produced approximately $0.16 of that improvement. The remaining $0.21 comes from our operating performance, focusing on profitable revenue growth, enhancing gross margins and controlling our overheads. And that should be the key takeaway when considering our Q1 profitability. Now onto cash flow and liquidity. Q1 was yet another successful quarter for cash flow generation. As shown on Slide 13, we delivered 523 million in operating cash flows as we continue to benefit from the trade working capital programs we've been driving since 2018, as benefits from payables more than offset the seasonal growth in receivables.  We expected inventory to be a larger outflow in Q1, though ongoing supply and delivery challenges exacerbated by ocean freight challenges have pushed the build to later in the year. Despite the lower than anticipated inventory level, our teams with the support of our vendor partners skillfully ensured that the right parts with the right places and thereby minimize stock out issues so that our class leading full rate were maintained.  CapEx cash outlays were 42 million, resulting in free cash flow of $481 million. We used this cash to repay 83 million in debt and repurchased 57 million in LKQ stock. We also built our cash balance mostly in Europe in advance of the early redemption on April 1, which was the earliest possible redemption date of our €0.75 billion Euro Notes due in 2026.  We used a portion of the cash on hand to fund the redemption and grew the remaining amount on our revolving credit facility. The redemption replaces the Eurobond with a coupon of three and five-eighths with credit facility borrowings approximately 250 basis points of lower cost. Do note that we had already anticipated the redemption and the resulting interest savings in our original earnings outlook provided in February.  On Slide 15, you can see the further progress we have made to strengthen our liquidity position. Our net leverage ratio has decreased to 1.4x from 1.9x at the end of 2020, owing to a strong profitability and cash flow in the first quarter. We believe that we are very well positioned in our stated pursuit of an investment grade profile. We're also pleased with the positive developments on this objective, with both S&P and Moody's upgrading our credit rating in the first quarter.  I will close with our updated thoughts on 2021. With the ongoing COVID uncertainties, especially concerning revenue trends, we are providing an abbreviated outlook. We are comfortable making the following statements, all of which presume that one, additional mobility restrictions beyond what are currently in place are not re-implemented or exacerbated in our major markets; two, foreign exchange rates hold near recent levels. And finally, three, scrap and precious metal prices trend lower in the second half of the year.  With that on revenue, we reaffirm our belief that parts and services revenue will be higher on a full year basis in 2021 versus 2020, with the most significant growth coming in the second quarter, albeit of a low base. We anticipate that the revenue recovery will continue in the second half of the year, as vaccines are distributed more broadly and mobility restrictions decrease, but we do not currently expect to return to our 2019 annual revenue until 2022.  As discussed previously, we have two fewer selling days in North America in 2021, with one already completed in Q1 and the second one in the fourth quarter, while Europe is flat with one fewer selling day in the first quarter, but made up in the second quarter with the additional day.  The other piece I want to talk about was earnings per share. And with our strong first quarter performance, projected revenue growth and the ongoing benefit of our margin and operating expense programs, we expect our 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share will be significantly above the comparable figure for 2020.  We are projecting an adjusted diluted EPS range of $3.00 to $3.20 with a midpoint of $3.10. On a GAAP EPS basis, this would be $2.68 to $2.88. The $0.35 or 13% increase at the midpoint reflects the Q1 outperformance and upside in the projected results for the last nine months compared to our prior outlook.  We expect to achieve this upside while covering the effects of inflationary pressures being faced across the industry related to labor costs, ocean and domestic freight expenses and higher input costs, raising inventory prices.  And finally, on cash flow, we are indeed off to a terrific start on cash flow generation in Q1, which gives us the confidence to raise our minimum free cash flow expectation. We now project that free cash flow for the full year 2021 will be within the range of $850 million to $950 million, with a midpoint of $900 million.  We expect inventory purchases to represent an outflow over the remainder of the year, as we replenish our inventory levels to support the anticipated growth. Essentially, it is just going to happen later in the year than we had previously anticipated.  Some of the investments in inventory will be offset by continued improvements in days payables resulting from the European payables optimization program, which is producing benefits and tracking well in line with the target we've set out in September 2019, when we initially launched the 1 LKQ Europe program.  So with that, thank you once again for your time this morning. And I'll now turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments. 
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance. But we are equally focused on facing change head-on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees, and most importantly, our customers.  In the first quarter, our team of nearly 44,000 employees globally maintained that focus, which again allowed us to deliver positive results above expectations. I am very proud of our team and the outstanding results we posted in the first quarter of 2021.  And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Stephanie Benjamin of Truist. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi. Good morning.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Stephanie.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Stephanie.
Stephanie Benjamin: My first question is just on, as you pointed out, both Nick and Varun, just the impact from this inflationary environment. I think you called out some levers that you can pull, including pricing. I'd love to get an update on any pricing actions that may have been implemented in the first quarter and just overall customer response, and as well as maybe hearing a little bit more on some of those other levers that you can pull just given the environment. And then I just have a quick follow up.
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Stephanie. And the reality is, we're operating in an unusual environment. And volumes in our North American and European businesses are okay, they're not great, but they're okay, and they're still constrained relative to 2019. But as Varun indicated, we've been very disciplined on the pricing front, and there's no need to give away products at discounted prices, particularly in those cases where we're the only supplier that may have the product. So we've been very disciplined in our pricing. We have seen some creep in the cost of goods sold just because of the inflationary pressures at some of our suppliers, and we're doing our best to recover that and maintain gross margins, and we're comfortable with our approach. We have not seen significant pushback from our customers. The reality is we're not alone. The entire industry is facing the same sedated conditions. On the specialty side, the growth there was largely due to volumes just going through the row [ph], which was terrific. And again, our specialty team is paying particular attention to be really disciplined on the pricing front.
Stephanie Benjamin: Got it. Thank you. And then just as a follow up, specifically on the salvage side of the business, have you seen -- you called out benefiting from the ability to procure OEM parts and remanufactured parts just given the OEM shortage. Have you seen any inflation in the quarter or inability to procure some of those parts at auction, just given collusion accidents are down or higher demand for maybe other buyers, would ? Would love just to hear how you've been able to procure those salvage parts.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So we're really proud of our remanufacturing operations. They've done a terrific job over the last several quarters, not just in the first quarter. The salvage markets are tight. And the prices we're paying for the cars are higher today than they were a year ago or even two years ago, and part of it reflects the fact that the number of cars just going through the auctions are down just given the overall level of driving and overall level of accidents and total losses. But again, we're working hard to make sure that we keep our margins at really healthy levels. And the fact that we've got a great team on the remanufacturing side that's able to produce a product that customers are needing has really helped.
Stephanie Benjamin: Great. Thank you so much for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Butler with Stifel. Your line is open.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Butler: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you guys hear me?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, we hear you fine.
Brian Butler: Great. Perfect. I guess just a high level, maybe we could talk a little bit about the trends that you've seen to date on the driving side in the U.S. and Europe? And then just kind of thoughts on how that plays out and the impact it could have in the rest of 2021?
Nick Zarcone: Sure. I'll take that. It's been an interesting year. A year ago, at this time, April through June, vehicle miles traveled were down significantly in the United States and in Europe, the U.S. hit a low point really in the second, third week of April 2020 being down better part of 55% or so. If you look at really from kind of mid-to-late June through the November timeframe, VMT in the United States was down in and around anywhere from 9% to 12% kind of week-in, week-out. So, the last part of 2020 was down about 15%, really from -- through Thanksgiving into the end of the year. And then more recently, though, it's picked up. And in the last few weeks, VMT in the U.S. was down, say, 5%. And I'm talking about passenger cars. Truck miles has actually been positive really since last summer, but almost our revenue relates to passenger vehicles and that's what we focus on. As I mentioned in some of my prepared remarks, the European activity in mobility, again, in the first quarter started off really slow. It did rebound. And here in April, we're still below 2019 levels. But only down kind of low -- we believe low-single digits from a VMT perspective in Europe, but there are some variations country by country. So when you look at – the question behind your question I believe is when do we get back to 2019 kind of revenue levels and VMT levels, right? And we think in the United States, it's going to take us a bit longer. We think it's going to take until 2022 to get back to 2019 levels. In Europe, which is a little bit closer from a starting point perspective, we can see getting back to 2019 levels in the third or fourth quarter of this year. It all depends on how the vaccine gets rolled out and whether people truly get back on the road. And then the Specialty business has been running above 2019 levels for several quarters now, so that's a little bit different.
Brian Butler: Okay. And then I guess as a follow up, just to be clear, that's kind of what's built into the current -- the updated guidance that you gave? And then second would be what part of the commodity metals upside is built into, or the expectations built into the revised guidance that you gave? Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: Hi, Brian. It’s Varun out here. So yes. As part of my prepared comments, I did mention the fact that as of now we do see some moderation on the metals pricing, both scrap and precious metals in the second half of the year. And so that is the piece that has been built into the outlook at this point of time. We've talked previously also commodity prices are incredibly volatile. We’re certainly benefiting from the upswing at this point of time with the sequential rise. But again, make no mistake. There are others in the industry also that are faced with a similar set of commodity price increases. The question really is we believe our salvage teams, self service and full service, are by far the best in the industry and essentially are doing an incredible job in operationally taking advantage of the upswing of that. Clearly, we are keeping a lookout when these moderate, but as of now the outlook contemplates a second half moderation.
Brian Butler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember of CL King. Your line is open.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: I'm just trying to break out March a little bit better. I think you partially answered my question with commentary about reaching '19 levels again. But in March, we saw some nice increases, specialty up 61%. Could you maybe go through the three businesses and just how much of it is easy comps? If you were to flush everything out, did you see inherent improvements in March sequentially, month-over-month from the January-February timeline into March? Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. The reality is, March was a good month for us. Specialty was off the charts. We're not going to begin to imply we're going to be able to continue to grow at 60% year-over-year every month for the rest of the year. The growth rate is going to come down. But the absolute dollar should be strong. The comparison for Europe and North America, obviously, we're happy that it's up on a year-over-year basis, but it's somewhat off easy comps. But the March levels were better than the February and January levels. Again, not at the 2019 levels but they were better sequentially and that’s what gives us a little bit of confidence going forward that we will slowly creep back to those 2019 levels a little bit faster in Europe, a little bit slower in the U.S., but we’re headed in the right direction.
Scott Stember: Okay. I guess last question on supply chain, I think you touched on some of this already, but a couple of quarters ago, specialty was meaningfully impacted. It appears that you’ve been able to work through that. Can you just talk about some of the countermeasures that you have in place which are helping you get through this?
Nick Zarcone: Well, we have a lot of orders out there for inventory. We have product that’s coming into our receiving bay and [indiscernible] shipping bays almost in the same day. We’ve got product that’s not even touching the shelves because the velocity of the business and the demand is just so significant, we’re doing the best we can. We’re working hand-in-hand with our vendor partners. The reality is, the industry as a whole, the vendors are running hard to keep pace. And we're working very closely with our vendor partners to make sure that we can get the product we need when we need it. We anticipated not just in specialty, but in all of our businesses, that we would have added more to our inventory levels in the first quarter. But the supply constraints are what they are. And we think we'll get back to slightly higher inventory levels in the second half of the year.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison of Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: It sounds like your competitive advantage, especially as it relates to inventory availability, has really strengthened during the pandemic. And I'm wondering to what extent you think that is sustainable? What does the competitive landscape look like? Do you think maybe you've seen any of those competitors exit permanently?
Nick Zarcone: I wouldn't say that we've seen a rash of competitors exit, Craig. But as most people know, ocean freight is a significant consideration for all industries, anybody importing products, particularly from the Far East, the lack of containers, the backlog at the ports, it all creates a bit of a bottleneck. The difference is, is we're not importing a few dozen or a few 100 containers a year in North America. We import over 16,000 containers a year. And so we use that position to our advantage. The orders to the vendors are big orders. We are a very important customer and I think we've got great relationships with our vendor partners and they're working hard to help us be successful. And if you're a smaller business, you don't have that same flexibility to have power with the vendors and/or with the shipping lines. We use our size and scale to our advantage.
Craig Kennison: Thank you. And then sort of related, but the other impact of the pandemic is really you forced yourselves to look at your operating performance and you made some tough decisions, unfortunately, in terms of headcount. As you look to add staff to meet the new resurging demand, to what extent do you need to add back staff and can you get by with a leaner footprint going forward?
Nick Zarcone: Well, we clearly leaned out the organization globally as we went through the depths of the pandemic, right. And my marching orders to all of my operating heads down the field is we need to keep that leanness going forward. Yes, we will need to bring back people and add people as revenue improves. But we're not going to bring the people back until the revenue is up and we know it's sustainable. And the goal is, this is the new cost structure, Craig. This is how we're going to operate the business going forward.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Prestopino of Barrington. Your line is open.
Gary Prestopino: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Gary.
Varun Laroyia: Hi, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: I got a question here that’s maybe a little bit different than what you were expecting in terms of questions for the call on the quarter’s numbers, but can you give us an idea on the mechanical side for EVs? What kind of parts demand you're seeing initially? I just want to get to that, because obviously we're going to start seeing more EVs come into the car park.
Nick Zarcone: Very little demand for electric vehicle parts, almost -- I won't say none, but almost none. And you have to keep in mind our sweet spots, Gary, is -- the aftermarket products from a collision perspective and salvage parts from a collision perspective, sweet spot being kind of 3 to 10 years – vehicles 3 to 10 years old. On the mechanical parts, the sweet spot is even older, generally kind of in that four to five to kind of 15 years. And so there's a pretty big lag between kind of when the cars come off the showroom floor and when there's real demand for the types of parts that we and others in the industry sell. So you're not going to see an impact of EV-related parts for quite some time.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Pretty good sequential improvement in the payables ratio. How high do you think you can get accounts payables percentage of inventory without getting to investment grade?
Varun Laroyia: So as of now, in the first quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, Bret, we certainly saw the payables continue to deliver the overall payables program, deliver. It again was not only the European payables program, our North America team also did an outstanding job. But really, it was a case of not being able to get the inventory built to take place. So in Q1, while the number for the conversion is above 100% in terms of free cash flow to EBITDA, as I mentioned previously also, that is not a sustainable number. Our conversion factor on an annual basis is 55% to 60%. But again, we're really happy with how the payables program is going across the board, but clearly the largest opportunity being over in Europe. As of now, the first quarter with the lack of the inventory build, it’s basically timing. And from the second quarter onwards, we expect that inventory builds to take place to get us back into that 55% to 60% conversion ratio. With regards to what the long-term hypotheses is or what long-term plan is with regards to payables as a percentage of inventory, we clearly know for our European business there are some North American comps that we are targeting. It certainly takes time, but we're really happy with the progress our team is making.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question on UK mechanical, I think you've called out a spread between your mechanical business and the collision business. I think one of your peers had called out the UK as particularly strong. Are you seeing any market share shifts on the mechanical side of that market, or is your regional softness more tied to that product mix?
Nick Zarcone: Look, Brian, it's tied to product mix. As I indicated, the collision and coatings activities in our UK operations, we're down double digits. And the environment there is not too different from the collision environment here in the United States; fewer miles travel, less collisions, all the rest, right? Our core continuing operations on the mechanical part side was up in the first quarter. The market was down. We took some share. And that's our goal is to continue to take share. And most importantly, though, in our UK business, we're highly focused on the profitability and the cash flow of the business. Because it's – it’s not how much you take in, it's how much you keep, right? And our focus is to keep as much of that revenue in the form of profits and cash flow, and we're happy with the growth of our business.
Bret Jordan: And you said you'd rationalize the footprint in the UK. Is that done now? Is your store base pretty static?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, it’s all done.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Hi. Good morning, guys, and congrats on a good start to the year.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: I want to start on the diagnostics piece. Could you talk a little bit more about Greenlight and maybe what they bring to the table? And then taking a step back, you mentioned in your prepared remarks there were some more diagnostics deals in the pipeline. Can you expand on what you're looking for in these targets? Is it just scale? Is it new capabilities? Kind of how that fits into the North American outlook?
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Daniel. The acquisition was similar to the other small acquisitions we've made in the diagnostics space. Again, this is very much of a local business, not unlike the rest of our North American operations where you're really selling in the local markets. We're going to continue to do acquisitions that give us geographic coverage across the United States. Because you can't service body shops and/or mechanical shops in California with a diagnostics team that is in Texas or Colorado, it just doesn't work. And so we're going to continue to build out the footprint from a diagnostics perspective. All of our activities thus far are what we would call mobile related, where we actually have feet on the ground, people inside our customer shops, doing the calibration work and/or the diagnostic work. We're going to continue to build that out. And we're looking for other ways, quite frankly, to service our body shop and mechanical shop customers, perhaps using technology.
Daniel Imbro: That’s really helpful. And then, Varun, just one on the balance sheet. Obviously leverage is down to 1.4x and you mentioned you reduced further on April 1 with the Eurobonds. Can you talk about the usage of free cash here? Obviously, inventory will build but you're still guiding to, call it, 900 million in free cash. Do you think about the primary use of that being buyback now that leverage is comfortable, or how are you planning on deploying that capital?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, so a great question and thank you for raising it, Daniel. Yes, the first priority has been and remains to reinvest into our business. Apart from CapEx, which we are very comfortable with and what we've called out for quite some time in the 2% to 2.25% of revenue, that remains stable. In addition to that, as Nick mentioned a few minutes ago, our ability to do high synergy transactions, small tuck-in, building up critical capabilities remains the primary use in terms of priority of the free cash. As you rightly pointed out, leverage is well within our target corridor. We don't expect to see further deleveraging taking place from a debt perspective. And arguably, as profitability grows, that delevering will take place in any case, so not really looking to pay down further debt, which obviously, as you can make out, doesn't leave too many avenues left for the free cash flow with share repurchases, which obviously we resumed the program in the fourth quarter of last year would end up being the primary deployment for that capital that we're building up.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Congrats again and best of luck.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now return the call to Mr. Zarcone for closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well, we certainly thank you for your time and attention this morning and we look forward to providing another update in late July when we report our second quarter results. Again, in summary, we are thrilled with our first quarter. I thank all of the 44,000 people of LKQ for working so hard to bring such terrific results to bear. And we are very optimistic about the future of LKQ. And so thanks for your time, and we will chat again in three months.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. You may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, Operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today, and as normal, we're planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and welcome to everybody on the call. This morning I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter, and then, Varun, will dive into the financial details and discuss our 2021 outlook before I come back with a few closing remarks. A year-ago on this call, we mentioned the Coronavirus a couple of times, mostly related to supply chain considerations. With a year of hindsight, I can safely say that we, like the rest of the world, vastly underestimated the impact that COVID-19 would have on our way of life. I want to express my condolences to all those who have suffered a personal loss of this unfortunate pandemic. And my sincere thanks to all those on the frontline, the doctors, nurses, first responders, teachers, and all those putting themselves at risk to serve their community. We simply cannot thank you enough. During the fourth quarter, we faced the second wave of the pandemic and related restrictions on mobility. Yet, we still produced very strong results, which were materially ahead of our expectations when we chatted with you on our third quarter call. As we mentioned at the outset of 2020, and reiterated throughout the pandemic, we were focused on a few key initiatives. And I'm proud to say our segment teams again embraced and executed on many of these initiatives, not only in the fourth quarter, but for all of 2020. And let me restate our key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and our objectives as we've entered 2021. First, we'll continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model; second, we'll continue to focus on profitable revenue and sustainable margin expansion; third, we'll continue to drive high-levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy; and fourth, we'll continue to invest in our future. We have three market-leading businesses and the benefit of the structure shined brightly during 2020. Each business made significant progress on its goal and the diversity of markets and customers helps to balance out some of the ebbs and flows impacting any individual business. Alongside these operating initiatives the continued build-out of a comprehensive ESG program is a key focus for the organization on a go-forward basis. We've made tremendous progress and I'm pleased to announce that we will be releasing our inaugural Corporate Sustainability Report in the second quarter of this year. While this will be our first formal report, we have been an environmental leader since the day we were founded in 1998, as a salvage dispenser and recycler of passenger vehicles. Today, we're the largest global recycler of vehicles having processed over 810,000 cars and trucks in 2020. While we're widely known for our recycling, and environmental stewardship, we also have a long history of responsible and thoughtful social and governance practices, which we look forward to highlighting in the upcoming months. Now on to the quarter. As noted on Slide 4, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $3 billion, a decline of 1.9% from the comparable period of 2019. Parts and services organic revenue declined 5.2% in the quarter, and 6.1% on a per day basis. Net income during the fourth quarter was $180 million, an increase of 29% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.59, an increase of 28% year-over-year. On an adjusted basis, net income was $212 million, an increase of 27% over 2019. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.69, an increase of 28% year-over-year. So let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. Slide 5 sets forth the monthly revenue trends from October through January and it's quite clear that we didn't witness any change to the upside either in North America or in Europe. There were simply no meaningful catalyst to reverse the ongoing constraints on mobility. We're encouraged by the initial rollout of the vaccine in the U.S. and certain parts of Europe. But there still remains uncertainty about virus resurgence that same distribution, fiscal stimulus and geopolitical risk. As we come through and further relief from the stay-at-home mandates, we should see some positive movement in mobility. We're cautiously optimistic that we may see a slight recovery in demand towards the second half of this year. As you'll know from Slide 6, organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment declined 13.7% in the quarter. While still down on a year-over-year basis, we continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims declined 27% in the fourth quarter. Faced with year-over-year organic declines in parts and services revenue in each quarter of 2020, the North American team used its agility and decisiveness to protect the business by focusing on profitability, embracing various KPIs to drive efficiency, and aggressively rightsizing the cost structure to be aligned with the revenue trends. These actions contributed North America having its highest annual EBITDA margins in the history of the company. Moving to our European segment, organic revenue for parts and services in the fourth quarter declined 3.1%. Demand trends softened sequentially in the fourth quarter as a second wave of lockdown provisions were enacted across all of our European regions with larger impacts in November and December. Most of our regional operations experienced similar revenue declines in the quarter, except for Italy, which struggled. As we articulated at our Investor Day in September of last year, we continue to execute on our 1 LKQ Europe program. Of note during 2020 we added significant talent to the European team including new operating leaders in Italy, the Benelux region, and Central and Eastern Europe. We recruited a new CFO and added new positions of Controller, Head of HR, VP of Strategy and several other positions. Our shared services effort is progressing well with a new center located in Poland that should become operational in the second half of 2021, and we're also currently leveraging our Bangalore campus. Our pan-European ERP initial implementation was successfully completed at Rhiag, Switzerland and we expect to go live with Rhiag Italy in mid-2021. Our team is actively focused on driving permanent reductions in SG&A as available government support diminishes. Our vendor financing program is coming along really well and our LKQ Europe head office in Zurich, Switzerland, was occupied beginning of January 2021. Lastly on Europe, this time last year, I mentioned that we began construction on our new Central Distribution Center or CDC for our Fource business in the Benelux region. Today, I'm happy to report that the keys have just been turned over and our team is starting logistical and operational phases of the build-out. So logistical layout is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021, after which LKQ Fource will enter the testing phase. At the end of this year, we will begin using the shuttle system and the new software. During 2022, we'll begin to migrate the activities in the four existing distribution centers over to the new CDC. As part of LKQ's sustainability agenda, the roof of this new building is fully equipped with solar panels, making the building completely energy self-sufficient. The building is also completely gas free, and will provide sufficient charging infrastructure for plenty of electric vehicles. Additionally, the large number of windows in the building provides plenty of natural light, creating an attractive work environment for our team. Now let's move on to the Specialty segment. During Q4, Specialty reported organic revenue growth of 16.6%, performance well above our expectations and represents the highest quarterly organic revenue growth since the closing of our acquisition of Keystone Automotive operations back in 2014. A primary factor driving this tremendous performance is the ongoing demand for RV Parts, a trend we anticipate will continue as the growth in new unit RV sales will result in a larger RV part and that will inevitably need more replacement parts as those vehicles work through their lifecycle. No one is better positioned to take advantage of that opportunity than LKQ. Also driving the performance with demand of our dropship business and consistent with the industry strong demand for our worn products. From a corporate development perspective, in 2020, our team did a fantastic job of focusing their efforts on rationalizing our asset base in divesting non-core assets. In 2020, we completed four divestiture transactions, all of which related to European assets that came along with the 2018 Stahlgruber acquisition. As you all know, vehicle technology continues to lead to more complex repairs and to be positioned at the forefront of this trend, we have made strategic acquisitions in the diagnostic space. Since acquiring Elite Electronics and VeTech Automotive Electronics in 2019, we have grown to become the largest U.S. provider of mobile on-site vehicle services to the automotive collision repairs, mechanical repairs, and the national fleets. This past January, we combined the two mobile automotive services together under a single brand known as Elitek Vehicle Services. We remain confident that we'll continue to increase our market share and brand awareness within this unique and rapidly growing market. And yes, we're just scratching the surface on the opportunities ahead during these exciting times for passenger and commercial vehicle design. As the car park evolves, we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage our distribution network to increase our product and service offerings to capture the growth in hybrids and EVs. Our strategy and development teams continue to identify new markets and products to pursue some of which we touched on during our Investor Day back in September.  No one in my opinion is better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities than LKQ as we have the people, the network, the scale and the capital to be successful. And I'll now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run you through the details of the segment results.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us today. While there is a lot to share from our fourth quarter results, full-year 2020, and outlook for 2021, I'll keep my prepared comments brief, as there is a lot more detail in the accompanying earnings presentation. While 2020 proved to be an extremely challenging year for a variety of reasons, LKQ's resilience shone through in tough times, as evidenced by the following highlights: one, record high annual earnings per share, including the two highest quarterly results in the company's history, those being the third and the fourth quarter; two, record high annual segment EBITDA margin for North America and for the company since 2015; three, record free cash flow at well over $1 billion, the first time we've exceeded $1 billion, and now the third in a row, record free cash flow year in the company's history; and finally, net leverage dropped to 1.9 times, the first time it's been below two times since 2015, which was well before the Rhiag, PGW, Stahlgruber and several other acquisitions. To put these results in perspective, consider we beat the mid-point of our pre-COVID adjusted EPS and cash flow guidance despite falling well short of our organic revenue growth range of 0.5% to 2.5%. In dollar terms, that's over $1 billion shortfall on revenue relative to our original guidance at the mid-point. Our profitability and cash flow results are a testament to the ongoing margin and cash programs that we accelerated and actions we prioritized at the onset of the lockdown measures last March. Now we all know such outcomes don't happen by accident. And so a massive thank you to all my LKQ colleagues for their tireless efforts over the last year to deliver a truly outstanding outcome for our company, customers, suppliers, and several other stakeholders, while persevering through the ongoing pandemic. I'll now cover the fourth quarter financial highlights and liquidity before sharing our thoughts on the outlook for 2021. As you can see on Slide 11, North America continued to deliver in the fourth quarter with segment EBITDA margin up 420 basis points over the prior-year, and 60 basis points sequentially. Permanent cost savings in overhead expenses was the primary driver of the improvement and precious metal prices remain and gave us a healthy tailwind for the quarter, with an estimated $18 million year-over-year benefit on gross margins. Moving over to Slide 12, Europe produced another solid quarter with an 8.6% segment EBITDA margin, up 100 basis points relative to a year-ago, largely due to operating expense reductions. Importantly, Europe generated an 8.9% segment EBITDA margin for the second half, which is solidly above the 8% to 8.5% range provided at last September's Investor Day and represents good progress towards delivering on the 1 LKQ program. And these results include higher year-over-year transmission expenses. Despite the negative effects of the second wave of COVID, at this time, we remain comfortable with our 2021 projection of segment EBITDA margin of 9.2% to 10.3% for the segment. With Specialty on Slide 13, Nick highlighted the impressive 16.6% organic growth in the fourth quarter. Gross margin was down 40 basis points owing to unfavorable movements in vendor and customer rebates, though some of the fluctuation is timing, as we had positive true-ups from the fourth quarter activity a year-ago and negative impact this year with the volume increase. Overhead expenses were favorable by 50 basis points and would have been more without the negative effects of about 80 basis points from incentive compensation adjustments. Now onto cash flow and liquidity. Q4 was yet another successful quarter for cash flow generation. We added a further $309 million in operating cash flows, as we continued to benefit from the trade working capital programs we've been driving since 2018. Benefits from receivables and payables offset the expected growth in inventory, although the inventory rebuild wasn't as high, as previously anticipated, due to supplier delivery challenges. As shown on Slide 14, operating cash flows were $1.4 billion for the year and CapEx cash outlays were $173 million. The resulting free cash flow and cash on hand was used to pay down almost $1.4 billion in debt for the year. We're very pleased with the trend in EBITDA to free cash conversion, as presented on Slide 15. Though as I previously highlighted, the 2020 ratio of 98% just isn't sustainable as reflects inventory levels by over $400 million to align with demand forecasts. As growth returns, we plan to invest in inventory levels, though largely offset by the ongoing vendor financing program to ensure we maintain our best in class service levels and fill rates. On Slide 16, you can see the progress we've made this year to strengthen our liquidity position. I want to specifically highlight the net leverage ratio, which has decreased to 1.9 times from 2.6 times at the end of 2019, and is in line with our target net leverage of approximately two times. We're very comfortable with our liquidity position, including the availability and cost of funds and believe we're very well positioned in our pursuit of investment grade metrics. As mentioned last October, we restarted our share repurchase program after the third quarter earnings call. During the quarter, we repurchased roughly $30 million of LKQ shares for a total investment of $117 million for the year. We had $531 million available on our authorization as of the year-end. So now I'll close with our thoughts on 2021. As COVID uncertainties remain, we're not providing full financial guidance for the year at this time. We'll revisit this position as the year progresses and we have greater clarity on the vaccine rollout and its impact on the duration and severity of the pandemic. We're comfortable providing the following statements, all of which are based on the assumption that one, extreme mobility restrictions beyond what are currently in place are not re-implemented in our major markets; and two, scrapping precious metal prices and foreign exchange rates continue near their recent levels. So a few points to highlight. First, we believe that parts and services revenue will be higher on a full-year basis in 2021, though down in the first quarter relative to 2020. We anticipate that the revenue recovery will accelerate as vaccines are distributed more broadly and mobility restrictions falloff. So, we do not expect to return to our 2019 annual revenue figure until sometime in 2022. Please note that we have two fewer selling days in North America in 2021, one fewer in Q1 and the second in Q4. While Europe is flat with one fewer day in Q1 though that catches-up in the second quarter. The second point I'd like to highlight is with revenue growth and the ongoing benefits of a margin and operating expense programs, we expect our 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share will be above the comparable figure for 2020. With that in mind, we're projecting an adjusted diluted EPS range of $2.65 to $2.85 with the mid-point of $2.75. On a GAAP EPS basis, this would be $2.40 to $2.60. Given the momentum of our European business in the second half of 2020 exceeding the upper end of the range provided last September, we're reaffirming the outlook for the European 2021 segment EBITDA margin range of 9.2% to 10.3%. Four, we project that free cash flow for the full-year 2021 will be a minimum of $800 million. While the absolute number is lower than the 2020 figure, we've been very clear throughout this past year that 2020 was a strange year for cash generation as a result of the pandemic. As we aligned inventory levels to forecast the demand, our stock levels declined by well over $400 million, which in turn produced a significant cash inflow. However, we're going to get some of the inflow back in 2021, as we replenish our inventory levels to support the anticipated revenue growth. Some of the investment in inventory will be offset by improvements engaged payables resulting from vendor financing program, which we expect to yield more significant benefits in 2021, and in line with the target we had set out in September of 2019, when we launched the 1 LKQ program. And finally, on capital expenditures, we plan to get back to our normal level of 2% to 2.25% of revenue. All of these factors will produce a lower free cash demand in 2020. But importantly, will still put us within our target conversion range of 55% to 60% for free cash flow to EBITDA, widely considered to be best in class for industrial distribution companies. Thank you once again for your time this morning. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that financial overview. In closing, if you asked me in late March 2020, after the onset of the pandemic, predict the financial results that we would achieve in 2020, and how we end-up the year, I would likely have not even come close to guessing at such a remarkable outcome. But the one thing I never question are the capabilities of my team. These results are a clear testament of the pride, dedication, resiliency and capabilities of the LKQ team members across the globe. One famous college football coach said ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. But it's the attitude that determines how well you do it. Despite the challenges and unknowns we face, it is the positive, nothing will stop us attitude that our 44,000 dedicated team members bring to work each day. And that carried us through the headwinds of 2020 that simultaneously generated favorable outcomes that allowed us to reach certain key milestones. We right sized the North American segment and generated record margins. We made solid progress on our 1 LKQ Europe program and generated higher second half margins than projected at our September 2020 Investor Day. The uniqueness of our diversified portfolio of businesses allowed us to benefit from the rising demand for RV replacement parts. We effectively managed our working capital and generated almost $1.3 billion in free cash flow, an annual record for the company. And the excellent free cash flow allowed us to pay down a record $1.4 billion of debt, reducing our leverage ratio below two times. We continued our Talent Acquisition initiatives by adding individuals to key roles across our broad and diversified portfolio of businesses. We made good progress on our global sustainability programs and we continue to provide the best-in-class customer service, in spite of the pandemic and importantly, all while focusing on the health and safety of our team. As I've said both internally and externally, we'll come out of this pandemic period, a stronger, better organization, further solidifying our market leading position. And with that operator, we're now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Craig Kennison of Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on navigating a tough year. My question is on inflation here, just curious how your business is set-up to absorb inflation and where you see your most important sensitivities, whether it's gas prices, metals or other factors?
Varun Laroyia: Good Morning, Craig. It's Varun out here. Absolutely, I think it's a great question. And I'd say over the past couple of months, we've especially seen inflation move up, whether it be ocean freight, which we know is running at record high for the moment, we know wages, here in the U.S., it's difficult to find delivery drivers. So I think you kind of get the message in terms of the inflationary pressures that are building up, and also with oil prices now moving up in the higher 50s, close to $60 a barrel in any case. We have navigated, as you know, not just this past quarter, but I'd say starting 2018, when we put in place our margin programs, and obviously kind of accelerated our OpEx program, in conjunction with a cash program, our teams have navigated those inflationary pressures pretty darn well. We're proud of what they do. And, we believe we have the ability to continue to drive a number of the permanent cost reductions that our North America business has taken the lead on, but I do know that our European team is also following up with. So long story short, yes, are there inflationary pressures, absolutely. Are we well set up to undertake those inflationary pressures? Yes, up to a certain point. It really depends in terms of what kind of comes through the next call it, several weeks such but we do expect a number of these inflationary pressures to begin to ease-up for example, a notion phrase, as the MTs get back to the appropriate positions, back up in Asia, and things along those lines. Nick, anything to add from your end?
Nick Zarcone: No, I think that was great, Varun.
Varun Laroyia: And, Craig, if there's any follow-up question, we're happy to kind of take it now. Or if you'd like to get back in the queue, we can certainly take it there also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember of CL King. Your line is open.
Scott Stember: Good morning, guys. And I echo to Craig's comments on a great job navigating the very tough year.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you.
Scott Stember: Let me talk about the North American business, I know that much of this is based on mileage driven and people getting out in mobility. But we look out the window, the weather has been quite awful the last six weeks, I'm trying to figure out whether you guys have seen any change in demand there. And if you think that maybe this could be a tail, a potential tail to that, as we go from the first and then to the second quarter?
Nick Zarcone: Great question, Scott. And again on the weather has been nasty particularly the last couple of weeks. I'm actually sitting in Austin, because I got iced-in going back the Sunday. The reality is our business is very much driven by total miles driven. And as you saw in the chart, we included in the earnings deck, kind of the revenue trends, not just for fourth quarter, but also for January. And you could see that January kind of picked-off where September left-off or picked-up where December left-off, right. So until there's a really meaningful movement in mobility, we think we're going to be kind of in this level of activity. Ultimately, we've gotten a number of questions in the past about what's going to drive an increase in mobility and clearly getting through the pandemic, and people getting out of their homes and returning to their daily lives, this will be the biggest impact. We don't believe that everyone is going to work-from-home forever. We don't think everybody on this call to permanently be working from home. And while we've all become fairly efficient and be productive in the working from home, there's clearly a lack of community that is hard on organizations. And we may not get back to 100% of folks being back in the office. But we do think a number of folks will get back into the office. We think kids are going to get back into school. And when all that happens, we think the use of public transportation will remain depressed for a longer period of time, just because of the safety issues related to the virus and the life. So as some of those workers begin to head into the office or back into their workplaces, those who took public transportation may opt to take private transportation, which means instead of hopping on a train or a bus, they're going to hop in a car. So, we're cautiously optimistic that miles driven will move back north and that will help our business. Clearly with the ice storms in the like have hit the last couple of weeks throughout the United States that should ultimately create demand for our business. I'll tell you here in Texas and based on the new stories of the pile-ups in Dallas and Austin and Houston, that is probably going to create a bigger opportunity from a salvage buying perspective and a parts perspective because lot of those salvages are anticipated when they sent an ice storm 40 miles an hour. But again we’re cautiously optimistic that we'll get back to more normal levels of miles driven which will lead to a more the normal level of demand. It's going to take some time, we don't think it’s going to just pop back in the second or third quarter but hopefully by 2022, we'll be back at historical levels of miles driven.
Scott Stember: Got it. And then last question on the Specialty side, you talked about RVs really leading the way I guess that's more retail driven. But you also last year like expanded your warranty program, could you talk about how that contributed and how that probably will contribute even more as we move through the next year or two more RVs on the road, many of which will potentially be easily built and just more, just opportunities on that side?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely. I mean, there was an enhancement, I think we noticed a massive shift in discretionary spending, away from things like restaurants and lodging and air travel, theaters, sporting events, all those group events right. And outdoor recreation camping has absolutely been a huge beneficiary of that shift in discretionary spending. Our RV business historically has not been tied to the RV SAR in any particular year. It has been very highly correlated to campground spending. In 2020, the OEMs produced about 425,000 RV units which was a great year; the expectation for 2021 is over a half a million units will be all-time record high. The key there is that the size of a part, the number of RVs in the part is expanding. And that's great for the Specialty business, as all those incremental units that will be on the road for years and years to come will create demand for the parts that we sell. So even if the SAR ultimately settles down over the next two or three years, the units are still going to be on the road, in that larger base is going to provide a great opportunity for us to sell profitably parts for many years to come. So the growth may ultimately slow down. We don't think we're going to continue to grow at 16% year-over-year like we did in the fourth quarter. But we don't anticipate substantial declines in the overall revenue base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Sort of big picture question here around parts demand for EVs. And obviously Europe's got a jump on it; you did a lot of business in Norway. But could you talk a little bit about how you see the different parts that versus internal combustion and what this does to demand down the road long-term?
Nick Zarcone: Sure. And it's a great question, obviously, one that's been kind of floating around the industry now for the better part of the year. The reality is we believe that the supply chain, really the manufacturers of the EV parts will ultimately look alike -- look pretty much the same as the supply chain for internal combustion engine. Now, there's going to be a lot of overlap in suppliers, and we fully anticipate that some of the bigger vendors like Bosch, or Continental or Shutter will absolutely develop parts for electric vehicles. And while we're going to start with the OEMs as their focus, what they know today is that their current aftermarket business makes better profit margins than their OE parts business. And so it won't be long before they take that OE manufacturing capacity and start making parts for the aftermarket. We'd have very strong relationships with all those vendors. We got the leading distribution capabilities as related to Europe and it's a natural fit for us to do business together. Secondly, a lot of the conversion over the next 10 years or so, Bret, on electrification is going to come through hybrids. And hybrid, as you know, is a combination of an internal combustion engine and electric motor. And the opportunity for LKQ there is two-fold. First, there's all sorts of new part types that we would be able to sell, things like Stanley [ph] coolant -- coolant fans, electric air conditioning compressors, electric driven motor inverter coolers, I mean just a whole new set of products that we can ultimately distribute. And then what we also know is that hybrid parts related to the internal combustion engine side of the power train are more expensive than similar parts on a non-hybrid car. So like an AC compressor for a hybrid vehicle, and we talked about this during our Investor Day back in September, can be three times as expensive as an AC compressor for a normal just internal combustion engine car, a coolant pump could be five or six times more expensive. So we think there's a good opportunity for us to distribute those parts as well, and they're higher value parts. And then, lastly, we think the big opportunity ultimately as it relates to EVs is the battery, just like the engine is the most valuable part of a car that has an internal combustion engine, the battery is the most valuable part on an EV. And batteries have an expiring life; they're not going to go on forever, the car's going to be around a lot longer than that initial battery. And so there will be opportunities, we believe for us to remanufacture EV batteries, because generally it's not the whole battery that goes bad at once. But it's just a couple of cells. And it's going to be too expensive to replace the whole battery. So we think there is just a bundle of good opportunities for us in the future, as it relates to the electrification of the car part.
Bret Jordan: Thanks. Thanks for that. And a question on the technology as well. So you're standing in diagnostics program that you just talked about? Could you sort of talk about the revenue expectations and maybe the margin structure of a more service-based business like Elitek?
Nick Zarcone: Yes. So this industry is nascent. It's pretty small. The typical competitor is somewhere between 6 and 12 technicians that have banded together to provide services to the marketplace. Okay. Our business is just shy of the $50 million mark today, and it's growing. The great thing about the services business, it has better EBITDA margins than our North American parts business. And so that should help as that business continues to grow. Now, we're not going to be able to grow that business by necessarily through acquisition to gain significant scale, because like I said, most of these operators are tiny, they're tiny. So we'll buy and look to buy perhaps some of the larger groups, even though they're still pretty small, and rollout on a Greenfield basis by really educating technicians and then putting them out in the field as part of our Elitek service offering. So we're excited about the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephanie Benjamin with Truist. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin: Congratulations again, in a really nice year. I wanted to touch on, you kind of brought up in the beginning of your prepared remarks that really the fourth quarter exceeded your expectations, and even kind of how you outlined things, the last time we spoke. We'd love to hear some color about what moved in your direction during the quarter and kind of how you're seeing things turned out in beginning of 2021? Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: Sure, great question. The revenue didn't help us. And if you go back to that page, when we laid out the last four months, you can see that say for the Specialty Group, which just rocked during the fourth quarter, the revenue in both North America and Europe were down pretty consistently from the prior-year levels. So Europe is doing better than North America because of our collision focus here. So really wasn't revenue that lead to the outperformance, Stephanie, it was our operating margin. We've had good improvement on the gross margin line. And while on a consolidated basis, it looks like gross margins came in a couple basis points. That's just a mix shift, because the North American business has margins north of 46%, the Specialty business has margins around 28% and the high margin business kind of falling 13% and the low margin, gross margin business dropping 16%. So you shouldn't take anything from that at all. The key is the operating leverage that we got out of that. Each of our segments worked hard to get the cost structure to reflect the current state of demand. And we're very proud of what our folks have done. Unfortunately, a lot of that has come on the back of labor. We're down substantially from a total number of employees today versus what we were a year-ago. But that's what just what attract to right size the business. And those are permanent reductions, we're going to be very cautious to add people and/or expense back to the SG&A line until we see the revenue rebound. And then we'll need to add some people back just to keep our customer service levels where they need to be. So think about the intense focus on controlling our costs, because we're in an environment where we don't necessarily control our revenue.
Stephanie Benjamin: Absolutely, that's really helpful. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research. Your line is open.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning, everyone.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Garry.
Gary Prestopino: Couple of questions here. Varun, what is your priority for your free cash flow? I assume you would be paying down debt this year?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, I think it's a great question, Gary. Simply put, if you kind of go back to our Investor Day presentation from September. So probably about four, five, six months ago, we were very clear in terms of; we expected our free cash flow generation on a sustainable basis to kind of continue. We kind of reset the overall business model. So that kind of starting off is a great option to have as a business. We've always said that the key priority is investing in our own business. So capital expenditures will be kind of priority number one. Following that, we've set high synergy tuck-ins and building up critical capabilities. There was a question earlier on the call about scanning and diagnostics. That is a business that we’re investing heavily into. Again, as Nick said they are very small transactions, 6 to 12 technicians, on a market-by-market basis. So certainly wherever we have the ability we certainly acquiring those but really also supplementing it with capital expenditures to kind of expand that specific service. We do not have any large platform transactions on the horizon. We do not see we need those at this point of time, which essentially leads us to a point where the excess free cash flow really would go towards either debt pay down, although, as you've seen, we've certainly made a tremendous amount of progress being at $1.04 billion in 2020, we're well within our target leverage at this stage of time. So really, it becomes the highest return on capital opportunities, and we still believe that our shares are undervalued. And we certainly see no reason given the authorization we have from the board to be able to repurchase our stock.
Gary Prestopino: Okay, thank you. And then just, just, lastly in terms of, what you've done with the cost structure and what you can do obviously, in the future, as you move from an acquisition growth strategy to more of just integrating and bettering your operations, do you every year, I would assume you're really pushing your divisional heads to get the costs down. And I just wondered, where is the biggest component of costs going to come out in the future for the company, and I assume you're going through a program every year, we need to get our costs better in line on an annual basis?
Varun Laroyia: Absolutely, Gary, it's Varun out here. Two years ago, as you rightly pointed out, we pivoted to an operational excellence mode. And ever since that, we've essentially been driving productivity through integration. And these programs you really see in terms of how our North American business has taken the lead on that front. Just look at the fourth quarter operating expenses, that business, yes, we certainly had challenges in terms of what the VMT has been in, so collision rates have come down. But as we think about how our collision business has performed relative to the data we're getting in from CCC, we're performing much better than what the repairable claims are out there. So that's kind of good. But really, it is the productivity piece of it that our North American leadership team has just did an outstanding job. You then kind of move over to say for example, the next large component of our overall business, and that's in Europe. And Europe also has kind of begun to make some progress, they'll be setting so some operating expenses come down in the fourth quarter, there's a lot more productivity to go get out there. And that really is the overall 1 LKQ program. We need to make investments out there, for example in the European ERP program, setting up a back office for example, that really the longer-term productivity really is from our European business. And that is something that we know our European team has a laser like focus in making sure that they certainly follow from, within the portfolio companies, as we shared best practices between our businesses and our divisions, I know our North American leadership team has spent time with our European team also. It's just one thing Nick and I kind of pushing and pulling certain levers. But as the peers speak with one another, largely, it's the base similar business, it's the distribution business, and that certainly has helped a lot also. But yes, you're right, overall productivity programs, every business of ours, every function of ours has productivity programs to essentially offset the inflationary pressures that typically come around in any case, but it's the nimbleness and the agility that we're tremendously proud of, and that really came through in spades, with the onset of the pandemic. I hope that response to your question.
Gary Prestopino: Sure, it does. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to start on a broader supply chain question. Obviously, you mentioned varying time rates are much higher, there's a problem getting things over from overseas, how has that impacted your aftermarket supply here in North America. And related to that with limited supply at auction and potentially disruptions in the aftermarket side, do you think your supply chain can support the anticipated return to growth in North America? Or could that be a pinch point this year as you look forward?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, listen Daniel, good morning to you, it's Varun out here. I think it's a great question. We've got tremendous vendor partners on the aftermarket side of the business, they have been tremendously supportive, not just now, but ever since we got into the business. So that's just kind of one thing. With regards to kind of ocean freight and the challenges associated with it, whether it be the number of carriers that are more outside of the Port of LA, Long Beach for example, or for that matter, getting those empty cans back to Asia to kind of get refilled and come over. We have long-term contracts with vessel providers, but also with certain brokers. So we're still being able to get space without -- while we're having to pay up for it, we still being able to get space for it on those carriers. And then the other one, as you probably know is LKQ has always had a class-leading inventory and fill rates. And so we've made sure that we always have the product. Yet, there are certain areas where we're having to run local or shuttles between within the region, for example, so we want to ship something from say New England to California. But say within the region, we're kind of making sure that our fill rates remain. So we do have the inventory, it may not always be in the right part. But we certainly learned a lot over the past few years in terms of making sure our fill rates remain. But at the same time, we're not kind of taking on excessive costs associated with it. Over time, we know that the Chinese New Year had kind of cost us certain splurge in terms of the amount of ocean freight that was coming over. We expect that to abate level in the coming weeks and months. But clearly that is a risk. But as I said previously, we had product, we have more product on the way in any case, we think this will even itself out as we return to a growth mode starting Q2, which is largely kind of easy comps but really getting back to growth in the second half of the year.
Daniel Imbro: Okay, that's helpful. And then -- 
Nick Zarcone: Daniel, we just think we're better positioned than the typical competitor out there, given the size and scale, depth and breadth of the inventory coming into this. This time we're shipping is an issue. We'll be able to work our inventory to be a competitive advantage.
Daniel Imbro: That's helpful. Thanks Nick. And then the related follow-up would be a follow-up on an earlier question on inflation. Obviously, cost inflation is coming and we just talked about it happening. Are you seeing any signs of being able to pass that through on like-for-like pricing amidst cost inflation? And if not, what do you think is going to take to see that revenue tailwind return considering the cost pressures right now feel pretty broad? Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, listen again just to kind of add to what I had answered earlier in the call, Daniel, we are -- we have a dynamic pricing model. And we certainly make sure that, while we have a certain threshold, or at least a ceiling associated where OEM parts are, clearly if those kind of begin to move, that would certainly help. But we do know that our teams are doing a fantastic job on the pricing side. As I said previously, also our salvage business has been doing really well. From an aftermarket perspective, there is limited supply in the market. We do have the product. And listen, we want to help everybody, specifically the carriers and our customers to making sure we get the right parts at the right time. So associated with kind of having the product, the second one clearly is making sure that we're that much more productive in the cost that we've been able to take out initially what was temporarily in the second quarter, and kind of then switching that independent cost reductions. That is certainly working out well for the entire enterprise. But obviously, we can't wait for kind of growth to return. It certainly helps us get more of our folks back in the field. But as of now, we're happy with the way our teams are navigating the various puts and takes that are out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Butler of Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: No problem.
Brian Butler: Just first one on the cash flow and outlook of the minimum kind of $800 million coming from the $1.3 billion that you saw in 2020, can you maybe break out the buckets that go from the $1.3 billion to $800 million? Obviously, inventory is a piece of it, you talked about DSOs is a little bit of an offset in CapEx. But could you give a little bit more color on that?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, listen, it's actually very simple and it was in my prepared comments. During 2020, we essentially realigned our inventory base with what demand projections were. Our inventory balances came down by over $400 million. And that really is the kind of delta between call it the $1.3 billion and the minimum $800 million that we're talking about.
Brian Butler: So it's all inventory. It's really, I'm guessing little bit of CapEx?
Varun Laroyia: CapEx is about $100 million.
Nick Zarcone: Yes.
Varun Laroyia: It's basically inventory about over $400 million and CapEx is about $100 million. I mean that basically kind of $500 million right there from the $1.3 billion to the $800 million.
Brian Butler: Okay, that's good. And then follow-up just on the kind of the pace of the growth kind of going into or through 2021, I expect first quarter remains kind of weak, based on the January revenue that we -- you showed, but how should we think about that kind of pace of growth for second quarter and then into the second half?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, great question. So as you indicated, we're anticipating Q1 is going to be down year-over-year, largely because we started-off last January and February of 2020 very strong. And obviously, you can see the January numbers are down, February will be down and then March is an easier comparison. Second quarter will obviously be up because even if we just stay at these levels of revenue, the revenue came off so dramatically in Q4 last year, second quarter will be up. And then the third and fourth quarters, those are obviously hard to predict they're further away. We're anticipating a little bit of upward movement on a year-over-year basis. But again, not back fully to 2019 kinds of levels.
Brian Butler: Great, thank you.
Varun Laroyia: And just one additional piece to kind of highlight, we do have one less selling day in Q1 across the entire enterprise. So in North America, there's one fewer selling day in Q1, a second fewer selling day in the fourth quarter. And in Europe, we have one fewer selling day in Q1 but we make up that day in Q2 for the European business. So just to kind of think about, this is something we've talked about previously and just wanted to make sure that you had that into your models.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call to Mr. Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Well, as always we greatly appreciate your time and attention. We know this is very busy for everybody on the call earnings season, lot going on. We appreciate your listening to our story. We're incredibly proud of what we've been able to deliver in 2020, particularly given all the challenges that companies around the globe have had to deal with and we had our fair share of challenges as well. The team I could not be more proud of, they came through beyond any expectations and I could not be more proud to be -- to work alongside all them. We look forward to sharing with everybody at the end of April when we will announce our first quarter results and again it's going to be more of the same, we're going to keep our head down, we're going to drive as much revenue out of the market that we can, but it's really going to be more focus on keeping our cost under control and generating cash. And with that, we'll bring the call to a close and hope you all have a good day and we'll speak again in April. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Abrupt start…
Joe Boutross: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today and as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level operating highlights related to the third quarter before discussing some key metrics that are impacting the revenue trends in each of our segments. Varun will then dive into the financials with the key focus on the impact of the measures we initiated in late March across the entire organization to right size the cost structure and maximize cash flow. He will also discuss our liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet, before I come back with a few closing remarks. It's hard to believe that just six months ago, in early April, we were facing revenue declines of 40% to 45% as economies around the world went into lockdown. Today, we are enjoying a material improvement in demand, year-over-year margin improvements in each of our segments, and over $1 billion dollars of free cash flow generated in just the first nine months of this year. In light of the challenging environment, we have confronted throughout the year, our team delivered a terrific outcome in the third quarter. These results clearly highlight the true strength of LKQ. This performance was achieved in the midst of having to make mission-critical decisions to protect the business, while simultaneously maintaining the morale of our most important asset, our people. I could not be prouder of the effort of team LKQ. As noted on Slide 4, total revenue for the third quarter was $3 billion, reflecting a 3.2% decrease from the level recorded in the comparable period of 2019. Global parts and services organic revenue declined 4.5% in the third quarter, while currencies and the net impact of divestitures and acquisitions collectively accounted for a 1.1% increase. Notwithstanding the soft revenue environment, our team reached a monumental milestone by delivering the highest level of quarterly earnings in the company's history. During the third quarter, diluted earnings per share on a GAAP basis was $0.64 compared to $0.49 last year, a 31% year-over-year increase. On an adjusted basis, diluted EPS was $0.75 compared to $0.61 or a 23% increase. Now on to the segments. As you will note from Slide 6, parts and services revenue in North America declined 12.1% during the third quarter with organic revenue growth for parts and services declining 11.3%. The lower organic demand is reflective of reduced levels of mobility as evidenced by meaningful year-over-year declines in both vehicle miles driven and fuel consumption. According to CCC, collision and liability related repairable claims in the third quarter were down 24%. So again, we are clearly outperforming the claims data. When looking at products specific data, while both were down, our salvage revenue trends outperformed aftermarket largely due to the demand of our mechanical parts, predominantly engines and transmissions. Still our aftermarket collision based revenue performed materially better than the CCC statistics for repairable claims, suggesting that we continue to experience share gains in the collision marketplace. There was particularly strength in our remanufactured product line as many market participants were disrupted by the component supplier's ability to provide product. Given the depth and breadth of our remanufactured parts inventory, we were able to keep pace with demand and believe we gained share from our direct reman [ph] competitors in the third quarter. I would also highlight that despite the revenue decline, the segment EBITDA margin in North America was 17.6%, our highest quarterly level achieved in the company's history. Also North America operational efficiency efforts continued to capture the $80 million dollars in annualized permanent cost reductions that we have discussed over the past few quarters. At the end of the third quarter, over 90% of those cost actions have been completed, with the balance scheduled to be finalized in the fourth quarter. Varun will dig deeper into the puts and takes of these numbers shortly. Regarding the competitive landscape, as many of you on the call know, in August AutoNation announced that it will be closing its aftermarket collision parts business. This headline is both a commentary on the difficulty of growing a profitable aftermarket parts business and more importantly, a true testament to the strength of LKQ's aftermarket collision parts operations with our market leading fulfillment rates, service reliability, nationwide coverage and unrivaled depth and breadth of inventory. From a supply perspective, we have minimal issues sourcing product for our aftermarket crash parts business and our Taiwanese supply partners are well positioned as we prepare for the winter season. We have seen some tightness getting adequate space on ships for our containers causing some delay on product coming in from Taiwan and an uptick in freight expense. Depending on the supplier and product, we have witnessed delays anywhere from one week to 30 days. Having said that, our overall inventory is in good shape and heading in the right direction. On the salvage front, auction volumes are still depressed, though we've seen a slight increase in activity over the past months. We did experience a rapid uptick pricing during the quarter as used car prices surged and the exporters resurfaced at the auctions. But our team has done a fantastic job at combating these price increases by harvesting more parts per vehicle and executing our price optimization strategy. When combined with the rise in precious metals prices, our efforts have allowed us to recapture a significant portion of the increased pricing at auction. As we enter Q4, we have seen little change in pricing, but we are optimistic that this trend will reverse over the next few quarters as volumes return to historical level. While these pricing dynamics may put some pressure on salvage margins in the near-term, when taken together with our productivity gains, over the longer term we believe North America EBITDA margins will settle out well above 2019 levels. Now let's turn to Europe. Total revenue for our European segment during the third quarter rose 2.2% compared to the prior year. Organic revenue for parts and services in the third quarter decreased 7/10 [ph] 1% while the negative impacts of acquisitions and divestitures was a negative 1.5% and currencies added 4.5%. Throughout the quarter most regions witnessed stronger than anticipated volumes, a very encouraging trend. As I stated in our second quarter call, not all regions were impacted by the COVID pandemic at the same time or to the same degree, creating a different growth profile for each of our European businesses. This difference in growth profile continued in the third quarter, but the variability in growth across the businesses were not as disparate when compared to Q2. Importantly, certain key markets such as the UK, Germany and the Netherlands posted single-digit organic revenue growth on a per day basis with September generally reflecting the best month of the quarter. Italy continued to be the softest region posting the largest year-over-year declines followed by the Central and Eastern European operations, which collectively were also down on a year-over-year basis. In the UK, we have completed the restructuring of the Andrew Page branches with nearly 30 unprofitable branches closed and all remaining branches running on ECP's IT infrastructure. All this branch restructuring will likely cost us a bit in terms of revenue growth and enabled ECP proposed double-digit EBITDA margins for the first time in the last 17 quarters. As the leading aftermarket mechanical parts distributor in the UK, we believe ECP has the best margins in the market given the scale advantages and the operational efficiency as a result of our investments. Local management has done a terrific job of delivering on the key operational initiatives of profitable growth and enhanced margins. Additionally, our Brexit contingency plan is in place and being thoughtfully executed despite the significant uncertainty around the Brexit negotiations. The team continues to effectively manage any safety stock risk in the UK. Our European team continues to right size their inventory levels in the midst of the lower demand. As of late, we have seen softness in sourcing product broadly across our supply chain and daily we actively review, line by line our inventory levels to assure our customer service and fulfillment rates continue to be industry-leading. I am happy to report at this time neither of those has been impacted, largely because of our levels of safety stock. Lastly on Europe, the execution of our 1 LKQ Europe program remains on track. As mentioned, at our September 2020 Investor Day, we have pulled forward some activities relative to the original plan and have seen slight delays in other areas. Again, we’ve accelerated our platform rationalization, innovation and shared services development, talent acquisition efforts and the build out of our digital strategy, while our ERP harmonization projects, procurement and product and yield management activities have been delayed by a quarter or two. In total we remain comfortable with both the magnitude and the cadence of the margin improvements set forth in the comprehensive review that Arnd and Yanik [ph] provided last month during the Investor Day event. Moving on to Specialty. During the third quarter our Specialty segment had total revenue growth of 1.4% composed of organic revenue growth for parts and services of 1.1% and acquisitions and currencies making up the balance. Given some industry-wide inventory challenges, our organic growth rates were clearly hindered by the low availability of product to meet the robust demand and we believe the lost revenue due to significant gaps in the supply chain. That said, we believe that our market-leading position allowed us to fare better than our competitors and as you would expect we are in constant communication with our suppliers to work with them and help wherever we can to get more product out on the road. Over the past few weeks we have seen an increase in product receipts and we have finally started to increase our Specialty inventory levels with sales growth rates increasing as a result. In particular, we are encouraged by the extended RV season with this particular product group continuing to perform well. From a corporate development perspective, during the quarter we acquired a mobile diagnostics business that provides our existing diagnostics business entry into the Virginia market and also add some technicians that will serve key markets throughout North Carolina. Also, during the quarter, Stahlgruber entered into an agreement to divest its 51% ownership stake in two small businesses located in Poland. These transactions represent our ongoing effort to rationalize our asset base through the divesture of noncore lower margin businesses and finding new opportunities to grow our customer offerings. The net consideration related to these transactions was negligible. From an ESP perspective, during the third quarter our recycling businesses processed 209,000 vehicles resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 990,000 gallons of fuel, 581,000 gallons of waste oil, 542,000 tires and 191,000 batteries. During Q3 we also processed approximately 286,000 tons of scrap steel. You can see that our businesses help preserve significant levels of natural resources, reduce the demand for scarce [ph] financial [ph] space and reduce air and water pollution, all of which helps protect the environment. So where can we go from here? Similar to the second quarter we have clearly benefited from a solid rebound in demand during Q3. But as widely publicized, there has been a resurgence in COVID cases across the globe with positive test rates reaching all-time highs. It is impossible to predict how the recent surge may impact our business as it depends on how the governments around the globe react. Some countries are headed back to strict lockdowns, but most appeared to be focused more on curbing certain activities such as attending sporting events and other group functions, limiting in-restaurant dining and utilizing virtual schooling, all of which will continue to dampen mobility. While the horizon of the overall market demand remains foggy, we are hopeful that the industry will not return to the extreme market conditions experienced early in the second quarter. With that as a backdrop, we do not expect any material improvement in mobility or overall industry demand in the fourth quarter as there are no catalysts apparent to drive meaningful increases in miles driven. Until improvement is evident in our business, we remain intensely focused on controlling our costs and generating significant levels of cash flow. And at this point I will turn the call over to Varun.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick and a very good morning from the LKQ offices in Chicago to everyone joining us today. I am very excited to speak with you this morning on our third quarter results. When I joined LKQ in October 2017, I saw a market-leading business with an opportunity to become even stronger by becoming disciplined and more rigorous in the application of key management principles. Since then, following a very successful consolidation phase in the company’s evolution, we shifted or focus to operational excellence with an emphasis on pursuing profitable revenue growth and generating high quality sustainable free cash flow. Our 2020 results and especially the third quarter are an indication of the success of these multi-year efforts. I want to acknowledge the work of all our teams across the business in producing a record quarter of earnings per share and over $1 billion in free cash flow through nine months while navigating a pandemic. That is truly outstanding performance. In my remarks I will cover the progress we’ve made with margin expansion and cash flow generation and a brief recap of the segment results and our thoughts about the fourth quarter. I’ll start with Slide 7, which shows the consolidated margins achieved over the last three years. You can see how prioritizing profitable revenue growth has played out in gross margin in the last couple of years. Each quarter in 2019 and 2020 has shown year-over-year improvement, except perhaps the third quarter of 2019, which was adversely impacted by 60 basis point from restructuring charges. Taking away that impact, it would have been seven consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement. Listen, I can’t guarantee that this streak will continue uninterrupted, as we know there are positive and negative shots that can pop up, such as the effect from fluctuations in precious metal prices. However, I fundamentally believe that we are in a stronger and more resilient position today than a few years ago going through rightsizing and productivity actions and margin initiatives implemented across each of our segments that recognize the world class [indiscernible] service and value that we provide to our customers to help them achieve their goals. Additionally, with the portfolio deep dive that we initiated in line with the operational expense program, an integral part of our ongoing efforts to rationalize our asset base, the divesture of lower margin and non-core businesses is increasing our margin profile and improving returns on invested capital, all of which is a sustainable development. Shifting to segment EBITDA, we recognize that the benefits of our gross margin improvement initiatives were being partially or fully offset by changes in overhead expense leverage. As you will recall, we implemented a global restructuring program in 2019 to drive operating efficiencies, along with the ongoing 1 LKQ Europe program. When the global pandemic struck in early 2020, we took tough and decisive actions to accelerate the cost savings initiatives. We acted immediately to align overhead expenses with revenue changes through actions such as furloughs, salary reductions and bypass discretionary and other non-mission critical spending. Further, and more importantly, we made permanent reductions through another restructuring program that targeted inefficient operations that had built up over years of relentless revenue growth. These cost actions have been critical to the margin success we've seen in the last two quarters during the pandemic, including the 210 basis points year-over-year improvement in the third quarter. Looking at Slide 8, you can see the effects of our cost structure actions with the largest cuts coming in Q2, followed by some increase owing to operational activity in Q3 as revenue recovered. Importantly, we've laid back expenses at a lower rate than the revenue increase. Sequential revenue in the third quarter increased by 16%, while overhead expenses grew only by 10%. We are encouraged by these results and the level of time and cost savings being achieved across the business. On slide 10, you'll see a summary of the consolidated results for the quarter highlighted by impressive profitability increases on the segment EBITDA and EPS lines. Moving to segment performance, we are very pleased with the North America results as shown on slide 11. The segment EBITDA margin of 17.6% is the highest we've seen in the history of the company and merits additional praise for coming in the third quarter, which traditionally runs at a lower margin than the first two. The gross margin remained strong due to pricing and rightsizing actions, and was further enhanced by favorable impacts from scrap steel and precious metal prices. It's difficult to forecast how long the precious metals benefit will last. The current prices supported continuing benefit into the fourth quarter, although at a diminished level as car costs adjust for the increase. We expect some downward pressure on gross margin in the fourth quarter from higher salvage care costs and the team is working to mitigate those effects. North America has done an exemplary job of leveraging operating expenses as evidenced by 5% sequential increase in OpEx in Q3 to deliver a 15% revenue increase. Personnel costs are the biggest driver of improvement reflecting reduced headcount, lower medical claims, improved safety performance, lower overtime and limited travel expenses. With gross margin expansion and operating expense leverage, North America delivered an incredible result. As you've heard at our Virtual Investor Day last month and see in these results, the North American management team has embraced the operational excellence mindset and is delivering outstanding performance. Europe also produced a strong segment EBITDA margin in the third quarter, coming in at 9.2%, which is its highest figure since the second quarter of 2017. As shown on Slide 12, the gross margin remained solid at 37.1% and generated most of the year-over-year improvement in segment EBITDA largely due to margin enhancement initiatives implemented to pursue our profitable revenue growth objective. Overhead expenses are down in local currency versus last year as a result of permanent and temporary headcount reductions, limited travel expenses, and aid from government programs in Europe. We know that there is more work to do in Europe to realize the full benefits of the 1 LKQ Europe program, but we now have the right team in place, and we are confident that they are positioned to meet or exceed the segment EBITDA margin target for the second half of 2020 that was presented during Investor Day. Turning to Slide 13 Specialty continues to perform well through the pandemic, producing a 60 basis point improvement in segment EBITDA. There is some year-over-year mix shift impacting gross margin and freight expenses in offsetting directions, leaving personnel expenses as the primary driver of improvement. Specialty made significant reductions in 2019, but was able to identify additional opportunities to drive efficiency and productivity. We have seen these benefits come through in the operating expense leverage. So in summary, Q3 was an excellent quarter for all three of our segments. Each faced challenging conditions and yet produced year-over-year improvements. Reflecting upon the journey we've taken over the last few years, I vividly recall Q1 2018 when as a newbie to LKQ, the business generated $5 million of incremental segment EBITDA on a revenue increase of $378 million and contrast that against this quarter, with a $52 million increase year-over-year in segment EBITDA, despite $100 million decrease in revenue. There's a lot of hard work and difficult decisions that got us to this position. A massive thank you to all of my LKQ colleagues who have helped made this happen. Now on to cash flow and liquidity. Q3 was another successful quarter for cash flow generation. We added $222 million in operating cash flows, as we continue to benefit from reductions, improved working capital, especially inventory. As expected, and stated on the second quarter earnings call, some of the tax payment deferrals that boosted cash flow in the first half reversed this quarter, as we caught up on income tax, and VAT payments, which partially offset the trade [ph] working capital benefit. The vendor financing program in Europe continues to ramp up with an increase in supply participation, which we expect to yield benefit in 2021. During the fourth quarter, we gave back some of the year-to-date trade working capital related benefits as we plan to increase our inventory levels to support this service, and fill rate requirements of our businesses, based on the revenue trends and expectations for 2021, including normal seasonality as we approach the winter. As previously mentioned, while we expect to be able to operate effectively at a lower inventory balance than we exited 2019, the September figure isn't sustainable in the long run for us to continue our best in class fill rates. As shown on Slide 14, operating cash flows were $1.1 billion through September, and CapEx cash outlays were $110 million. The resulting free cash flow was used to pay down over $1 billion in debt. We're very pleased with the trend in EBITDA to free cash flow conversion as presented on Slide 15, though we know that the 2020 ratio of 108% just isn't sustainable. However, the strong conversion this year demonstrates the ability of the business to generate significant cash during periods of extreme volatility. On Slide 16, you can see the progress we've made this year to strengthen our liquidity position. I want to highlight the net leverage ratio, which has decreased to 2 times from 2.6 times at the end of 2019. We've targeted to maintain our net leverage around the 2 times level as I stated at the Investor Day last month, and reaching this level creates flexibility in our capital allocation decisions, while continuing to pursue investment grade metrics. We will still opportunistically pay down debt when appropriate, and the target net leverage ratio combined with a solid total liquidity position gives us confidence to restart the share repurchase program. As you recall, we voluntarily halted the program in March to preserve cash, as we worked to understand the pandemic's effect on our business. No different than before, we will repurchase shares when we feel market conditions are favorable under our remaining authorization. Finally, I will close with a couple of thoughts on the fourth quarter. As COVID uncertainties remain, we are not providing full financial guidance for 2020. However, our experiences obtained from operating in the pandemic over the last seven months, gives us comfort in making the following statements, which presumes extreme mobility restrictions. I repeat, which is that extreme mobility restrictions are not re-implemented in our major markets. One, we believe that the full organic parts and services revenue recovery will come through sometime in 2021. Though near term, our fourth quarter revenue will be lower than the reported 2019 figure. Two, with the ongoing benefit of our focus on costs and productivity actions and margin improvement efforts, we expect our fourth quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share to be above the comparable figure for 2019. And finally, we project that free cash flow for the full year 2020 will be a minimum of $900 million, up double-digit year-over-year, despite the lower revenue. So once again, thank you for your time and attention this morning. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Nick, for his closing comments.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that detailed financial update. In closing, our performance in the quarter clearly illustrates the strength of our business, which is driven by a tremendous team that has focused on our key initiatives of driving profitable revenue growth, enhanced margins, and free cash flow. Regardless of the operating environment, and hurdles confronted, our team once again, delivered on each one of these initiatives in the quarter. No one at LKQ takes for granted how hard we work to create our market leading positions and all levels of the organization are laser focused on maintaining and growing these positions each and every day. The strength of our three reporting segments is based on our geographic, customer, and product diversity, unmatched inventory levels, and the high levels of fulfillment rates across all of our segments, which is all supported by a proud culture of putting the customer at the center of everything we do. With these key initiatives in place, and the best operating teams in the industry, we are confident that we will continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: Hi there, congrats on the quarter.
Dominick Zarcone: Hey, thanks Daniel.
Varun Laroyia: Hey, thanks Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to ask one on OpEx, specifically on the personnel. I think in the slide, you mentioned personnel was down 12%, that included some portion of permanent costs, but also some portion of like lack of merit based expenses or merit based increases, which should come back eventually I would think, but what kind of timeframe do you expect that to normalize? Can you help us think about what that 12% looks like by segment, is it more concentrated in North America or Europe, any kind of color there would be helpful?
Varun Laroyia: Absolutely. Daniel, good morning to you and everyone else joining us this morning, also. Yes in terms of when you look at the personnel costs, that's really the one area which is a significant portion, in fact, by far the largest key element of our operating expenses. With regards to some of the temporary cost savings that we had implemented in the second quarter, I think as we mentioned, in the third quarter those pretty much came back. So if your question is in terms of what level of the bypassed merit or the salary trends that had taken place, those are currently running on a normal basis as of now. So from that perspective, that's going to come back. But I think more importantly, what we should think about is the permanent cost reductions that we've called out exactly seven weeks ago by segment at our Virtual Investor Day on the 10th of September. North America and Europe, both of them are driving hard on that front. North America is ahead with regards to the execution of that program and we're certainly seeing the benefit come through. So all in all happy with the way we are managing our cost structure, given the extreme volatility there is out there in the market.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Stember of CL King.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Again, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a great quarter.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you for that.
Scott Stember: You talked about, obviously some certain caution regarding the increased infection rates throughout the world, but just trying to get a sense of what we've seen so far in October, have you seen any material difference from the trajectory of recovery in Europe, particularly in the UK, Netherlands and Germany?
Dominick Zarcone: So obviously, we had what we think was a pretty good third quarter across the enterprise, given where we are with miles driven and the like. Importantly, in Europe, while we were down 7/10 of a percent organic for the quarter, some of the key markets were up kind of single digits, particularly the UK, Germany and the Netherlands and September was the best month, generally of the quarter, so that was encouraging. We haven't seen a significant move in the first couple of weeks of October, either up or down, quite frankly. But, the spikes in the cases of just, they've just started and the governments are just beginning to think about what their action plans are going to be. Actually, since we've been on this call, I saw a note that France is going into pretty much of a severe lockdown now. We don’t have much business in France, so that won't have an impact on us. The key Scott is, how are the governments around the globe going to react to the current spike in positive cases and we just don’t have any clarity as to how that's going to be. But thus far we're okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Butler of Stifel.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Brian. Hello.
Brian Butler: I just wanted to maybe go in a little bit more on the working capital. And if you could provide a little bit more color. I know, you said that it was going, you're going to give back some of that, but maybe a little bit color on fourth quarter where that comes is that a couple of hundred million dollars in inventory or anything that could help us get that fourth quarter number right?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely. I think it's a great question. And as I called out in the second quarter, and then also at Investor Day last month, and then earlier this morning, the working capital conversion as of now is running significantly higher, essentially proving that the business model that LKQ operates, has the ability to generate significant amounts of free cash has been proven yet again. With regards to the fourth quarter, given as to how revenue trends are coming through, we do see ourselves investing in inventory specifically. And again, it's broad based, but largely within our specialty segments, which essentially has been constrained up to a certain point with regards to inventory availability. It is flowing at this point of time, but that clearly is the one key priority that we are pushing pretty hard on. And certainly it'll be the inventory build for a few reasons, Brian. One, we are significantly lower than where the revenue is currently trending. We do expect the balance sheet to also flex based on revenue. But as you know, revenue is really a little bit better than where the inventory levels are. We do not have any fill rate issues. We do not have any stock outs, but we certainly want to maintain our best in class and class leading fill rates and service levels. So that is something that we are not willing to compromise on. So really, from that perspective, as I called out this morning also, we will be delivering at least a minimum of $900 million of free cash flow for the full year, a year ago, it was roughly about 800 million. So that certainly makes sense with regards to a double-digit conversion. And then the final issue really is, as you think about our key selling season, it is the first and the second quarter. And so, now is the time when we need to rebuild the inventory levels for that seasonal uptick as we head into the winter. So yes, we will see some trade working capital get back and really it will be within the inventory side.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Kennison, R.W. Baird.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: I wanted to -- hey Nick, good morning. I wanted to ask about just the pandemic here. I mean, it's been particularly hard on small businesses. I'm curious what you see as your competitive change in position here? I'm sure you've got some small competitors that are struggling, but then also you've got some customers here who are also small businesses who also may be struggling and just wondering how all of that dynamic plays out maybe in 2021 as things hopefully normalize?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, I wish I had a crystal ball Craig. The reality is, is all going to depend on what the governments around the globe do, not only as it relates to controlling the pandemic vis-à-vis restrictions on mobility which obviously as we saw in the second and third quarter have a negative impact. The overall demand in our industry and that hits not only distributors like ourselves, but it also hits our customers. And also what they do from an economic stimulus perspective, the reality is we saw some of our competitors early in the pandemic shut their doors for a couple of weeks and almost as soon as the payroll protection plan money got distributed. They opened back up, but that tells you kind of how much on the line some of those smaller businesses are being able to keep the doors open. If there are significant restrictions on mobility and such a demand for repair services and related parts is down and there is no government support. Well that's going to really put the smaller business at risk. If the governments come along with another big funding if you will, to help businesses stay afloat that will obviously mitigate. What we've seen across the globe is not a rash of people going out of business, but we know for a fact like in the UK, market demand in the third quarter was down. Our organic revenue in the UK was up. So we're taking share and we believe that the larger, well capitalized businesses are doing okay in this environment, and the smaller undercapitalized businesses are going to continue to struggle. So the answer to your question Craig, it all depends on how deep the restrictions are on mobility and what kind of programs are in place, particularly for smaller businesses by the governments to keep them going.
Operator: Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: Hey, with another quarter of accounts payable experience under your belt Varun, I guess could you give us a feeling where you think you might be able to get your payables ratio in Europe and obviously I guess your aggregate AP is like 37%, but what do think your total payables ratio could be companywide as you sort of run this program forward?
Varun Laroyia: Yes listen, great question and very happy with the way the payable program is coming along in Europe. Both the formal vendor financing improved but also the ongoing discussions with our supplier community. We keep ramping that piece up. We've seen some benefit in the current physical year, but really where we expect to see a lot of those negotiations come to fruition will be in 2021. And again, it is not everything going to the formal vendor financing program in a number of cases Bret we actually have our supplier basically giving us what we're looking for from an extended event time perspective in any case. Over all things are moving in the right direction. All I'll say is there is still tremendous opportunity within our European segment. Our teams are working hard on that front. We have prioritized the top forty suppliers and those discussions have come though really strongly. There is still a large portion of the remainder of calls in Europe to actually come through. In terms of giving you an absolute number, this is a multiyear program and despite the fact I know who should be clamoring to find to get a target number that we are chasing. Listen, it is one step at a time in many ways this is the first time it has been done across the European continent in our industry and I am glad with we now have a partner that is also pushing account on that front in the two largest protagonist across the European continent. So we know we are not alone on that front. Great progress being made and we keep resetting the bar with regards to where we expect this program to end up.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephanie Benjamin of Truist.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi, you guys have noted, first thing analysts say, but again today that you reshuffled some of your margin improvement initiatives in Europe and delayed some by ERP but accelerated others. Is this updated strategy kind of less reliant on the top line improvement? I'm just trying to get a sense of okay you know, worst case scenario, you are -- meaningful walk down, how these initiatives can still be realized even at a tougher top line environment? Thanks.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Stephanie and good question. The reality is, it is a combination of both, right. I mean some of the things that we're doing clearly we are going to be moving towards a shared service center, that's really not dependent on revenue flow in any given quarter. That's all about just trying to really get rid of some duplicative costs that are being incurred across the platform currently and pull them all together in a single spot. And again that's one of those items that we mentioned back on September 10, that we're pulling forward in the overall plan. Other items like procurement benefits, there is a relatively direct connection to revenue, because as revenue goes up, our procurement in our inventories need to go up to support that higher level of revenue, which means our supplier rebates and the like go up. If revenue goes down, we're buying a little bit less from the suppliers and our rebates go down. And so that's -- so some of it is not impacted by revenue and the things that are totally under our control we're trying to move forward. Other things have a connection to revenues. So it is a little bit of a mixed bag. As of now like I indicated, we are comfortable with both the magnitude and the cadence of the margin developments and forecast that we provided during the Analyst Day about 50 days ago.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: A followup guys. Varun I wanted to touch on the call side of the equation, you mentioned in your segment discussion cost are all increasing. I think in the slide you said you increased your third party freight exposure. Can you talk about what potential offsets you have to really mitigate that risk and maybe can you compare where you are at today versus where we were at in the last freight cycle in 2017, when it was a pretty big headwind to margins for you guys, maybe just compare the two situations? Thanks.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely. And yes, we are seeing an increase in freight. Freight is actually impacting both our calls. If you think about North America, aftermarket supplies coming in from Taiwan, Daniel, we have seen a spike in the spot rates for ocean freight. So that has spiked. We're still able to get our product service and no issues from inventory availability. We're actually getting it through, but yes, we have seen a spike in spot rates on that front. I think the other piece that probably, I'll point you toward is, you can see how the big freight forwarders and carriers in the United States, but also the same folks in Europe, the UPS and FedEx of this world they are essentially are also doing incredibly well and they have taken their charges up. The final one really is, we are seeing an uptick in e-commerce and online purchases. So from that perspective, there is some tightness in demand out there. The ongoing challenge of finding delivery drivers, it's no different to others within our industry or for that matter, anyone else within the distribution space, per se. And so from that perspective, what we have done from call it the first quarter 2018, where we saw this piece initially, we obviously did become more efficient with regards to the amount of product that was being shuttled around. And where it was being transported on a cross country basis, for example, to kind of keep our fill rates up. The example I gave was, from Q1 '18, where revenue was up like just under $400 million and all it really kind of got us was about $5 million of incremental segment EBITDA. We've obviously put those learning’s into place. And yes, there are certain charges that we do apply as and when those are necessitated. So we're certainly mitigating a lot of it through the learning’s of the past couple of years. But clearly, there is an uptick on that front, and our teams with regards to route optimization, our road net proliferation across the network or for that matter, the number of deliveries that end up taking place, all of that is being worked into the equation. So really happy with the way our segment teams, in fact, all three segment teams are dealing with this spike in inflated delivery costs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to Nick Zarcone for any closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call. Again, we believe we've reported just terrific results here in the third quarter of 2020. We are working hard to make sure that we can do everything under our control to deal with the impact of the pandemic, both obviously what's occurred thus far and what may ever lie ahead for the globe going forward. You can trust that we are going to be extremely focused on our cost structure and continuing to generate cash. On that I want to give a huge thank you to everybody on the LKQ team because it has absolutely been a huge team effort to get us where we are at today. And lastly, we started off right before this call was a piece of birthday cake for none other than Joe Boutross, whose birthday is today. So Joe, Happy Birthday to you. I know most of the folks on the call know you well, and I'm sure they send their best wishes. So we will talk again after the fourth quarter results, and we appreciate your attention. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutros, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-Q and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the second quarter, before discussing some of the key industry metrics that are impacting the revenue trends in each of our segments. Varun will then dive into the financials with the key focus on the impact of the measures we initiated in late March across the entire organization to right size the cost structure and maximize cash flow. He'll also discuss our liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet, before I come back with a few closing remarks. So much has happened since the pandemic began sweeping across the globe. And while some of you may sense the worst is over, others likely feel we're still in the center of the storm. It all depends on where you live. But one thing is universal. We all owe an incredible debt of gratitude to those on the frontlines. The doctors, nurses, first responders, and all those bring themselves at risk to serve their communities and the communities where LKQ operates across the globe. To them, I send a great big thank you and offer sincere appreciation from the LKQ family for their heroic services. In light of the environment, our second quarter results were very strong, and materially ahead of our expectations when we chatted 90 days ago on our first quarter call. Our ability to quickly and successfully navigate through incredible decreases in demand to report strong margins and earnings and even better cash flow is a testament to the courage of our global leadership team to make the hard decisions to protect our company. As you all know by now, the efforts by governments around the world to flatten the infection curve had a profound negative impact on mobility. With the material drop in miles driven, activity levels at repair shops in North America and Europe dropped precipitously, as did the demand for repair parts. As economies around the globe began to open up and mobilities of all types increased, so did the demand for the parts we supply and we ended the quarter on a much sweeter note than how it began. As noted on Slide 8, total revenue for the second quarter was $2.6 billion, reflecting a 19% decrease from the level recorded in the comparable period of 2019. Global parts and services organic revenue declined 16.8% in the second quarter, while currencies and the net impact of divestitures and acquisitions accounted for a 2.1% decrease. Importantly, the low point in demand was the first half of April. While we're still below 2019 levels on a consolidated basis, we have seen continuous improvement with each passing month, with April same day revenue being down approximately 30% compared to 2019, May down 13%, and June down less than 8%. From an EPS perspective, the second quarter diluted earnings per share on a GAAP basis of $0.39 compared to $0.48 last year. On an adjusted basis, diluted EPS was $0.53 compared to $0.65, or an 18.5% decrease. Like revenue, EPS improved in each successive month of the quarter, with May and June, clearly reflecting the benefits of the cost reduction programs implemented in each of our segments. As you will note from Slide 12, organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment in the second quarter declined 22.5%. According to CCC, collision and liability-related repairable claims in the second quarter were down 42%. The continued outperformance of our North American organic growth relative to repairable claims growth, combined with the OE supply chain disruptions in dealer closures during the quarter, give us confidence that APU is increasing and we're gaining market share. Additionally, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven in the U.S. were down 40% year-over-year in April and 26% in May. The June results are not yet available. But we expect they will be better than May, but still down about 10% compared to last year. To put our performance, and the miles driven decline into perspective, the softness period during the Great Recession came in mid-2008, when miles driven declined just 3.9% relative to the prior-year. I would also highlight that despite the revenue decline, the segment EBITDA margin in North America was 14.8%, the highest second quarter level achieved in the last five years. North America operational efficiency efforts have resulted in permanent cost reductions of approximately $80 million annually, which includes headcount reductions, closure of over 30 locations, and the elimination of redundant or end-of-life fleet assets no longer needed. Our North America team has done an outstanding job of managing their cost structure and being very disciplined on operational matters. Lastly, on North America, during the second quarter, our recycling businesses processed over 169,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 780,000 gallons of fuel, 425,000 gallons of waste oil, 340,000 tires, and 158,000 batteries. Importantly, every ton of new steel made from scrap steel feedstock conserves about 2,500 pounds of iron ore, 1,400 pounds of coal, and 120 pounds of limestone. As the global leader of recycled vehicles, during the second quarter we processed about 260,000 tons of scrap steel, which preserved significant levels of natural resources, reduced the demand for scarce landfill space, and played an important role in reducing air and water pollution. Now let's turn to Europe. As you're aware, when COVID initially hit Europe, many countries within the European Union closed their borders to non-essential travel and implemented severe lockdown measures to combat the virus. As a direct result, travel demand fell across Europe, resulting in fewer cars on the road, almost no traffic congestion, and a corresponding decline in the demand for service and repair parts. According to INRIX, a leading traffic analytics data provider, since the lowest point, every European country continued to increase the rate of miles driven throughout Q2, with 10 out of the 19 countries analyzed, getting back to pre-COVID levels of travel by mid-June. The pre-COVID levels of January and February reflect seasonal low points. So while up, on a pre-COVID basis, we are still below 2019 levels on a seasonally adjusted basis. That said it's good to be headed in the right direction. Organic revenue for parts and services for our European segment in the second quarter decreased 16.6%. As I stated on our Q1 call, not all regions were impacted by the COVID pandemic at the same time, or to the same degree, creating different growth profiles for each of our European businesses. This difference in growth continued in the second quarter as drivers began to get back on the road. Importantly, all of our European businesses experienced a recovery in May and June from the April lows, with Germany and the Netherlands recovering the fastest, and the UK, and Italy lagging. In Western Europe, early on Italy was the hardest hit by COVID. Looking at miles driven, Italy reached a low the week of March 23, with miles driven being down 76% relative to pre-COVID levels. Since its low, miles driven in Italy has grown at an average weekly growth rate of 14%, but slowed in the back half of June to just 8% weekly growth. Despite that growth and the recovery relative to pre-COVID levels in certain large markets, like Rome and Milan, miles driven are still down over 20% relative to their seasonally adjusted 2019 levels. In the UK miles driven reached below the week of April 6, with miles driven being down 74% relative to the pre-COVID levels. According to INRIX, the UK has the slowest recovery of miles driven out of the 19 countries studied and at the end of June was just at 67% of its pre-COVID level. Germany saw less of a reduction than Italy and the UK. Travel in Germany dropped to 40% of its pre-COVID level the week of March 30th and by the end of June, rebounded to 98% of pre-COVID levels. In light of the major economic crisis facing the auto industry due to the COVID pandemic, the European Automobile Manufacturers Association has radically revised its 2020 forecast for new passenger car registrations, expecting it to decrease by 25%. This effectively means that the industry association expects new car sales in the European Union to tumble by more than 3 million vehicles from 12.8 million units in 2019 to some 9.6 million units this year. These massive declines in new car sales will eventually lead to an older car park, which favors the aftermarket parts industry and will ultimately be good for LKQ. Lastly, on Europe, on May 31, STAHLGRUBER Holdings sold 100% of the shares of its telecommunications business called STAHLGRUBER Communication Center. While this was a small transaction, it again reinforces our ongoing commitment to rationalizing our European asset base in the divestiture of non-core businesses. Let's move on to Specialty. During the second quarter our Specialty segment had an organic revenue decline for parts and services of just 1.4%, performance well above our expectations. Importantly, when looking at April and May combined, Specialty witnessed a 10.4% organic revenue decline on a per day basis, with June exhibiting organic growth of 14.1% on a per day basis, a clear sign that April was the bottom. SEMA estimates that the impact of COVID, industry sales will likely be down 12% for the full-year 2020. But clearly, our Specialty segment is tracking far better when compared to this industry expectation. The RV side of the Specialty business showed particular strength during the back half of the quarter. We believe the surge in demand for RV-related parts and accessories is due to customers looking for safer and alternative forms of outdoor and leisure travel. According to Ipsos Research, 46 million Americans plan to take an RV trip within the next 12 months. In light of the COVID crisis, it's clear that RV travel and campaigns provides an appealing vacation option for families and their travel choices. The performance of our Specialty segment in the second quarter underscores the fact that the segment is far less cyclical than we believe the market appreciates. This quarter also highlights the point that even when many consumers scale back or delay non-essential purchases, vehicle and RV enthusiasts will always find a way to keep pursuing their passion. On the supply chain front, we are generally in a good position. The salvage options are a little thin and prices were up a bit. But overall, there were no major issues. Our self-service business was having some difficulty finding an adequate level of vehicles at reasonable prices earlier in the quarter, as some of the city impounds were closed and open street purchase volumes were down. But over the last few weeks, purchase volumes have rebounded. And our remanufacturing business has experienced some tightness in the supply chain with respect to some domestically sourced parts that are needed to rebuild engines and transmissions. In Europe, we have seen a few warning signs with respect to the availability of certain products from select suppliers. But we're leveraging our pan-European network to move inventory to where it's needed. And in the Specialty segment, the combination of certain suppliers being closed early in the quarter because of the pandemic, and the surprisingly strong industry demand, has created a bit of a backlog situation. Our strong inventory position coming into the pandemic has been an advantage for Specialty and we're working to rebuild our inventories to avoid any potential stockouts. So where do we go from here? We have clearly benefited from a solid rebound in demand during the quarter. As noted by the detail on Page 5 of our presentation, revenue of our North American and European businesses were down just 14% and 8% respectively on a year-over-year basis in the month of June compared to being down 34% and 29% respectively in April. That said, the pace of improvement has slowed materially, and progress in the first few weeks of July has stalled, as we have experienced slight revenue declines on a week-over-week basis, with the year-over-year declines widening. Specialty is still up a bit in July compared to last year, but not at the same level of June. Hopefully this is just a temporary setback, but with the wave of outbreaks occurring around the globe, the range of outcomes for the back half of the year is still wide and uncertain. Here in the United States, the uptick in positive test results in many states, including Florida, Texas, and California has prompted reversals of several economic reopening plans, and even cities that have managed to suppress the virus are taking precautions. Those reversals, including widespread decisions to move forward with virtual schooling, could negatively impact mobility and put pressure on our ability to attract adequate labor. In the second quarter, the recovery benefited from the CARES Act which injected trillions of dollars into households and businesses somewhat offsetting the economic impact of widespread closures. As key components of that law begin to phase out, we may start to truly see the potential impacts of the rapid uptick in unemployment making the view for the balance of the year even foggier. While it is difficult to predict, we do not anticipate getting back to 2019 revenue levels in our North American and European segments until sometime in 2021, meaning continued negative revenue comparisons to 2019 levels over the back half of the year. The Specialty business should track prior-year revenue levels in the third and fourth quarters. As to our profits and cash flow, we exited the second quarter at levels that are not sustainable. As reported, we leaned on our people hard at the start of Q2, placing thousands on furlough and having most all salaried personnel taking a 10% to 20% reduction in pay. We have reversed those downward adjustments and moved forward with normal merit increases beginning in Q3, albeit on a delayed basis. In addition the majority of those furloughed are now back on the payroll, so we can serve the current level of demand. On the cash flow front, we have been very effective in turning our inventory into cash and taken advantage of tax payment holidays. But we will ultimately need to replenish our inventory levels to sustain this renewed level of revenue and pay our taxes. That said we do anticipate achieving permanent productivity improvements in terms of margins and working capital across our businesses. And at this point, I will turn the call over to Varun.
Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. When we reported our first quarter results in April, we were facing a great deal of uncertainty about how the pandemic would play out across the globe. We spent the last few months operating in a very volatile environment, making plans and adapting those plans for the rapidly changing conditions. While the detailed actions shifted over time, we did not waver in our key objective to protect our employees, the communities in which we operate and the business. In my remarks, I'll discuss the actions we took to manage the business during the second quarter, and to position the company for ongoing success to eventually emerge even stronger. So before I get into this topic, I will cover the financial highlights from our second quarter. As Nick described, the negative impact of COVID-19 on revenue was not as severe as our internal forecasts suggested as we entered the quarter. The favorable revenue outcome combined with the benefits of aggressive cost reductions produced a solid profitability and cash flow result for the quarter. It takes a special set of circumstances for me to describe roughly 20% decreases in segment EBITDA dollars and adjusted diluted EPS as a solid result. We know that quarter-over-quarter comparisons are difficult as a result of the COVID-19 impact on 2020. When revenue declined by $622 million, a decrease in profitability in dollar terms is inevitable. Since growth didn't make sense as a benchmark, we had to think differently about what defines success in this environment. We challenged our field teams to drive margin improvement and be as efficient as possible in operating their businesses. And when we look to the segment EBITDA percentage as an indication of their abilities to scale the business model and achieve leverage when revenue declined. With the level of fixed and hybrid costs in the business, maintaining the segment EBITDA margin in a period of falling revenue is a significant accomplishment. Our segments rose to the challenge and the second quarter with North America and Specialty reporting quarter-over-quarter improvements and Europe finishing within 30 basis points of 2019. A large portion of the favorable result is attributable to an earlier revenue recovery than anticipated, though our segment teams deserve a lot of credit for delivering on the cost savings initiatives by taking swift and decisive action. As you'll see on Slide 17, North America achieved a segment EBITDA margin of 14.8% or 40 basis points better than a year-ago. This improvement is driven by a 110 basis point growth in adjusted gross margin attributable to the positive impact of cost reductions in COGS from right sizing actions, higher precious metals prices, as well as other margin improvement actions. Other income produced an incremental 50 basis points from business interruption proceeds received in the quarter related to a prior fire loss. Overhead expenses were 120 basis points higher than the prior-year primarily due to the leverage impact from the quarter-over- quarter revenue decline. Higher bad debt expense of $5 million contributed to a 40 basis points uptick to the higher overhead percentage. In dollar terms, overhead expenses were down $81 million year-on-year. On Slide 20, you'll note Europe's segment EBITDA margin of 7.4% represented a 30 basis point decrease relative to 2019. Adjusted gross margin improved by 100 basis points, going to margin improvement initiatives, including cost offsets in COGS and reduced inventory write-downs. Overhead expenses were unfavorable by 110 basis points primarily due to higher bad debt expense of $10 million or 80 basis points, and the negative leverage effect on fixed costs from lower revenue. Specialty on Slide 23 reported a segment EBITDA margin of 12.9%, a 20 basis point increase relative to the prior-year. Gross margin declined by 120 basis points due to primarily unfavorable mix effects related to both channel and product. Overhead expenses were favorable by 150 basis points attributable to personnel cost actions taken over the prior 12 months. Unlike the other segments, the leverage impact was nominal, as organic revenue declined by just 1.4%. At a consolidated level, restructuring expenses totaled $31 million with $6 million of inventory write-downs recorded in cost of goods sold. The restructuring charges relates to our ongoing programs to eliminate underperforming assets and cost inefficiencies. Benefits of the programs are already being realized and are projected to reach the full-year run rate benefit early next year. Net interest expense decreased by $10 million due to lower average debt level and a lower average interest rate. This variance continues to reflect the excellent work our global teams are doing to generate cash, which has been used to pay down debt in the trailing 12 months of approximately $800 million. We also benefited from the redemption of a 4.75% U.S. senior note in January of 2020 financing it with cash and borrowings from lower cost facilities. With the year-to-date debt pay down, the early reduction of the U.S. senior notes has been fully neutralized. Last quarter, we stated that we expected volatility in the tax rate this year, given the potential for varying outcomes in our full-year results. We certainly saw that volatility in the second quarter. Our effective tax rate was 25.7% for the quarter, which included a 200 basis point decrease compared to the annual effective rate used in the first quarter. The rate change resulted in a $0.02 per share pickup positive effect on adjusted diluted EPS for the year-to-date adjustment to the provision. The rate decrease is primarily attributable to the impact of higher projected full-year pre-tax income and geographic mix benefits. We expect the tax rate on the full-year basis to be approximately 28%, a little bit higher than our original guidance of 27.5%. Operating cash flows was $718 million, a 56% increase over the same period in 2019. Free cash flow of $686 million was a 66% improvement over the prior-year leading to a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.2 times based on our credit facility definitions. We used our free cash flow to repay $552 million of debt in the quarter. Listen, under normal circumstances, these would be exceptional numbers. Under the present circumstances, I believe these are amazing numbers. The second quarter operating cash flow figure is higher than every annual figure in the company's history, with the exception of last year. Granted, there were non-recurring benefits in the second quarter numbers, such as the tax deferrals that will largely unwind in the second half of the year. So to generate this level of cash during a period of lower productivity and higher degree of uncertainty is truly remarkable. These results were made possible by the decisive actions that we took since mid-March to protect the business from the COVID-19 disruption. I'm now going to expand on what we've done to-date to protect our business and our plans for the remainder of the year. In my remarks last quarter, I stated that our focus would be on what we could control. That is, one, reducing costs to reflect the new level of market demand; and two, continuing the focus on generating cash flow and ensuring adequate liquidity. I believe the numbers we've reported for Q2 support that we were successful in both objectives. Regarding the cost actions, we focused on three areas: personnel-related actions, variable cost decreases that follow from lower projected revenue, and third, other cost takeouts including route consolidations, branch rationalizations, and elimination of non-mission critical spending. We had estimated that the cost reductions would be $80 million to $90 million if revenues were down 40% to 45%. Looking at Slide 6, you can see that we reduced our quarterly SG&A expenses by 18% or $162 million, sequentially, while revenue declined 12% sequentially from Q1, thus creating a leveraged benefit from our overhead expenses. As expected, the majority of the benefits came from personnel costs actions, including furloughs, reductions in force and salary cuts. We generated roughly a further $10 million in cost savings in COGS, again largely related to personnel expenses. The total savings for the quarter of approximately $175 million was lower than the quarterly run rate savings we mentioned last quarter as a result of a couple of factors. First, we paid out vacation balances and medical benefits for our furloughed employees in April and thus did not realize the full benefit of the cost actions that month. This was anticipated and communicated 90-days ago. Second, and more importantly, the projected revenue decreases of 40% to 45% did not materialize. So our variable cost decline was lower than expected, as we brought back some of our workforce earlier than anticipated due to the revenue recovery. We were happy to put our people back to work as revenue increased and we still managed through quick and decisive actions to drive SG&A expenses to 28.1% of revenue compared to 30% in Q1 of 2020. This type of leverage was significantly better than what we have modeled at the start of the quarter, and is a testament to the strength of our team, and the resilience of the business model. Outside of a significant year-over-year increase in bad debt expenses of $14 million caused by the economic conditions facing our customers, we are pleased with the trend in our overhead expense management, and believe that we are delivering on our plan as evidenced by the results achieved in the second quarter. To be clear, not all these cost benefits are sustainable as we transition into the second half of the year. Some of the cost actions, as Nick mentioned, including temporary salary reductions, bypassed merit awards, and government reimbursements will begin to fall-off in July. We do not expect to go back to the pre-COVID cost structure as our teams have done terrific work during the pandemic to identify productivity opportunities that can be sustained going forward and we'll be very judicious in how we return costs to the business so we do not get ahead of the revenue recovery. Switching over to liquidity. While we felt comfortable with our position in April, we decided that strengthening our balance sheet would be a critical element of riding out the COVID-19 disruption and positioning the company for long-term success, as the duration of the health crisis was and remains broken ended. As a result, we focused on preserving cash by implementing an action plan that included reductions in inventory replenishment rates to reflect demand projections, active monitoring of customer receivables and terms, continuation of the European vendor financing program, and approximate 40% reduction or more than $100 million deferral on growth driven and non-mission critical capital projects, tax payment deferrals were allowable, and a hold in our share repurchase program, in addition to the cost savings measures. Each of these items generated benefits in the quarter. We scaled back inventory purchases and produced an operating cash inflow from this element of $453 million in the quarter. Our focus on collecting receivables led to a net inflow for the quarter of $59 million. The vendor financing program over in Europe had a minor impact for the quarter, but saw an increase of supplier participation, which will yield future benefits. Capital spending decreased approximately 30% compared to Q2 of the prior-year, and income tax payments and other tax deferrals such as VAT created approximately $175 million to $185 million in cash savings in the quarter. We didn't repurchase any LKQ stock and the resulting free cash flow was used to repay debt, which will yield ongoing interest expense savings apart from increasing our overall liquidity. During the second half, we get back some of the timing-related benefits. Most importantly, we plan to increase our inventory levels to support the service and fill rate requirements of our businesses based on the better revenue projection in the balance of year. While we expect to be able to operate effectively at a lower inventory balance than we exited 2019, the June figure is not sustainable for us to maintain our service levels based on what we've seen currently and coming off the low points in late March and early April. The income and other tax deferrals have already started to reverse in July, as we made our estimated U.S. federal tax payments and will largely unwind in Q3 and Q4. We expect to generate positive free cash flow in the second half though not at a level close to what we've achieved in the first half of the year. Relative to March 31, our liquidity position is significantly stronger to the cash generation in the second quarter, and the amendment to our credit facility executed in the quarter. Total liquidity defined as cash plus availability on our credit facilities was $2.5 billion as of the end of June, an increase of almost $700 million compared to 90-days ago. You recall that we amended our credit facility out of an abundance of caution to reduce the risk of reaching the net leverage covenant if the pandemic had a severe and extended effect on profitability. Our internal models had suggested that we would be able to meet our payment obligations through the pandemic, though there was a risk that we might exceed the maximum four times net leverage ratio in a severe downside case. However, the debt repayments during the quarter drove a reduction in the net leverage ratio to 2.2 times compared to a maximum net leverage requirement currently in force of almost five times. With the amendment, and the better than forecasted performance in the second quarter, we believe, we have significantly reduced the risk of a covenant breach on the net leverage. From a capital allocation perspective, our focus remains unchanged, especially as the fog owing to the pandemic is yet to lift. Apart from continuing to invest in our business by continuing to deliver industry-leading fill rates, service reliability, geographic footprint, and warranty on our products, to extend our leadership position in the markets we serve, we plan to continue to pay down debt and the share repurchase plan remains suspended. Finally, when we withdrew full-year guidance in March, we cited the uncertainty regarding the impact that COVID would have on the world. Four months later that uncertainty is still present, especially with respect to the duration and long-term effects of the pandemic, and the range of potential outcomes is wide. While our solid Q2 results are behind us with several learnings for our teams on what is possible, there is a risk to the second half with a spike in cases and the lingering possibility for a stall or a rollback in the reopening of economies across North America and Europe. As a result, we're not providing financial outlook for fiscal 2020 at this time. However, we expect the following elements for 2020 on a full-year basis. One, effective tax rate for the year in a range of 27.5% to 28.5%, interest expense of $95 million to $105 million, depreciation and amortization of approximately $265 million to $275 million on a GAAP basis and $165 million to $175 million on an adjusted basis, which excludes amortization of acquired intangibles. And finally, we believe we have sufficient liquidity and flexibility to meet the needs of our business, and will deliver yet another excellent performance in free cash flow for the full-year of a minimum of $700 million. This recognizes the fact as I mentioned a few minutes ago that income tax payments and other tax deferrals such as VAT created approximately $175 million to $185 million in cash savings in Q2, and will largely unwind in the second half. With that, I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing comments.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. In closing it is clear that our focus on profitable growth, enhanced margins, and better free cash flow generation positioned us well as we entered this unexpected turn of events. Our teams have been agile and have done a fantastic job of tackling the cost structure and delivered with tenacious focus this quarter generating solid margin and free cash flow in the midst of a negative growth environment. What we can focus on is to hear and now and address the dynamics that we can effectively control. And that focus was validated by our second quarter results. In my continued communication with our broader employee base, I have indicated we will get through this together and come out a stronger, wiser, and better positioned organization that continues to be LKQ proud. Clearly, our teams across the globe have embraced this message, and for that, I am thankful and proud of each and everyone's efforts to carry our mission forward, regardless of the hurdles presented. The global teams have done a terrific job of responding to the conditions created by the pandemic, and I'm highly confident in their ability to continue to create successful outcomes. Lastly, I want to announce that we will be hosting our third Investor Day, the morning of September 10, and we look forward to your participation. Given the pandemic, this will be a virtual event, and we will issue a press release in the coming weeks with details for this session with our broader global leadership team. Operator, we're now ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question this morning comes from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, thank you. So I just want to make sure I understood, Nick, your comment about this June ended at down about an 8% but July is seeing some leveling a little pullback. So the way we should think about this is 3Q is probably not as good as June, but it's clearly better than 2Q?
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Michael, and thanks for the question. Absolutely as I mentioned in June, the organic revenue trends were down 14% for North America, 8% for Europe, and up 14% for Specialty. And indeed based on what we've seen thus far, July has given up a bit in both North America and Europe, and even more so in Specialty. So if the current trends persist, you'd be looking at an environment where North America is probably off 15% or so, Europe off 10%, and Specialty being flat with last year. We would hope, obviously, that the world will make continued progress, both in terms of controlling the virus and opening the economies. But right now, there's little hard evidence that that's going to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Benjamin from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Benjamin: Varun, you gave obviously very tremendous cost cutting initiatives that came into place in the second quarter. And you walked through a lot of those are going to kind of reverse some as we get to the 3Q, can you kind of walk us through what we would expect to be sustainable at these new revenue levels as we look to 3Q from the cost cutting initiatives?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely, Stephanie, good morning. And thank you for the question. I think that is a very, very relevant question to ask. And as you kind of go back in terms of 90 days ago, when we were talking about how we were seeing Q2 play out and really what actions we had initiated, it was the key parameter there was what level of demand we would be seeing. So long story short, it really depends on the level of demand recovery though, we are clearly focused on retaining savings through operational efficiencies. And frankly as we all learn to do more with less. So for example, in the second quarter while we had roadmapped a significantly higher cost management set of actions, it was predicated by revenue levels being done 40% to 45%. And that's what the $80 million to $90 million was related to on a monthly basis. We ended up 19% down, so about 50% to 60% better than what we had initially anticipated. Though I think from a cost takeout perspective in the second quarter, we certainly pushed hard and not just on the income statement from a cost management perspective, but also obviously on the balance sheet that you've noted. So as you kind of think through on -- for the remainder of the year, it all depends on the level of demand recovery that we see. And then clearly, as you know, we have a restructuring program that's currently underway. And that really will be permanent cost savings in any case. So later 2019, and then also at the end of Q1, we had called out restructuring charges. Those are proceeding as expected really the full run rate comes towards the back end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Nick Zarcone: Gary, good morning. I don't think we can hear you. You may be on mute.
Operator: And --
Gary Prestopino: Can you hear me now, right?
Operator: Yes.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, we can hear you now, Gary, yes.
Gary Prestopino: I'm sorry about that. You said you had, I want to just get back to these expense reductions. You said you had about $80 million permanently in North America that you think you're going to keep, I think I jotted that down as you were talking; is that correct?
Nick Zarcone: That is correct, Gary. Again, that's a combination of people of France closing some facilities, getting rid of some excess distribution assets, and like.
Gary Prestopino: And then just very quickly --
Nick Zarcone: And that's an annual number, Gary.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. So that has 80 out of the 162, so far, that's quantifiable because just picking up on the prior question, Varun, you kind of danced around that a little bit. And I think, in this kind of environment, we just -- we're trying to get a handle on what exactly is going to be permanent and what isn't? And then just real secondly, could you just maybe give us an idea of what the situation is in Europe in terms of economy still being locked down or are they at a better stage than we are in the U.S. or still behind us?
Nick Zarcone: I'll take the back half of that question. And indeed, the European economies are more open than the United States. And I think you've seen that in some of the miles driven differences, fuel consumption, and the like. That said, I mean, we have seen some spikes in Europe in particular cities or particular countries. So the virus is not gone from the European landscape. Obviously, you're probably well aware of what's happening in this country with incredible spikes, both in positive cases and fatalities in many, many states in the U.S., so there's pretty big regional differences here in the U.S., but taken as a whole Europe is doing better than we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: On the U.S. collision business where you seem to be really outperforming the repairable claims number, could you give us any color as to what might be driving that? Is that a share gain against alternative, other alternative parts or increased alternative parts within the repair mix?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, there's not one magic bullet there, Bret. The reality is CCC repairable claims down 44% our volumes in North America is down 22%, so obviously good outperformance. We think there are a bunch of different contributing factors. First, the OEs were shut down for several weeks. Both their manufacturing facilities and many of their dealers were also closed for a few weeks as well. So if you can't get an OE parked to the shops, they tended to then go to alternative part usage. So just like the GM strike helped us in the fourth quarter of 2019, we believe, there was some, not a huge but some benefit from the OE disruptions caused by the pandemic here in the second quarter. Obviously, we remained open, and we had high levels of inventory and we're eager to serve all of the customers who are looking for parts. Keep in mind that half of the salvage business is really mechanical parts as opposed to collision parts. And there's no doubt that the mechanical parts performed better during the quarter. And our remanufacturing business which really sells remand engines and transmissions was particularly strong in the second quarter. And then self-service which normally doesn't get a lot of fanfare, actually performed quite well. They had year-over-year increases with admissions, the number of people actually paying to come into our yards, and in the revenue from selling parts, well both those metrics being up on a year-over-year basis. So just want to re-emphasize that negative growth in 2020, if the sector returns to 2019 levels, probably sometime in 2021, we're going to show really solid year-over-year growth but off of a low base in 2020. And probably not going to be sometime until 2022 until we have a true apples-to-apples comparison. While you then ask it longer-term we do not see the pandemic it's causing a fundamental shift in the organic growth in our industry. Again while there will be couple of years of not having good apples-to-apples comparison, we think that the core attractiveness of alternative parts stays firmly in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey Nick, good to hear from you. Obviously the pandemic is the big story on the quarter. But I'd love to hear about your progress on 1 LKQ Europe, whether it comes down to procurement or skew reduction or route optimization, just love to hear what you're doing on that front?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, absolutely correct. We believe that the core operational efficiencies identified and communicated to the market last September are still valid and achievable. We obviously did not anticipate the pandemic that was going to have such a profound impact on our demand. So while the longer-term benefits will be achieved, the exact timing and sequencing of all those various initiatives that we set forth back in September will likely shift around a bit. Some of the items are getting pulled forward while other items are getting pushed back. As we talked about, in September right, a number of the items that we had on the drawing boards, and we're working towards really involved the point groups of our existing employees, work-in project teams to come together in a really collaborative fashion and to work on projects in addition to their day jobs. Given the travel restrictions and the need to have 120% of everyone's focus on dealing with the issues caused by the pandemic, some of those project teams quite frankly were put on the sidelines during the second quarter because it was more important to focus on here and now as opposed to margin improvements over the next two to three years. I'm happy to say, effective July 1, all those project teams are back up and running. They're a little bit behind original schedule, but they're back up and running. Some of the items like procurement, which you highlighted we've seen the starting point shift because of the pandemic. When your volume of parts purchased fall by 15% to 20%, because of the pandemic, we have some pretty serious discussions to be had with our suppliers. We think ultimately, it's all going to come back in line, but the timing may be off a little bit. But rest assured we believe there's still 300 basis points of margin improvement in Europe. And that was based on a starting point of around 8% EBITDA margins right. The pandemic has not only compressed the revenue, but obviously there was negative leverage, as a result of the fact that some of our costs are fixed in nature. So we're really driving forward on two fronts. One is to get the starting point back to that 8% level, and then, second, to get the benefits of all the discrete initiatives that we identified as part of the 1 LKQ program. So we're going to be working hard on both fronts. On France, our CEO of Europe is going to be joining us on Investor Day, this coming September 10. And part of his presentation will cover a very detailed update on the 1 LKQ program but hopefully that gives you a little bit of sense as to where we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, thanks guys. I appreciate all the color this morning.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Wanted to follow-up on something I think you mentioned last quarter, Varun, just the competitive backdrop. Obviously, we've seen some smaller bankruptcies across Europe. I'm sure some of your competitors in North America are struggling and you're gaining share there. But how is the competitive landscape shifting, are prices going higher? Are you seeing it easier to push those through? Any kind of update there you can provide?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, I think it's a great question. And again -- it again --is -- given the pandemic that's sweeping through; there are a bunch of puts and takes that are coming through. So for example, in North America, when this kind of started off, call it end of March, beginning of April, for example, there were a number of businesses that kind of closed their doors, simply put, because they were kind of stay-in-shelter items or measures, same thing over in Europe also. Then we did see in North America, for example, when the CARES Act, the PPP came out, we saw a number of our competitors reopen their doors, and they were out there open for business and so again that that kind of competitive landscape picked up. But if you think about, where our North America business ended up coming through with revenue declines versus say what the CCC data would state, we've significantly outperformed what the metrics that they should be measured against are. And again, there are a number of different elements. But the one key element that I'll share with you is, as we know that OEMs were closed for a certain period of time in the second quarter, a number of the dealerships were closed also in the second quarter for a certain period of time and hence the parts departments. LKQ have being an essential business was open, and when customers needed parts, guess who they called. And this is really where the resiliency of the LKQ model comes through in terms of having a phenomenal geographic footprint, the service reliability, and an unmatched breadth and depth of inventory. So that kind of played out in the second quarter. And as I said, when we had the GM strike, call it in the back end of last year in many ways you kind of make your own destiny and that's how the North America team has been incredibly agile and nimble. Across the pond in Europe, similar situation. It is a very fragmented market out there. But as you know, we have market leadership positions in several markets. And out there also our team's done outstanding job, both in terms of having the availability and also being open to business where they were allowed to do so. So we believe we did kind of take share over in Europe. But again, it's very difficult to get numbers from a European perspective to be able to direct you in terms of what level of gain share took place out there. And then, finally, for our Specialty business, we know, for example, those of us in the U.S., we love the outdoors, the RV market has been doing incredibly well. A number of our suppliers who kind of reported over the past few days have also kind of reported strong demand coming through. And again, it kind of goes back to saying how is it that what folks thought would be perhaps one of the most in a cyclical business in an economic downturn is performing so well. And it really comes back to folks have a certain level of income that kind of put aside, either going out, watching concerts, going to movies, traveling. And as those activities have been curtailed, folks have really gone forward in kind of living out that passion. And that really is what we've seen. So again, from that perspective that business has done incredibly well and kind of being the market leader in what we do on the Specialty side. We know we've done incredibly well out there also. So I hope that kind of gives you a good overview across each of our segments in terms of what the market landscape is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thanks for coming back to me. So in the EU, there's this mandatory requirement to do safety inspections and they kind of have programmatic timing and when that happens, what's your thoughts about how much -- what happened in 2Q with some of that as opposed to we just were driving more?
Nick Zarcone: It depends on the timing of the quarter. Clearly, Michael in April, the mandatory inspections were not unilaterally, but many, many countries were put on a temporary hold as each of the governments was trying to figure out how to deal with the pandemic, right. And getting your car inspected wasn't the highest priority at the time. By time you got to the back end of the quarter, many of those temporary delays in the inspection process were removed. And so folks were absolutely having to get their cars and to get inspected to get their registrations renewed and the like. So that was a little bit of it. But there's no doubt that miles driven has come back very significantly in Europe. I mean whether Italy from being down 74% at one point in time to today probably being down 10% to 15%, 20%. That's a huge recovery. Germany going from down 40% at its low to maybe being down 10% today. So, there's no doubt that the recovery miles driven probably the largest factor in driving the revenue, particularly in the back half of the quarter.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session for today. And I will now turn the call back to Nick Zarcone for concluding remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well, as always, we greatly appreciate the time and attention that you've given us here this morning. Hopefully, the information provided gives you a good sense of what's going on here at LKQ. And importantly, we look to continue the discussion, the morning of September 10, when we have our Analyst Day. Again that will be a virtual format. It will run probably the better part of five hours or so. And we'll have all of the operating heads of our businesses from across the globe as part of the lineup for the presentation. So we can go in-depth on each of the three businesses, as well as hit the high points from a corporate perspective, a strategy perspective, and a financial perspective. So we look forward to sharing that with you in September. And again, we thank you for your time and attention here this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for joining LKQ Corporate’s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Joe Boutros, LKQ’s Vice President of Investor Relations.
Joe Boutros: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ’s first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I’m happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the first quarter, discuss the revenue headwinds we are facing in each of our segments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, provide an overview of the actions we are taking during this very challenging time, and finally describe some of the fallouts our industry is experiencing. Varun will dive into the financials with a key focus on the leverage we are pulling across the entire organization to right size the cost structure and maximize cash flow. He will also discuss our liquidity and the strength of our balance sheet before I come back with a few closing comments. Clearly a lot has changed in the last 60 days as we face this humanitarian tragedy. Our hearts go out to all those impacted by the virus both at LKQ and the population at large. The global effort to combat the virus would not be possible without those on the frontline; doctors, nurses, first responders, and all those putting themselves at risk to serve their communities and the communities where LKQ operates across the globe. For that, I extend a big thank you and offer sincere appreciation from the LKQ family to those individuals for their heroic services. Taken as a whole, we got off to a great start in 2020 and are pleased with our first quarter results. In order to understand the first quarter activity, one needs to separate the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period of January and February from the month of March. Through February, each of our segments were in line or ahead of our revenue and profit expectations. The efforts by governments around the world have flattened the infection curve and slow the spread of the virus through social distancing, self-isolation, shelter-at-home orders and the like have had a profound negative impact on mobility and miles driven. While auto repairs and related parts supply has generally been deemed an essential service, and we have continued to serve the needs of our customers, activity levels at the repair shops in North America and Europe has dropped precipitously. The speed at which the economic fallout from the virus prevention measures has impacted all industries, reflects a rate never seen before. It was like operating within two completely separate economies during a single quarter. We clearly lost operating leverage in March with the speed of the revenue decline outpacing our ability to reduce costs. I’m going to use adjusted earnings per share as the proxy. The February year-to-date adjusted earnings per share was up over 20% relative to the same period in 2019, while the month of March was down by more than 27% despite having an additional selling day. I will quickly address the Q1 results and then provide some detail on the revenue trends for each of our reporting segments during the first few weeks of April. As noted on Slide 11, total revenue for the first quarter was $3 billion, reflecting a 3.2% decrease from the level recorded in the comparable period of 2019. Global parts and services organic revenue declined 3.5% in the first quarter and 4.7% on a per day basis. The primary driver for this decrease was a 13.9% per day organic revenue decline in the month of March when all the stay at home mandates began to take effect. From an earnings per share perspective, the first quarter results were solid with diluted EPS on a GAAP basis of $0.48 compared to $0.31 last year. On an adjusted basis, diluted EPS was $0.57 compared to $0.56 or a 2% increase. With the negative impact of COVID-19 on the March 2020 monthly result, we believe showing any year-over-year growth is an achievement and it’s a testament to the strength of our business coming into 2020. Now on to the segments. As witnessed during the financial crisis from 2007 to 2009, the automotive aftermarket is fairly recession resistant, exhibiting a decline of only 1% during a period that saw new car sales fall by 42%. Miles driven during that period declined less than 3%, but what we are witnessing today is entirely different. As you will note from Slide 10, organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment in the first quarter declined 4.2% or 5.6% on a per day basis. Looking solely at January and February, North America organic revenue was down 1.1%, but the majority of that negative movement reflecting our decision to terminate the FCA battery contract in the fourth quarter of last year and to a lesser amount due to a very warm winter season. CCC estimates that collision and liability-related repairable claims in the first two months of 2020 were down about 4%, so we continued to outperform the market as a whole. During March, we experienced organic revenue declines of 13.9% on a per day basis, with most of that coming in the back half of the month compared to a CCC estimate for repairable claims in the month of March being down by approximately 20%. For the entire quarter, the 4.2% organic decline was significantly less than the 9.9% decrease in collision and liability-related auto claims reported by CCC for the first quarter as a whole. I’d like to highlight that over the last 44 quarters through the full year 2019, our North American segment has only witnessed two quarters of negative growth, a track record we are very proud of. I would also like to highlight that despite the revenue decline, EBITDA margins in North America hit a high of 16% in Q1. The organic revenue decline for parts and services for our European segment in the first quarter was 3.4% or 4.5% on a per day basis. Again, this was mostly related to a 10.3% or 13.7% per day decline in the month of March. Importantly, not all regions were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, at the same time creating a different growth profile for each of our European businesses in the quarter. Italy was the first country to report a significant number of COVID-19 cases and the first to lockdown the mobility of its citizens, particularly in the heavily industrialized areas in the northern part of the country. We saw an immediate impact on our Italian sourced revenue in the last week of February and the first week of March. The UK on the other hand, did not issue stay at home orders until later in the month and revenue was in line with budget until the week of March 23, when it began a steep decline. Lastly, during the first quarter, our Specialty segment had an organic revenue decline for parts and services of 1.4% or 2.9% on a per day basis. Importantly, when looking at January and February combined, specialty witnessed a 4.3% organic revenue growth rate with March declining 11%. It’s important to look at the January and February performance in isolation given many were concerned that the weakness – specialty witnessed in the fourth quarter would persist and clearly that was not the case as we started 2020 very strong. I’d also like to acknowledge and congratulate our specialty team being ranked the number one national RV parts distributor to do business with. And number one for having the fastest delivery in the industry, both according to RV Pro’s annual dealer survey. While Q1 results were reasonably strong, our industry certainly left the quarter on a very soft note and the first few weeks of April were even weaker. So where is the activity level in our industry and for our company? According to a report published by McKinsey & Company, during the week of March 17, the headwinds from social distancing reduced miles driven in the United States by 40% to 50% and accident frequency was down by up to 60% in certain key markets. Also consumer surveys conducted by McKinsey show that U.S. households are trying to reduce their trips by roughly 50% with 45% of the respondents expecting to delay any auto repair servicing. INRIX, which provides vehicle traffic and parking data and analytics, reported that across the 98 metropolitan areas it is currently tracking total travel during the week of April 4 was down 51% from what it was in the corresponding week in February. In addition, the U.S. Energy Information Administration has indicated gasoline conception declined 50% from mid March to April 3. Further evidence of low volumes in the last month alone, the top five U.S. auto insurance carriers have given over $6 billion in rebates to their policy holders because of the dramatic drop in accident frequency from lower miles driven, which are pushing insurance loss costs lower. Snapsheet an automatic insurance claims processor that works with 85 different insurance carriers reported that collusion-related claims in late March were down 40% to 50%, which could possibly be the bottom of the business in the last 50 years. The 40% to 50% drop in claims and repair volume was echoed in a March 27 press release by The Boyd Group, which was one of the largest MSOs in the collision repair industry. While Service King, another large MSO issued a release on April 15, indicating they had closed 40 of their repair facilities due to low demand. Europe is also witnessing similar headwinds. According to an Apple Mobility trends report during the first three weeks of April, driving declined over 50% in our top five European markets. With that as a backdrop, it should be no surprise that during the month of April, our daily revenue has been trending about 40% below 2019 levels. In North America, salvage revenue has been closer to the 35% down mark with recycled engines and transmissions performing better than collision parts. Aftermarket collision parts is down more than 40%, while glass and paint are down about 42% and 36% respectively. In Europe, the revenue declines in April vary by region with our operations in Germany and Central and Eastern Europe reflecting declines of approximately 25%, the Benelux region being down about 40%, the UK being down 50% and Italy being down over 60%. When taken together for the month of April, we are trending about 40% below last year. Our specialty unit started the month down 40% compared to last year, the last week saw an uptick in activity and April will likely come down 30%. The main question all businesses are facing is how long these conditions will process. And frankly, the answer is impossible to predict. What we can focus on is to hear and now and address the dynamics that we can effectively control. Governments around the globe are trying to figure out both when and how to reopen their economies. When the lockdown measures are lifted, we do believe vehicles will start getting back on the road, but we don’t anticipate miles driven will snap back to pre-COVID-19 levels immediately. Over the past week, we have seen slight increases in activity in most of our businesses relative to earlier in April, but those upticks are relative to the recent lows and it’s too early to determine whether they are sustainable. There is significant uncertainty in the market, but we are working under the assumption that these depressed levels will persist through a good part of Q2 with demand beginning to see a modest rebound in Q3 and heading towards more normalized levels in Q4, but likely not back to 100% until sometime in 2021. As the pandemic began to accelerate and governments began to implement public safety measures, it was apparent that our mode of operation also needed to change because of the health and safety of our teams, our customers and suppliers. Almost immediately across our global footprint every major operation developed a COVID-19 response team to share ideas and stay informed. Each of our segments has a group responsible for pushing valuable information throughout the tranche and for helping to ensure we are maintaining a safe workplace. Our efforts related to enhanced hygiene and sanitation, social distancing and the use of PPE all has an impact on productivity, but it’s the right thing to do. Simultaneous with these enhanced safety efforts and as soon as revenue began to fall, we started to aggressively attack our cost structure. We have initiated a variety of headcounts actions, including the elimination of our overtime and temporary workers, extensive employee furloughs, permanent reductions in our workforce, decreased hours for many still on the payroll and participating in some of the social programs offered to employers in several European countries. Through these various efforts, as of last Friday, we hit effectively neutralize the cost of over 16,750 employees. Said another way, in a matter of few short weeks, we have largely removed the cost of approximately one-third of our global workforce. The numbers are both staggering and incredibly painful, particularly for a company that believes our biggest asset is our people. The payroll related items in aggregate represent our single largest SG&A expense category. So these very difficult decisions were necessary to protect the long-term health of our company. In addition to the head count adjustments, we have also instituted salary reductions effective in April, eliminate most all discretionary non-mission critical spending, instituted a ban on business travel, accelerated the pace of branch closures both temporary and permanent and focused on the overall efficiency of our distribution networks and routes structures across each segment. When viewed on a company wide basis, over the past few weeks between our concerted actions and normal variable elements, the cost footprint of our company has been temporarily reduced by $80 million to $90 million per month, reflecting an annualized run rate of approximately $1 billion. While we don’t anticipate actually saving $1 billion as we will need to bring our people back onto the payroll and add cost back into the business as volumes begin to return to pre-COVID-19 levels, it highlights the magnitude of the cost adjustments we’ve made. With respect to the 1 LKQ effort in Europe, the new revenue environment has required us to hit the pause button on some elements of the program, like the new ERP deployment, which was going to require a large team of people to be in Italy, the location of our next deployment. We have also delayed some of the other organizational changes. We have however, accelerated some other programs such as the rationalization of some of our branches, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe. With revenue running at just 60%, our pre-COVID-19 levels, it’s virtually impossible to gauge the near-term benefits of the 1 LKQ Europe program, but we remain convinced it is the right long-term strategy for our business. Varun will provide more detail on the cost saving initiatives in a few minutes. When COVID-19 first surfaced in China back in January, the immediate concern was the potential impact on the world supply chain. I am happy to report that our supply chain is intact. We have not experienced any major disruptions in terms of inventory shortages or stock outs. Indeed, we started 2020 with a high level of inventory as we headed into the seasonally strong selling period. We have been working with our suppliers to secure full availability of our aftermarkets product range during the crisis. While some aftermarket parts suppliers, furnishing our various businesses has experienced some reductions in capacity. We have reduced replenishment orders as our revenue has declined. On balance, we believe, we will not have material issues with our aftermarket supply chain going forward. On the salvage side as miles driven and the number of total losses have both decreased dramatically. The number of cars available at the auctions has declined as well. It will take some time for this particular supply chain to gear back up as it can often take up to 60 to 70 days for a totaled car to reach the auction. But we’re confident that we can manage our purchasing and utilize existing inventory to meet customer demand for recycled products. I’d like to extend a sincere thank you to all of our supply partners as they also confront this pandemic and are working hard to help us to continue to service our customers. Like any economic downturn, some businesses will suffer more than others and given the absolute violent nature of this contraction, we believe it will be true even in the historically resistant auto parts sector. The speed and magnitude of the demand shift will be too much for some of the less well capitalized distributors to endure. Already, there have been some smaller distributors in the U.S. they have shut their door at least on a temporary basis while waiting for federal funding to arrive. In Europe, one of the largest online parts distributors, ATP declared insolvency. Loren, a large distributor in France is in bankruptcy and HART, a large Polish distributor closed it stores for several weeks before just reopening this past Monday. There will be more. While, it does little in the near term, longer term, it means that there will be a natural consolidation of industry demand amongst a fewer number of market participants. With the leading positions in most all of our respective markets, I believe, LKQ is well positioned to take advantage of these subtle shifts in the competitive landscape. To be sure the downturn will also impact the repair shops and we would expect a similar reallocation of demand to the larger, better capitalized organization. We have a close watch in our receivables to ensure we get paid for the parts are already delivered and installed. And not unlike during the great recession, we have seen a total collapse of new vehicle SAAR across the globe. In the United States, new car sales fell about 13% in the first quarter and 38% in the month of March. In the European Union, new car sales were even softer, dropping 25% in the first quarter compared to last year with a 55% decline in March. We anticipate the April and May resolves on a global basis for what more like March than January, so the second quarter will likely be very soft as well. These massive declines in new car sales will ultimately lead to an older car park which favors the aftermarket parts industry and will ultimately be good for LKQ. At this point, I will turn the call over to Varun.
Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. What difference 60 days can make? We ended February feeling really good about the start of the year and our prospects for 2020, and now we are working through a global pandemic that has impacted lives and economies in ways that have not been seen in generations. In these unusual circumstances, I will deviate from the usual commentary and focus on forward-looking matters as opposed to our latest quarterly results. Nick has already commented on the revenue trends. So I will handle the cost actions. We have taken as well as our liquidity position. However, to start, I am going to briefly discuss the financial highlights from our first quarter. North America reported segment EBITDA margin of 16.4%, a 280 basis point improvement relative to the prior year. The improvement is driven by gross margin expansion, while a portion of the benefit is attributable to the several ongoing margin initiatives, increased revenue from precious metals and better pricing realized sequentially on scrap metal represented the largest incremental growth driver. Continuing a trend discussed on last quarter’s call, precious metals prices surged to record levels in early 2020 providing significant upside in both our wholesale and self service businesses. In April trading, we’ve seen moderating prices of precious metals going to lower new car sales and do not expect the same level of upside in the near term. Overall gross margins and wholesale operations and self service increased by 210 and 90 basis points respectively, with a further 20 basis point improvement for the mix effect resulting from the disposal of our aviation business in the third quarter of 2019. Europe segment EBITDA margin of 5.7% represented a 160 basis points decrease relative to 2019. Do note that this includes approximately 30 basis points of incremental transformation expenses incurred in the quarter. On a positive note, gross margin for the segment increased by 40 basis points. The negative leverage effect from the sales decline in March as the stay in shelter programs began. The incremental transformation expenses and certain unfavorable reserve adjustments pushed overhead expenses up 220 basis points compared to 2019. Specialty reported a segment EBITDA margin of 9.2%, a 150 basis point decrease relative to the prior year. Gross margin declined by 110 basis points due to unfavorable mixed effects and an increase in inventory reserves. At a consolidated level, net interest expense decreased by $10 million going to the lower average debt level and it lower average interest rate. This variance is the direct result of the excellent work our teams have done over the past 18 plus months. To focus on cash flow, allowing us to pay down debt in the trailing 12 months. We have also benefited from the redemption of our four and three quarters U.S. senior notes in January of this year, financing it with cash and borrowings from lower cost facilities. Our effective tax rate was 29.2% for the quarter, which included a 250 basis points increase over the annual effective rate assumed in our guidance, resulting in a $0.02 per share negative effect on adjusted diluted EPS, again, relative to prior guidance. The rate increase is primarily attributable to the impact of lower projected full year pretax income, which results in higher suspended interest deductions in certain foreign jurisdictions. We expect volatility in the tax rate, this year given the potential for varying outcomes in our full year results. Operating cash flows in the quarter were $195 million, which represented a 10% increase over the same period in 2019. Free cash flow of $150 million was a 21% improvement over the prior year leading to a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.5 times, based on our credit facility definitions. We use our free cash flow along with cash on hand to rebate $230 million of debt and return $88 million to our stockholders in the quarter. We were happy to see the momentum of 2019 cash flow generation carry through into the first quarter. Now I’ll move into our plans for the remainder of 2020. As Nick referenced earlier, the growth in revenue during March took place very quickly as governments’ implemented measures to contain the outbreak. With restrictions and movement puts in place across multiple countries. We understood that demand would decline for reasons that were outside of our control. And so we shifted our attention to what we could control. That is, one, reducing costs to reflect the new level of market demand, and two, continuing the focus on cash flow generation. Each of our segments took immediate action to develop an implemented plan to rationalize their respective cost structure. Nick described the key aspects of our cost reductions, which essentially fall into three categories. One, personnel-related actions, two, variable cost decreases that follow the lower projected revenue, including route consolidations and brand rationalizations, and three, the elimination of discussed of discretionary and non-mission critical spending. Our current estimates indicate run rate savings of roughly $80 million to $90 million per month. More than half that production is attributable to headcount related actions as it is the largest line item in our operating costs. We won’t reach the full run rate savings during April, as we will continue to incur employee costs related to paid time off until those hours are exhausted and the continuation of healthcare benefits for a further period. Our plans are dynamic and we will be adjusting them based on developments with the outlook on the COVID-19 virus. We will be diligent in not bringing the expense back early and intend to wait for a sustained revenue improvement before adding costs back into the business. To reinforce a point Nick made earlier, the cost actions include the deferral of certain elements of our 1 LKQ Europe program also. The decision to delay portions of the project including the establishment of our head office in Switzerland was it difficult one, given the long term benefits anticipated from the program. However, our current focus is to protect our employees and the business during this market disruption. We are committed to fully returning to the program once conditions have stabilized. The deferral along with the impact of COVID-19 on our volume, compromises our ability to deliver on the margin goals that we presented in our September 10, 2019 Investor Presentation. However, as the full lift on the duration and the severity of the COVID-19 induced disruption, we will reassess and communicate the project timeline and our margin expectations. In addition to the COVID-19 cost actions, we have also initiated a restructuring program. These plans reflect a further round of rightsizing and integration in our North America and European operations and focused on closing underperforming operations. We expect to incur costs related to severance facility closures and asset impairment charges, amounting to a range of $50 million to $60 million of which approximately 20% will be non-cash. The benefits of the program are anticipated to begin in the second quarter, but have not projected to reach the full run rate benefit until early next year. We often ask what percentage of our overhead cost of fixed versus variable. And there’s not really a simple answer. We have fixed costs such as facility rent, variable costs such as fuel consumption and sales commissions. And then finally, hybrid costs that can be adjusted at different levels of activity, but do not flex up and down with every revenue dollar change. For example, we may be able to run a warehouse with 10 employees at a certain level of revenue. If the revenue increases or decreases by say 3%, we may not need to add or cut any headcount. However, if the revenue were to decline by 20% we would expect to reduce our warehouse headcount and potentially the number of drivers too. Reacting to the pandemic has highlighted this dynamic as we have had to come deep into a hybrid cost pool in an attempt to align the cost structure with the projected demand. As shown on Slide 6, forecasted reductions in variable and hybrid costs represent approximately 30% of our monthly overhead expenses. While we pleased with the team’s efforts to reduce costs, it will be difficult to only cut our way to profitability. We retain a certain fixed cost base including facility rent and administrative expenses that will be more challenging to decrease. Additionally, we must cover approximately $175 million of annual depreciation and amortization expense, excluding amortization of acquisition related intangibles which we add back in calculating adjusted diluted EPS, and approximately $115 million of annual interest expense that can’t be easily flexed. We are currently projecting the largest negative impact from the COVID-19 virus in Q2 with a gradual revenue and profitability improvement as the year progresses. So as you all know, this could easily change as the pandemic and the global response plays out over time. Moving to liquidity, we feel that we’re in a good position to withstand the COVID-19 disruption. As I referenced earlier, there has been a significant shift in the world in the last couple of months. On February 20 of this year, we reported over $1 billion in operating cash flows for 2019 and set guidance at a similar level for 2020. Our net leverage ratio was 2.6 times compared to the maximum allowed ratio of 4.25 times. As our cash flow generation programs have taken hold since 2018 and continued to increase the absolute level of cash being generated by each of our businesses, liquidity and debt covenants were low on the list of concerns going into 2020. Then the COVID-19 outbreak spread across the globe and folks became interested in everyone’s ability to comply with their respective financial covenants and retain access to the credit markets. I’ll address our liquidity stats in two pieces, first, our current liquidity position and efforts to conserve cash, and second, the compliance requirements for all financing arrangements. We believe that our current liquidity and positive operating cash flow in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements. To support our liquidity position, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we’re focused on preserving cash during the expected period of reduced demand. Our action plans to strengthen our current position include approximately 40% reduction or more than $100 million deferral of growth driven and non-mission critical capital projects, reductions in inventory replenishment rates to reflect current demand, active monitoring of customer receivables and terms, the continuation of the European vendor financing program, tax payment deferrals were allowable, and hold in our share buyback program, in addition to the cost saving measures previously discussed. With $1.9 billion of total liquidity as of March 31, 2020, and $91 million of current maturities, we have access to funds to meet our near term commitments even if the pandemic effect extends longer than current expectations. We have a surplus of current assets over current liabilities of over $2 billion, which further reduces the risk of short term cash shortfalls. Our total liquidity includes availability on our senior secured credit facility, which includes two financial maintenance covenants, maximum net leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio. The maximum leverage ratio will be four times effective, our compliance certificate to be filed for the second quarter of 2020. We are confident that we will be in compliance with the financial covenants in the second quarter though out of an abundance of caution and as an effective insurance policy, we have commenced discussions with our bank group regarding continued access to borrowings under our credit facility, if the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has a severe and prolonged negative impact on our profitability. Our euro notes do not include financial maintenance covenants and the indentures will not restrict our ability to draw funds on the credit facility, nor will the indentures prohibit our ability to amend the financial covenant under the credit facility as needed. By limiting our capital spending to mission critical projects and the strategic central distribution center in the Netherlands, we will preserve cash to support day-to-day operations, while generating a benefit to a depreciation expense for the year. We will be judicious in balancing the cash generation while continuing to invest thoughtfully into the business and creating a long term sustainable advantage. And we are confident of being cash flow positive for the full year. Interestingly, while April is expected to be the worst month for revenue and profitability, I’m happy to report that the company did not need to drawdown on the credit facility and instead, we were able to pay down further debt in the month. Finally, I’d like to close with a few comments regarding our outlook for the remainder of the year. As you know, we withdrew our full year guidance last month given the uncertainty created by the COVID-19 outbreak. Presently, there are too many unknowns to be able to provide full year guidance on revenue and profitability measures. However, to prepare a March financials, we made a good faith estimate of the full year results based on information currently available and our resumptions include is severe short term impact followed by a gradual return to prior levels by 2021. This projection supports our analysis underlying the March financial statements including our interim goodwill impairment test, other impairment tests of intangible assets, assessments of the recoverability of inventory, calculation of the annual effective tax rate and evaluations of the realizability of deferred tax assets. As the economic impact of the pandemic is dependent on variables that are difficult to project and in many cases outside of our control, it is possible that the estimates underlying our analysis may change in future periods. We are committed to providing investors with care and comprehensive disclosure regarding our results and future prospects, and we will share developments as appropriate going forward. With that, I will turn the call back to Nick for closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun. In closing, it is clear that our focus on profitable growth, enhanced margin and better free cash flow generation positioned as well as we entered this unexpected turn of events. Our teams have been agile and have done a fantastic job of tackling the cost structure, which is no easy task, especially when confronting the human element of these actions in a culture that is rooted in pride and comradery. Our teams have embraced the idea that not all progress is measured by ground gained, but sometimes progress is measured by losses avoided. And for that, I am tremendously proud and thankful of everyone’s efforts to confront these very difficult times. What I know is one of the pandemic is in the rear view mirror and the economies around the world settle into the new normal, whatever that may be. There will still be more than 275 million vehicles in the United States and over 305 million vehicles in Europe. The average age of these cars will increase and the resulting heightened demand for alternative repair parts and accessories will be serviced by a slightly smaller number of competitors. There inlays the opportunity for LKQ. That is why I have been coaching our leadership teams to focus both on getting this through the near term headwinds and to also keep one eye open for the longer term opportunities to gain market share and create more efficient operating models. I’m confident that I’ll take you will not just survive the pandemic but will thrive in the post-pandemic economy. In my communication with a broader employee base, I have indicated we will get through this together and we’ll come out a stronger, wiser and better positioned organization that continues to be LKQ proud. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephanie Benjamin with SunTrust.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi, good morning. I really appreciate all the extra color that you guys provided, particularly as you broke out, just the performance kind of through the first half of the quarter or more than that and then kind of how it deteriorated in March, including the CCC numbers? I was hoping maybe you could provide a little bit of color. I mean, it was such a strong outperformance versus the industry during those periods, whether it was the January through February and then also in March, so maybe you could provide some color on what you believe was driving that outperformance versus the overall just kind of volume numbers from the CCC numbers? I think that would be helpful. Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: I’ll take a shot at that that, Stephanie. Well, we offer to the North American collision repair industry, it is an ability to provide best-in-class service, and that goes to items like delivery times, the number of deliveries, on-time deliveries, the depth and breadth of our inventory, which – what we have nobody else can match. And we believe that we have always outperformed the marketplace because we offer a different value proposition as in most of our smaller competitors. And particularly when things started to slowdown and a number of businesses were really having to pull-in quickly, our capital base allows us to continue to provide what we believe as world class customer service, and over time that wins. But make no doubt, we always believe that the depth and breadth of our inventory is perhaps our biggest competitive advantage in the North American marketplace and the ability to get those parts to our customers on a reliable basis and on a very quick basis separates us from many in the industry.
Stephanie Benjamin: Got it. Well, for the sake of time, I’ll pass it on from there. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys. On the North American gross margin, you called out metal scraps and precious metals driving a big chunk. Could you tell us how many basis points you picked up on metals just so we can get a normal margin run rate?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Bret, it’s Varun here. Great question. Essentially, within our overall salvage operations, we do not break out precious metals on a car by car or an automotive -- on a unit-by-unit basis. What we do know is precious metals alone had close to a $50 million uptick in revenue on a year-over-year basis. As you think about it from that perspective, you can kind of do the math in terms of how much of that can actually flow through. There is a cost associated with getting to the precious metals that are found within the salvage vehicles. But again, as I said previously also, in the last quarter earnings numbers, our operating teams have just done a phenomenal job in positioning themselves to be able to extract and take advantage of what’s happening in the precious market -- in the precious metals market. So again, happy with the way they’ve performed in kind of essentially making their own destiny from that perspective.
Nick Zarcone: Yes. And at some point in time, the cost of the vehicle goes up or falls, based on the value of those metals. And what we’ve seen, as Varun indicated in his prepared comments, is those values have come back down. Not all the way back to where they were at the beginning of the year, but they have come back in.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you. Good morning. I hope everybody in your family, friends, and colleagues are safe and healthy. Trying to take all of this great data, and the first pass quickly trying to adjust the model on the fly, you’ll still be profitable in 1Q and 2Q, but it’s going to be paper thin. Is that the right way to think about it?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Michael, it’s Varun here. It all depends in terms of how the trend continues. As I – as Nick mentioned in his comments also, the first half of April was a continuation of March, which was down almost like 40% to 45%. In the last 10 to 12 days, we’ve seen a nice little uptick, but having said that, it is still down on a year-over-year basis. It all depends in terms of what the outlook is for the month of May and June. We also do know that in the month of April, here in the United States for example, with the folks that we’ve put on furlough, we essentially have allowed our folks to be able to run down their PTO balances. Essentially, we are paying them, which we believe will get exhausted by the end of April. In addition, we have continued health benefits for a certain period. This is not the time to be pulling the rug from people’s – from under people’s feet given what’s happening out in the broader macroeconomic situation in any case. So April, we know from a profitability perspective, we’ll be challenged, but it all depends in terms of how May and June comes through. What we have said is that we have suspended guidance. And again, as and when numbers begin to come through for April month end and again, as we go through the quarter, we will update the markets. We do have a series of virtual NDRs and investor calls setup for later in the quarter. But again, at this point of time, we are not in the position to say, as to where Q2 will be coming through. It all depends in terms of how the next 60 days play out.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. All right, I’ll cycle back and ask the next question. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and the thorough slides and review. You had mentioned competitive disruption. I guess to the extent your competitors are struggling and you are able to take share. Can you serve that opportunity through your existing operations or would you need to expand branches or acquire businesses in some geographies to cover that potential opportunity?
Nick Zarcone: Craig, great question. No, we’re convinced that we have the footprint we need in most every market in which we operate to service more customers and with more volume. And actually, I think both Varun and I put in our formal remarks, we’re actually going to be consolidating some of the branch that work across the globe to gain further efficiencies. As these volumes have come in, we will – there is opportunity to get to even a more efficient footprint and we believe even though some of that is going to be on a permanent basis, that we will still be able to fulfill and even heightened the demand that will ultimately come out of this.
Varun Laroyia: And Craig, I’ll just going to add one more to what a data point to what Nick mentioned. In terms of the hypothesis that this will end up potentially being a gain share for LKQ, I understand it’s still early days, but across each of our three operating segments, we are seeing customers that we haven’t seen in quite some time. And I’m talking of a few years. So both in North America and in Europe, and then also in our specialty unit, we are seeing activity from customers that we haven’t seen for some time. And again, data is hard to come by in certain markets, but even where markets are down, what we are picking up from a market intel is that, we are outperforming our competitors in those specific markets. So back to your hypothesis, it is playing out now. And then to the additional point whether we need to expand our footprint, no, we believe our footprint is adequate. And in fact, we actually have an opportunity to essentially fine tune our geographic footprint through this period.
Craig Kennison: That’s helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary Prestopino: Good morning. Just a quick question here, in terms of your customer base on the repair side, I mean, is it more or less the 80%-20% rule that, you’re doing 80% of the business with the 20% largest percent across both North America and Europe?
Nick Zarcone: No, it’s not quite that way Gary. The customer base is incredibly fragmented. I mean, there is – in the United States, for example, somewhere between 35,000 and 40,000 collision repair shops, in Europe, there’s literally hundreds of thousands of mechanical service and repair shops. So there are bigger entities there. We got the MSOs on the collision repair site in North America. You got some large chains over in Europe. But no, it’s not 80%-20%. So this is an industry, our customer base is an industry that’s represented by an incredibly fragmented group of competitors.
Gary Prestopino: So is there any worries on a short term basis at least, with some of these smaller players coming – falling out of bed here, just closing shop, like you were talking about some of the competitive situation of other suppliers in Europe that are declaring bankruptcies?
Nick Zarcone: Absolutely. Whenever you have a severe economic contraction, small enterprises, this mom-and-pop enterprises, oftentimes, just don’t have the capital to endure. We actually have sponsored and promoted some educational sessions for our North American customer base to get some tapped into how to best utilize the government programs that are in place to fund small and medium-sized businesses, and so we ran and sponsored seminars that our body shop customers could dial into to understand how to navigate the loan program, for an example, because we want them see profitable segment business.
Gary Prestopino: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, again guys. You talked about, I guess Service King having shot a number of their branches. I think they also delayed a bond payment recently as well. Do you have any exposure either to them or any other major collision chains which you have to worry about as far as getting paid back at accounts receivable?
Varun Laroyia: Hey Bret, it’s Varun here. So let me take that question. Listen, as we closed out the first quarter of 2020, I will share with you, and again, this is the appropriate time to share it with everyone is the company has never been in a better position in terms of managing our past due receivables. Again, these things don’t happen by accident. We started the program, probably, in the better part of almost two years ago, because there was a massive opportunity in terms of the way our customer receivables were being managed. So again, as we closed out, we were in a very fortunate position, thanks to the phenomenal work of all our field operators, both in North America, but also in Europe. To your specific question about one of our larger customers, we enjoy a great relationship with them. And yes, we also heard about the news, but I’m happy to report that as of the end of the first quarter, we were current with them across their receivables balance. And then with regards to, call it other customers and stuff, listen, this is an evolving situation as of now. Nick mentioned the fact that we have a fairly fragmented customer base. The good news is several of our smaller customers do have the ability to drop on the payment protection – the paycheck protection plan. And we, certainly, are encouraging them to apply through the SBA side of things, in any case. But other than that, happy in terms of how we remain close to our customers. And again, we are confident on their ability to, again, gain share through this period. But again, no specific issues with receivable hits as such.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is going to be a follow-up from Michael Hoffman with Stifel.
Michael Hoffman: Hi. So circling back, I think to get the point of clarity, if I could, on an early question. You shared $15 million of incremental sales in the quarter for metals, did I hear that correctly? So they gave you 100% credit for that? Because it is all price. Forget that you had cost. I pulled that out of the 2011 on the EBITDA. You still are 15% margins. Is that – am I doing something wrong? Just want to understand.
Varun Laroyia: No, Michael. The math is appropriate except for the fact that precious metals was close to $50 million up on a year-over-year basis.
Michael Hoffman: $50 million, okay.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely. So I think that’s the piece to kind of think about. The second point is what we are currently seeing in April trading of precious metals, they have come off their record highs that we experienced earlier in the first quarter. So again, we do not anticipate that set of gains to be on an ongoing basis. The other piece to think about is, as we always talked about on the salvage side, scrap metal prices, while they were down on a year-over-year basis, it’s more kind of the sequential pricing, which matters to us. And sequentially, scrap metal was up about 23%. So that also helped the overall North America margin. So that’s how you should think about this. But again, precious metal was by far the biggest piece. But as I said, we don’t anticipate that upside to continue at least not in the near-term.
Nick Zarcone: But directionally, it’s correct Michael. Even without the impact of the metals, our margins would have been up.
Michael Hoffman: Right. Okay. That’s – I was trying to get at that. And then back to the $80 million to $90 million. Is there a way to think about how that plays out between the two major regions as far as where it comes – where you can get savings? And then how much – if you learn to be leaner, how much of it do you get to keep permanently? I mean I get you can’t keep a whole $1 billion, but how much do you think you might keep?
Nick Zarcone: Well, half – as Varun indicated about half of the $80 million to 90 million is with people-related. And those adjustments have been made in each of the three segments: North America, Specialty and Europe. We have more people in Europe to start with. So you should assume that the majority of the 17,000 person adjustment came out of Europe, North America next and Specialty, obviously, being the smallest. All of our operating heads are working under the orders and the assumption that when we get back to 100% of revenue volume, whenever that is, that we should be able to service that without adding back all 17,000 people. That there has to be some embedded productivity gains coming out of that process. We don’t have at this point in time, the magic answer is to whether that’s adding back 99% of our people or 95% of the people or 90% of the people. But we do anticipate that we will gain productivity from a human capital perspective. And the same with some of the other operating costs. Again, there are things we’re going to have to add back, but importantly as Varun indicated, we kind of do it kind of in arrears, is we’re going to make sure that revenue is there and sustainable and then add some back, and it will be gradual process as we walk back up with the hope that when we get to the – when we get back to 100%, we will not have added back 100% of the operating expense.
Varun Laroyia: And Michael to your specific question of how much of it is between the two geographies. It’s roughly half and half, so the $80 million to 90 million, roughly half in Europe and the other half here in North America. And then with regards to the key categories, just to reiterate, personnel costs is by far the single largest line item in our overall OpEx. And so that clearly is the bulk of it. But in addition to that, we do know that there are certain variable expenses such as the spend that we have on routes and deliveries and fuel. And we certainly are picking up that variability also as revenues have come in. So just to kind of give you that additional color for the sake of comprehensiveness.
Michael Hoffman: Okay. And since we’re repeating or turning the thing, could I ask one more, just if I could, for the benefit of everybody. The world recovers. We get – we start to [indiscernible] again whenever it is, but it recovers. Do we get back to old revenue number in the U.S. from a collision standpoint? I get why we would in Europe on maintenance, if you’re driving your car, you got to do the maintenance. How do I get back to the old revenue number? I felt like I’m going to have a whole bunch more above average accidents.
Nick Zarcone: Ultimately, once the miles driven gets back to kind of pre-COVID levels and people are kind of back into their normal routines, the accident rates will – from a frequency perspective will move back, we believe to where they were, pre-virus, right? Once the roads and the highways are full of cars and other vehicles and that’s really what’s the key, Michael, is the number of accidents because that’s what drives repair volumes and ultimately what drives the demand for the repair parts that we supplied to the body shops. Yes. So we’re comfortable that in time, assuming miles driven gets back that the frequency will be return, and that will be a strong driver of our revenue. The $64 question is when does that all occur, right? There’s anecdotal data out there now it’s from China, so it’s a very different economy. But what the Chinese have reported is that about 2.5 to three months after them hitting peak from a virus infection perspective, miles driven in individual vehicles was at 80% of pre-crisis levels. Contrast that to their public transportation volumes, which were only back to 40% of pre-crisis levels. So folks, at least in China, we clearly view their personal vehicle as being a safer mode of transportation than jumping on public transport. And that’s a good sign, right. What I suggest is that the same could happen here in the U.S. But just because – either on a federal basis or on a state basis, some of the restrictions get lifted, nobody should assume that miles driven is going to snap back to pre-virus levels. I mean, I sit here in the state of Texas and our Governor on Tuesday, indicated that he was going to open up – start to open up the Texas economy this coming Friday. And that’s great because there’s all sorts of businesses that have been shut down. On the same day, one of the local news stations did a survey of 3,500 residents of Austin and 86% of them said, it was too much, too soon. So even though some of the restrictions may be lifted, it remains to be seen as to whether residents around the world are going to have the courage to actually venture out immediately and get back into their normal routines. We think it’s going to be a much more of a gradual return.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens, Inc.
Varun Laroyia: Hey, good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks for squeezing me in. I think I dropped off for a second. So sorry if you touched on this, but Varun wanted to touch back on Europe in the 1Q. Something that stood out is just the gross margin leverage, just like pretty soft sales there. We talked a lot about North America and the metals pricing, but can you shed some more light on what drove that gross margin improvement in Europe? And then how you think about the sustainability of those drivers, obviously as near-term demand trends are pressured.
Varun Laroyia: Yes. I think Daniel, it’s far out here, just for the sake of everyone understanding, I think your question was there was a 40 basis point improvement in gross margin across our European segment and the sustainability of that. So yes, very happy with the way that has come through. The level of discipline that our teams have been putting out in Europe in the pursuit of profitable revenue growth and accretive margins that has continued to kind of come through. In the past where we may have been kind of chasing the last time down the rabbit hole. That discipline that the team has picked up has been tremendous. And in these circumstances, chasing, chasing any and all revenue could become a fool’s errand and so essentially the teams have been focusing on only pursuing profitable revenue. In addition to that, as you know, we’ve been doing well from a centralized procurement perspective and those benefits have also accrued. But just think about the fact that, we’ve just been very disciplined from a pricing perspective. And that was something that was much needed over in Europe in addition to everything that the team has been doing from a centralized procurement perspective.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That’s really helpful.
Nick Zarcone: We’re going to need to bring the call to a close. So just one last question and then we’ll wrap up. We’re a bit over. Did you have one last question, Daniel?
Varun Laroyia: Nick, I think we’re all done. We’re not showing anyone on the screen. So I think we’re all good to close off. So back to you.
Nick Zarcone: Okay, great. We greatly appreciate your time and attention here this morning. We’ve obviously shared a fair amount of information that normally we would not provide. But we thought it was important to provide additional clarity and transparency in this great time of uncertainty. So now we do appreciate you participating in our call. And we’ll be back together again in about 90 days with our second quarter results. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. With us today are, Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, as well as the slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the quarter and then Varun will dive into the financial details and 2020 guidance before I come back with a few closing remarks. Q4 was a strong quarter for our company, and we are very pleased with the results. As we mentioned at the outset of 2019, we were focused on a few key initiatives, and I am proud to say our segment teams have embraced and executed on each. There is more opportunity ahead, and we will continue to work hard to move the company forward. Let me reiterate the key initiatives, which continue to be central to our culture and objectives as we've entered 2020. First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. For example, in 2019, we launched our 1 LKQ Europe program and provided a clear road map to drive the business to double-digit EBITDA margins. Additionally, in 2019, we divested our airplane recycling business and merged auto Kelly Bulgaria with a competitor, thereby removing a couple of low-margin non-core businesses from our lineup and freeing up management time. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. In 2019, we were able to grow margins despite facing low revenue growth and macro headwinds in Europe, with our teams doing an exceptional job of addressing costs with their productivity efforts. North America, in particular, witnessed year-over-year improvement in segment EBITDA margins of 100 basis points in 2019. Third, we will continue to drive higher levels of cash flow which, in turn, will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. In 2019, we generated record cash flow from operations of over $1 billion and free cash flow of nearly $800 million, reflecting year-over-year increases of 50% and 73%, respectively. Last year, we paid off $301 million worth of debt and repurchased 10.9 million shares of our stock for over $290 million. And fourth, we have and will continue to invest in our future. In 2019, we made two strategic acquisitions in the automotive diagnostic space, which positions our North American business to be at the forefront of this rapidly growing market opportunity and will allow us to continue expanding our customer offerings. As noted on Slide 5, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $3 billion, reflecting growth of 0.2%, a slight increase from what was recorded in the comparable period of 2018. Parts and Services organic revenue growth for the fourth quarter was 0.9%. Acquisitions added 20 basis points of growth, while currencies had a negative impact of 1%, for total parts and services revenue growth of 0.1%. Net income during Q4 was $140 million compared to $40 million for the same period of last year, an increase of 247% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.46 compared to $0.13 for the same period of 2018, an increase of 254% year-over-year. On an adjusted basis, net income was $167 million, an increase of 10% compared to the $151 million for the same period of last year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.54 compared to $0.48 for the same period of 2018, a 13% increase. We are again pleased with the level of EPS growth considering the marginal uptick in revenue. Let's turn to some of the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 7, organic revenue growth for parts and services in our North American segment was 2.5% in the quarter. This organic performance includes a benefit from the GM strike, which was partially offset by declines in our glass and heavy-duty truck businesses. Excluding these dynamics, organic growth would have been 1.3%. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that, according to CCC, collision and liability-related auto claims decreased 1% in the fourth quarter. Also, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q4 was achieved while miles driven in the U.S. were down 0.1% year-over-year in November. Related to our recycling businesses, I am proud of the impressive environmental efforts of our North American team in 2019. Between our full service and self-service salvage businesses, during the year, we processed over 887,000 vehicles, resulting in, among other things, the recycling of 4.2 million gallons of fuel, 2.6 million gallons of waste oil, 2.5 million tires and 630,000 batteries, all reflecting solid increases over 2018. This effort is a key pillar of our mission of being a responsible steward of the environment and a true partner with the communities in which we operate. We also continue to grow our parts offerings with aftermarket collision SKU offerings and the total number of certified parts available growing 4.9% and 10.0%, respectively, in 2019. Lastly, on North America, during the quarter, we continued the development of our mobile app-based delivery manifest management system, which we call InTouch Mobile. InTouch Mobile is a proprietary, internally developed platform that will automate delivery management and route accounting procedures that we are converting from a manual to paperless process. InTouch Mobile will also enhance the customer service experience, improve route and driver efficiencies and simplify various accounting functions. We are excited about this implementation and optimistic about the potential productivity it will generate. At the end of Q4, 85% of our full service and aftermarket locations were live on the system. Moving to our European segment. Organic growth for parts and services in the fourth quarter was 1.2%. Acquisitions in Europe added 0.7% of revenue growth, while the strong dollar resulted in a negative impact of 2%. As noted by other public companies with European exposure, the soft economic backdrop continues to create an industry headwind. Indeed, our performance on a relative basis appears to be strong, which gives us confidence that we continue to take market share. While we don't disclose country-by-country detail in the fourth quarter, we witnessed positive organic revenue growth in each of our markets in which we operate, except for Germany and Italy. As it relates to the 1 LKQ Europe program, we continue to gain operational momentum on multiple fronts, and the segment is performing in line with the metrics and multi-year plan we set forth last September. As I've stated in the past, talent acquisition and to build out our organizational structure is a key component to implementing our 1 LKQ Europe program. And in Q4, we made very good progress on the talent front. Going forward, we are implementing a recently announced European organizational structure of key functional departments, including private label, which we are now calling components, product management and procurement, supply chain and information technology. On the operational side, we have announced both a new CEO for Rhiag, Italy, who came from the outside, and the promotion of an internal person to lead the Stahlgruber organization. On the corporate side, we have announced the recruitment of a human resources leader for all of Europe and also appointed leaders for information technology, product management, procurement and components. The implementation of these strategies will promote the harmonization of processes and infrastructure, the implementation of best practices and the establishment of common standards in each of the functions. We believe this will position the business to achieve better results, make faster and better decisions and work more efficiently. Supporting the organizational structure, in Q4, we identified Zug, Switzerland as the future home of our European segment corporate office. We expect to officially open the office in mid-2020. With a key initiative of investing in our future, we began the construction of our new central distribution center for our Fource business in the Benelux region. Located in the Netherlands, this new facility will enable us to consolidate the activities of five small existing distribution centers into a single location, which will have automation similar to that found at T2 in the U.K. and Sulzbach-Rosenberg, in Germany, albeit on a slightly smaller scale. Regarding Brexit, our U.K. operations have taken necessary precautions to protect the interest of our customers for every milestone of this exit process. We have a sufficiently deep inventory from European and Asian suppliers, strong supply processes and significant measures in place to provide our customers with the service they expect from us even in the face of Britain's recent departure announcement from the common market. In fact, we believe the size of our business and its industry-leading processes will enable us to continue to expand our market share in the U. K. and the Republic of Ireland, acting as a key partner for our customers even in the face of what could be a momentous change. As Europe has become a larger portion of our global revenue and is a part of our board's ongoing director refreshment process, on December 6, we announced the addition of Xavier Urbain to our Board of Directors. As the former Group Chief Executive Officer of Netherlands based CEVA Logistics, Xavier's experience with building a global business across both developed and emerging market will add tremendous value at the board level into our operating teams as we continue to execute on the 1 LKQ Europe program. Lastly, in Q4, we opened three new branches in Eastern Europe and two new branches in Western Europe. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the fourth quarter, Specialty reported a total revenue decrease of 6%, a performance well below our expectations. The primary drivers for this decline were twofold. First, two major suppliers altered their go-to-market strategies, which essentially bypassed wholesale distributors for a portion of their volumes. We believe these are isolated cases and not reflective of a broader trend. Second, in the fourth quarter, a few companies who use our specialty unit to fulfill orders they received through online marketplaces witnessed impactful interruptions during the critical selling period of late November and December. These interruptions were related to these companies having their sales halted temporarily due to intellectual property complaints submitted to the marketplace facilitators. Today, these companies have had varying degrees of success, countering those claims in getting back online. Confronted with these headwinds, our specialty team is aggressively seeking new business by expanding our product line and targeting new and relevant customers. Additionally, specialty continues to focus on measures to right-size their cost structure given the top line challenges, hoping to offset some of the reduction in EBITDA margin. At the 2019 SEMA Show, Warn announced that Ford Motor Company is offering a Warn winch for it's 2020 F-250 and F-350 Super Duty trucks. These new winches will be available as a factory- orderable option or a dealer-installed after sale accessory on properly equipped Super Duty models beginning in mid-2020. Additionally, at the Chicago Auto Show this month Jeep announced that the new limited addition 2020 Jeep Wrangler JPP 20 is equipped with a Warn Rubicon Zeon Winch along with Warn's proprietary Spydura Rope. As was announced at Specialties RV Expo last month, we continue to expand our RV OEM warranty program with the addition of Winnebago, a rapid adoption of our OE warranty program offerings to top tier manufacturers is a clear validation of our unrivaled distribution network in customer service capabilities. There was a relatively quiet quarter from a corporate development perspective, we closed on two transactions in the US, a diagnostic and repair service provider in a niche business that manufacturers and distributes replacements and labels, with a total net consideration of $13 million. In addition, we announced the execution of a definitive agreement to sell the company's equity interest in two Czech Republic wholesale automotive parts distributors, and that's pending regulatory approval. Finally, as you are aware, the coronavirus has generated significant headlines, which has led to many questions regarding our supply chain. First, I'd like to say that, on behalf of LKQ, our thoughts go out to all those impacted by the virus. Clearly, with this outbreak, everyone is in uncharted waters, and it is simply too early to say what interruption companies could face across the business world. The coronavirus outbreak occurred just prior to the Chinese New Year. As a normal course of business and anticipating the annual shutdown related to the Chinese holiday, we had already procured and received most of the Chinese manufactured products needed for the first quarter. Importantly, our segment teams are proactively monitoring the situation and are in constant dialogue with our supply chain partners to help assure we maintain continuity in our operations and effectively manage the inventory levels we need to service our customers. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run you through the details of the segment results and discuss our 2020 guidance.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. Overall, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance, as it relates to progress in our key financial priorities of profitable revenue growth, margin expansion and free cash flow generation. Resetting the team's focus to these priorities, while implementing large-scale changes to our compensation plans was a formidable task, and we are incredibly pleased with how quickly the organization adapted to these progressive changes to deliver solid results in 2019. With North America in a strong position and the 1 LKQ Europe program picking up momentum, we are excited about our prospects for 2020 and beyond. Before diving into the results, let's start with the key financial highlights. The consolidated segment EBITDA margin for Q4 improved 80 basis points relative to the prior year. This was led by the North America segment, which not only generated the highest fourth quarter margin in the previous 5 years, but the highest by 120 basis points. Europe and Specialty were roughly flat, although Europe faced a 30 basis point headwind from transformation expenses. Q4 was a relatively low revenue growth quarter, so the ability to maintain or grow margins speaks to the improved resilience of the business. The restructuring programs we implemented earlier in the year have certainly helped in this regard and helped kick start the focus on costs and productivity. As we guided last quarter, after a couple of historically high quarters of cash flow generation, the expected moderation of operating cash flows occurred in the fourth quarter. That said, we were still able to add approximately $100 million in operating cash flows for the quarter to finish the year well over $1 billion, a record high for the company. We are cautiously optimistic going into the year, as reflected in our original guidance of $775 million to $850 million, but to finish over $1 billion is a tremendous accomplishment. I want to thank our team members across the enterprise for their efforts in making this a reality. What was anticipated to be a 3 year journey has taken us a little over a year. This is the LKQ culture that I am immensely proud of. I'll now cover our consolidated and segment results. Similar to last quarter, to save myself some words and the accompanying earnings deck being largely self-explanatory, when I refer to net income and diluted EPS, please note that I will be referring to the amounts from continuing operations attributable to LKQ shareholders. In addition, Nick covered the details of net income and earnings per share, so I will not repeat. Please turn to Slides 12 and 13 of the presentation for highlights on the consolidated fourth quarter results. The consolidated gross margin percentage increased 100 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 39.7%, with the improvement primarily coming from North America. Please note that the reported margin includes $4 million in restructuring-related costs classified in COGS, which represents a 10 basis point negative impact on gross margin. There's a little bit of rounding impact on the components, though adjusted gross margin, which excludes restructuring, is up 120 basis points. Overhead expenses increased 40 basis points to 29.7, primarily driven by North America and higher transformation costs in Europe. Restructuring and acquisition-related costs were $16 million as a result of ongoing expenses for the initiatives we announced in the second quarter of 2019 and acquisition integration. Interest expense was favorable by $4 million, a decrease of 11% compared to the fourth quarter of '18, owing to lower interest rates and lower average debt balances. Other income was favorable by $18 million, of which nearly all the variance relates to changes in miscellaneous gains and losses from acquisitions and divestitures, as well as impairment charges. Please note that these items are excluded from our calculation of adjusted EPS. Moving to income taxes. Our effective tax rate was 26.5%, which reflects a reduction in expense for the year to date catch-up caused by the finalization of the annual effective tax rate. Equity and earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries, which relates mostly to our investment in Mekonomen, reflected income of $1 million versus expense of $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. You will recall that we recorded a $48 million impairment charge on the Mekonomen investment a year ago. Please now turn to Slide 16 for highlights on segment performance, starting with North America. Gross margin was 46.1% or 260 basis points higher than the prior year. The margin expansion reflects the continued benefits of initiatives in both our aftermarket and salvage operations, as well as efforts in our glass business. Two additional items in the quarter took these to new highs. One, the positive revenue impact from the GM strike drove a favorable mix impact on gross margin. And two, precious metal prices had reached record levels, providing a boost to revenue per vehicle in our salvage operations. Falling scrap prices remained a drag on segment gross margin. Sequential changes in scrap prices had a unfavorable impact of $9 million for the quarter compared to a negative impact of $5 million a year ago, creating a $4 million year-over-year negative swing. However, self-service was able to show a quarter-over-quarter margin improvement due to the positive impact from sales of precious metals I referenced earlier. Operating expenses increased 90 basis points to 32.5% in the fourth quarter. As previously referenced, the North America segment produced 2.5% organic growth in parts and services revenue, which had a positive leverage effect, but there were several offsetting factors that pushed expenses higher than a year ago. First, incentive compensation contributed a 50 basis point year-over-year increase. Strong operating performance required upward revisions in bonus accruals, pushing expense higher than a year ago. Second, bad debt expense had an unfavorable impact of 30 basis points. Though to be perfectly clear, this wasn't a deterioration in collections this year as the variance is largely attributable to a high level of recoveries in Q4 of 2018 and saw a negative year-over-year comp. Third, a gain on the sale of a former Nashville facility a year ago drove a 30 basis point increase in overhead expenses as we did not have a similar gain this past quarter. Finally, as mentioned in the last few quarters, facility expenses continued to trend higher this year due to expansions and rate increases related to renewals, creating a further 20 basis point impact. Favorably, North America showed positive leverage of 30 basis points in other personnel costs through lower insurance claim costs, disciplined hiring and the implementation of the cost reduction plan described in the second quarter. In total, segment EBITDA for North America in the fourth quarter was $180 million, up $27 million or 180 basis points higher from the prior year. Closing out on North America. We know that we can't count on events like the GM strike or record high precious metal prices to be present every quarter. We undeniably saw a margin benefit from both these items, though I don't want to discount the margin achievement as pure good fortune. As the old saying goes, sometimes, you have to make your own luck. And the North America team deserves credit for being ready to serve the market when the GM strike disrupted supply. Being disciplined operators and seizing available opportunities, the North America team was able to deliver a fantastic quarter. Moving on to the European segment on Slide 19. Gross margin in Europe was 36.6%, down 10 basis points relative to the comparable period of 2018. Restructuring expenses in the U.K. represented a negative 20 basis point impact for the quarter. Outside of these charges, the segment gross margin was up 10 basis points, with benefits from higher purchasing rebates, mostly offset by lower margins in our Benelux, Eastern European and Italian operations due to lower prices and product mix. With respect to operating expenses, we experienced a 10 basis point decrease on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter a year ago. For Q4 2019, there was a 30 basis point headwind associated with the ongoing transformation efforts related to the 1 LKQ Europe program. Personnel expenses were favorable in 2019 by 40 basis points due to restructuring program savings and the benefits of a hiring freeze across the segment. European segment EBITDA totaled $108 million or 90 basis points increase over last year. As shown on Slide number 21, relative to the fourth quarter of '18, the pound sterling was roughly flat, though the euro weakened by 3% against the dollar, causing a negative effect from translation. Overall, there was a $0.02 headwind on adjusted EPS for the quarter, with roughly equal parts coming from the impact of transaction gains losses and translation. Segment EBITDA was 7. 6% for the quarter, up 10 basis points compared to the same period last year and includes a 30 basis point headwind owing to transformation expenses I referenced earlier. On a full year basis, segment EBITDA was 7. 8%, within the range we communicated on September 10, the 1 LKQ Europe call. And to be clear, this figure includes 20 basis points of transformation costs for the year. Turning to the specialty segment on Slide 22. The gross margin percentage declined by 100 basis points in Q4 due to equal impacts from sales mix, including a decrease in revenue from drop shipment sales, and timing of adjustments for customer rebate accruals. On the other hand, operating expenses improved by 50 basis points with reductions in personnel and freight costs more than offsetting higher vehicle expenses. Segment EBITDA for specialty was $25 million, and as a percentage of revenue was down 10 basis points to 8.4%. With the backdrop of a revenue decline in the fourth quarter, the specialty team continues to take action to control costs, as was evidenced by the year-over-year decrease in operating expense dollars. Let's move on to liquidity and the balance sheet. As presented on Slide 24, you'll note that our operating cash flow for 2019 was roughly $1.1 billion or 50% higher than 2018. The key working capital accounts, that is trade receivables, inventory and payables, generated a cash inflow of $46 million for the year compared to an outflow of $205 million a year ago. Our purchasing teams did great work in driving this improvement by applying a disciplined approach to inventory and soft trading conditions and working with our vendor partners to improve payment terms. CapEx for the year was $266 million, resulting in free cash flow of $798 million, a 73% increase over the prior year. To put this into perspective, our 2019 free cash flow was higher than our 2018 operating cash flow despite a $16 million year-over-year increase in CapEx. As discussed the last time, we analyzing the efficiency of our cash flows and what [ph] level of earnings we can convert to cash on a sustainable basis. Looking at slide 25, you can see a positive trend in the free cash flow to EBITDA conversion ratio this year based on the programs we put in place in the second half of 2018. We made significant strides this year to move this ratio closer to where we believe we can operate over the long term. There is further opportunity to improve our conversion, though we do not expect 2019 growth percentages to repeat at the same rate in 2020. In line with our ongoing judiciousness on capital allocation and capital structure, we concluded that redeeming our $600 million four and three quarters US dollar bonds due in 2023 using cash on hand and lower cost revolver debt was the best use of our liquidity. The cash generated during the fourth quarter was used to pay approximately $200 million of the bond redemption costs with the remaining funds provided by our credit facility. Additionally, we took the opportunity to exercise a purchase option on our North America headquarters in line with our long term commitment to the national area. We continue to believe that our balance sheet is in good position to support our business objectives. And finally, moving to Slide number 27, as of the 31st of December, we had $523 million of cash on hand, resulting in net debt of about $3.5 billion. Our net debt. leverage ratio remained level with the third quarter at 2.6 times, but still represents good progress from the 2.9 times rate as of December of 2018. We believe we’ll be able to decrease the stat again in 2020. Now, I would like to detail our annual guidance for 2020. Please note that the guidance assumes that scrap prices and foreign exchange rates hold at current levels, and the annual effective tax rate is 27.5%. Additionally, the guidance assumes no material disruptions associated with the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union, the coronavirus outbreak or any escalation in trade wars or tariffs. We believe North America is poised to carry its strong performance into 2020. We expect that Europe will continue to face some challenging economic conditions, though with the 1 LKQ Europe program and the various restructuring initiatives should take hold and produce further benefits. Specialty is actively seeking new revenue streams to combat the recent weakness and in the interim will remain focused on right sizing its cost structure for the revenue expectation. We have set organic parts and services revenue growth at 50 basis points to 250 basis points. Please note that with the leap here we'll have an extra selling day in the first quarter, and we'll hold that for the full year. Also, please note that exiting the low margin FCA battery contract will be a headwind of approximately 30 basis points on global organic and approximately 90 basis points on North America organic growth in 2020. Diluted EPS on a GAAP basis is a range of $2.20 to $2.32 while adjusted diluted EPS is a range of $2.46 to $2.58 cents. We are projecting solid business growth from a margin improvement efforts, especially in Europe. As discussed last September, we expect to take a step forward in our drive to double digit margins by producing a segment EBITDA margin for Europe in the range of 8.5% to 9.2%. Starting from a 7.8% base in 2019, the high end of the range will be a stretch, but we remain confident in our ability to finish within the range. Additionally, we should benefit with lower full year interest expense owing to the ongoing debt pay down. Cash flows from operations reflect a range of 1,150 billion. The midpoint of our guidance is roughly on par with our 2019 actual figure. Keep in mind that our 2019 cash flow growth was approximately 50%. We reached the $1 billion mark in operating cash flows a few years ahead of my expectations, meaning we benefited from significant working capital enhancements that we can't count on to repeat each year at the same level. We believe we can sustain the new elevated level of operating cash flows with continued focus on trade working capital management and the implementation of the vendor finance program in Europe. And finally, capital spending is set at a range of $250 million to $300 million, a modest increase from the current year level. And so finally, in summary, the fourth quarter was a solid overall result, with strong performance by North America, offsetting some softness in Europe and Specialty. The fourth quarter reinforced that we need to be disciplined in cost control to manage through low growth periods. We believe that our restructuring programs focused on productivity and the l LKQ Europe project has increased the resiliency of the model and positioned us for future success. Overall, we remain optimistic about our prospects for the future. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Nick for closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that financial overview. In closing, 2019 turned out to be a solid year of our company. Our North American operations extended its record of improving operating margins. The European team designed and began the implementation of 1 LKQ Europe, a multi year program that we believe will lead to enhanced levels of productivity and profitability. The specially team broadened its industry leading efforts in supporting the warranty programs of the RV OEMs and was diligent in honing its cost structure. And all the businesses made significant progress on what counts most, generating cash. Indeed, over $1 billion of cash from operations which we used in equal measure to reduce our leverage and repurchase our shares. None of this progress would have been possible without the collective efforts of the 51,000 people I am proud to call my colleagues and co-workers. To the men and women of LKQ I offer my sincere thanks and appreciation for all you did to both serve our customers and work in the best interest of our shareholders. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yeah. Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Wondering on the North American gross margins, obviously really strong in the fourth quarter, you noted some of the tailwinds more transitory, record metal prices, GM strike, but things that the freight backdrop do seem to be getting better heading into 2020. So can you help us think about the gross margin trajectory for the company as we head into 2020 as we weigh those put and takes?
Varun Laroyia: Absolutely, Daniel, and good morning to you, but also to everyone else joining us on the call this morning. I know it's fairly early, specifically out on the west coast. Listen with regards to North America as Nick and I mentioned earlier, we’re really happy with the way our North America business has continued to perform and execute against its margin enhancement initiatives. You'll recall, we started this entire program way back in 2018. And ready for the third quarter of ‘18 onwards, we slowly but surely continued to execute and move the needle up. The fourth quarter of 2019, as I was very clear about was it was significantly better than even our expectations. Clearly the GM strike was not planned. It was not in the budget, for example, but the agility and the nimbleness of our aftermarket team to be able to capitalize on that opportunity gives us a great amount of satisfaction that we have the right operators at the helm. In addition to that, if you think of it from a salvage perspective, that's another business of us that has really continued to perform very strongly across North America, across the entire year. And then with the record high, precious metal prices coming through, yet again, our salvage business both on the full service but also on self service, they essentially changed certain processes in terms of being able to harvest those precious metals. Again, capitalizing and the agility coming through of being able to capitalize on that opportunity. And that really is key for us. As we move forward into 2020, we are certainly not banking on those record high prices of precious metals continuing, as you know, the GM strike has ended. And so yes, the overall 14 points of segment EBITDA margin is significantly richer than what we would expect to be the usual cadence associated with that. If you were to try and bracket in terms of what the precious metals and say the GM strike benefited in the quarter, I probably give you roughly about 120 basis points of that - the uptick that we had, you know, we certainly – a large part of it was due to precious metals, but also due to the GM strikes. So if you kind of think of it year-over-year, the 180 basis points move up, I'd say about 120 of that 180 was related to precious metals and also GM strike. So think about from that perspective, the business without those two elements probably would have still been up at least 60 bps, you know, on a year-over-year basis. So again, continuing to execute on its margin enhancement initiatives. So just want to put that piece in terms of the 14 points is not the new normal. So please do not include that into your 2020 model going forward. There were some elements in the market that we were able to capitalize on.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Stephanie Benjamin with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi, good morning, I wanted to touch a little bit on some of the weakness that you’ve been seeing really last couple quarters in Italy – Italy and Germany, also announced some new leadership changes there as well. So maybe if you could kind of discuss what's driving some of the - the slow down, you know, is it macro, a little bit more company specific transitional issues, and, you know, just kind of some of the plans in place where we might expect to see some improvement there and some timing would be helpful? Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Stephanie. This is Nick. The macro economic conditions in Italy, I think is no surprise to anybody. It's very poor. The country has been in recession now for several quarters and that is absolutely flowing through the overall market dynamics. We are seeing and all of our competitors as we talked to people at trade shows and just in the business in general, there's been a downdraft in overall activity. That said, we did believe that we needed a leadership change. And so we have brought somebody on board from the outside to head up the Italian operation. Actually, it's an individual that worked with Arnd Franz at Molly [ph] and he worked under Arnd for about a dozen years. We're very confident in his abilities and believe that we will be able to, you know, move that business forward as we migrate through 2020. The German marketplace obviously a big market, again, experienced some overall softness The leadership change there is not necessarily related to the performance of the Stahlgruber business, which overall was good during 2019, but more of a recognition that we needed a single leader within the Stahlgruber business there. The structure when we acquired the business was there three kind of leaders who shared responsibilities, and we just needed a single head of that business. And so we made that change early this year. You know, we're not expecting the budget, if you will. This is not assuming that there's going to be a market uptick in either the Italian or the German markets that we do anticipate that we will be able to get better organic growth in both those countries and than we did in 2019.
Stephanie Benjamin: Great. Thank you for the color. I'll leave it at that.
Nick Zarcone: Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Yeah. Good morning. We do appreciate the comprehensive slide deck in 7 a.m. call. So thank you for that. Just want to touch on this Specialty business, you've got so much good news. But there was unexpected weakness in that category. Guess I want to understand should we expect weakness for at least the next three quarters as you kind of anniversary the impact of a relationship that - that has exited? And then two, what gives you confidence that there's that - that change is not part of a broader trend where you could get disintermediated more broadly? Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: Sure, Craig. Yeah. Built into the plan is an assumption that the Specialty business is going to be relatively flat during 2020. Maybe even down just a touch based on as you indicated, the need to anniversary some of these changes. We highlighted kind of two key customers, one of which is the result of an acquisition, where one of our customers was the acquired entity and the acquirer or always went through act. And so when they - when they bought our customer, they just put their volume through their direct distribution system. We don't think - we think that's a one-off. The other entity has a very unique market position with an incredible brand name. And they had the ability to take some, not all their value, but some of their volume back internally. And again, we think it's unique related to their brand identity as opposed to anything else. So we're not - we don't see it as an ongoing - as a ongoing trend.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you very much. Nick, Varun and Joe. On the cash flow, if I follow the math of what's in the guidance, make an assumption about D&A. So the midpoint of net income 695 gets a 324 D&A approximately, I'm at 10, 15 [ph] on cash flow from ops. So that says you're going to get another positive incremental, not as great as 2019 I get it. But working capital still helping, are we looking at that correctly?
Varun Laroyia: Yeah, I think. Michael, good morning. Its Varun out here. Listen, you kind of followed us, you know, from a cash perspective for the past few years and stuff. And all I can say is thank you yet again to a broader colleagues across all of LKQ for just a tremendous result coming on from a cash perspective. To kind of give you a little bit more and kind of get to your specific answer in any case, you know, when we put in place working capital metrics, and really what we call internally for our field folks is trade working capital, this is inventory, plus the receivables offset by payables, the underlying quality and I think you can kind of work the math out through the public tables that we've put out there in any cases. The company has made progress on all three fronts. It wasn't just a case of pushing up tables. It wasn't just a case of throttling back or being more judicious on the inventory. We picked up days inventory on hand in terms of lower on these inventory on hand. We push DPO [ph] up a little bit. And we've also gotten some DSO down, albeit very little, because we haven't changed any terms on our customers. All we really focused on is collecting past due receivables, right. But the sheer scale at which our business has been able to deliver on this is, as I said, I'm just tremendously pleased with that. And so if you think of it from a EBITDA conversion level to OCF, yeah, I mean, that's a high percentage versus where we've historically been. In 2018 we moved up. In 2019 we moved up significantly. And to kind of give you a rough math, just on trade working capital, it was down $250 million across inventory, receivables and tables, despite the fact that reported revenues were up $630 million. If you kind of go back to our Investor Day in May of 2018, you can recall, I kind of shown a trend to everybody in terms of how trade working capital as a percentage of revenue had been steadily increasing for the previous five years, up to kind of north of $0.24 in the revenue dollar. That is the one that we focused on. And by focusing on those very specific items, not confusing everyone in terms of what we were trying to do, we've made a tremendous amount of progress. And so, as you think about it, yes, we do expect to grow some, but as I said, it's at this point of time we are now in a sustainability mode, okay. How do we continue to hit the conversion levels that we were able to achieve in 2019? I do not expect this level of trade working capital decline in 2020. But again, there were certain elements that we had to get reset, which we've been able to do and that's a case of continuing to deliver on the sustainability of EBITDA conversion. So that's really where we are. But I think your math roughly holds.
Michael Hoffman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: On the working capital conversation Varun, can you give us an update as to where we are on payables? I guess specifically on the European side of the business? I think your accounts payable were a little bit higher than they were in the prior year. But you know, clearly versus the O'Reilly's of the world much lower. So, I guess what's the thought there?
Varun Laroyia: Yeah. So I'll give you - I'll give you two key points out that Bret. Number one, as I said in my previous response, we made progress both - actually across all three elements of trade working capitals, so day's inventory on hand has come down. DPO has moved up and then DSO is marginally down by about a day. But DPO is up by about four days for the entire enterprise. Now think of it from that perspective and as we think of the cash conversion cycle, we picked up the better part of seven to eight days in terms of where we were even say a year ago, right. So great progress on that front, and from two years ago that much more. Specifically to your question about how is the European payables program coming along. Listen it is coming along right at expectations. There were two key elements that I talked about. The end outcome really is to ensure that we have better payment terms across our European business. No different to say some of the big box folks enjoy out here in the North America business. Clearly they've been at it for the better part of a decade and a half, almost kind of two decades. We were just kind of getting started a year ago and really where we've come through is, we focus on the largest markets with regards to the vendor financing program and really there's two kind of alternatives for our suppliers. The end result being we need better payment terms. And a number of our suppliers have either signed up to the vendor financing program, which is great news. And there are others who say listen, if you're kind of go through that entire process of getting invoices, going through an EDI link, connecting to financial situation, it's too complicated, we will give you the terms that you're looking for. The end result is we are seeing you know, with contracts that are essentially kicking in for 2020, we are seeing that payment terms being extended in line with what our expectations are and then to kind of close the loop for you, if you kind of go back to the September 10th 1 LKQ Europe call that we had, we were very specific in terms of what level of cash we anticipated generating, which is about $200 million, by the end of 2021 we are right on track. We’re very confident that 2020 will play out exactly the way we planned. The team has made tremendous progress out there and yeah, happy with how things are progressing.
Bret Jordan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Nice, she got it. Quick question on Europe margin targets, you guys gave the analyst day back in September, it kind of gave some annual targets for the next couple of years. Obviously, macro remains really challenging. You've added some leadership changes, just kind of curious what your latest thinking is, those are still the right targets and kind of like what you've learned as you delve deeper to those plans? Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Chris. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, the 1 LKQ Europe program is on track and on plan. The expectation is that - kind the guidance, if you will, that we provided on September 10, related to the margin accretion over the next couple years, that those ranges are still valid. As Varun indicated in his comments, 2020 getting to the top, top end of the range is going to be a bit of a stretch. But within the range, we are comfortable. And so really, there's been no change. I mean, it's, it's only been, you know, the better part of a little bit more than a quarter that we're into the program. We're affecting the changes that we believe were necessary to get us to the promised land, if you will. We are making progress. You know, there are going to be some things that are not going to go according to plan, and they're going to be some other things that actually do better than, than we expect. And so we're taking it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but by enlarge we are comfortable with the guidance provided back in September.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with C.L. King. Please go ahead.
Scott Stember: Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Just going back to Specialty, you outlined the issues that happened in the quarter. We expect that to continue, I guess, at least for the next couple of quarters. But you then said that you would expect organic sales to be flat. So I'm assuming you're expecting some of these like the additional RV OEM warranty program that some of the positive developments at SEMA. So maybe just talk about how that will progress to actually offset which seems to be a pretty sizable losses in sales that you had this past year. Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: Yeah. So you know, during 2019 the Speciality group started supplying the OE manufacturers actually they're dealing that work with warranty parts, because we can do it for efficiently than the OEs can do themselves. Again, that was a slow ramp. But now we're at the point where we have every major OE manufacturer in the barn if you will, where we are the leading and the supplier of their, of their warranty parts. And so we will get a positive benefit of that through 2020, as each of those programs ramp up and anniversary. We've got some other key elements, we’ve talked about Warn, which is our Winch, business, with several new programs that we think are going to provide positive benefits. And then you know, the historical legacy of the Specialty group, which is the kind of the automotive accessories, you know, that businesses is doing okay. And so we do believe that there's going to be some gives and some takes, which is taken as a whole will largely offset each other.
Scott Stember: Got it. Thank you.
Nick Zarcone: No problem.
Varun Laroyia: Thank you.
Operator: There no further question at this time, I will turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Well as always we greatly appreciate your time and attention. We know that this reporting season is incredibly busy for all of you and the time you spent with us is greatly appreciated. We are looking forward to a very good and productive 2020. We will come back together in about 60 days to report our first quarter results. And again, I just want to reiterate to all the men and women of LKQ, we really appreciate everything they have done and will continue to do to make our company perform well and serve our customers and our shareholders. So with that, we bring the call to a close. And thank you for your time and attention today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol. And I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With us today are, Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.  For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. This morning, I will provide some high-level comments related to our performance in the third quarter and then Varun will dive into the segments and related financial details before I come back with a few closing remarks. We believe Q3 was a strong quarter for our company and we are very pleased with the results despite facing some ongoing macroeconomic headwinds particularly in Europe. Each of our three segments showed important improvements in their respective operating metrics, particularly with respect to EBITDA margins which on a consolidated basis, showed a year-over-year improvement for the first time in several quarters. That gives us confidence that our disciplined approach to the market and keen focus on enhancing margins will continue to create positive outcomes.  During the quarter, we repurchased 3.9 million shares of our stock for a total of $101 million, reflecting an average price of about $26 a share. Since we implemented the share repurchase program last October, our total repurchases have aggregated 13.2 million shares for a total of $352 million or an average price of approximately $26.66 a share. I am pleased to report that this week our Board approved an additional $500 million to the repurchase plan and extended the time period to October 2022. With that, we have almost $650 million of capacity under the amended plan. As noted on Slide 5, revenue for the third quarter was $3.15 billion, and eight-tenths of 1% increase over the $3.12 billion recorded in the comparable period of 2018. Parts and services organic growth for the third quarter increased 2.3% on a reported basis, and when adjusting for one more selling day in each of our operating segments, the increase in organic revenue growth for parts and services was positive, nine-tenths of 1%. Acquisitions added eight-tenths of 1% of growth, while currencies had a negative impact of 2.3%.  Net income was $152 million compared to the $134 million for the same period in 2018, an increase of 13% year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.49 a share as compared to $0.42 for the same period of 2018, an increase of 17% year-over-year. On an adjusted basis, net income was $189 million, an increase of 6% as compared to the $177 million for the same period last year.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.61, as compared to $0.56 for the same period of 2018, a 9% increase. We are pleased with the level of EPS growth considering the marginal uptick in revenue.  Now let's turn to the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 7 organic revenue growth for parts and services in our North American segment was 2.9% in the quarter, a nice sequential uptick from Q2 and against a tough Q3 comp year-over-year. When adjusting for one more selling day in the quarter, North American organic revenue growth increased 1.4%, which was also a sequential uptick from Q2. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that collision and liability related auto claims increased just five-tenths of 1% in the quarter. Encouragingly, the CCC data represents the first quarterly year-over-year increase in repairable claims since the third quarter of 2018. The uptick in frequency is related to an increase in miles driven, more severe and frequent weather in certain markets and the ongoing increase in distracted driving.  Consistent with the year-to-date results, during the third quarter, the growth in recycled products was higher than that for aftermarket, though the aftermarket line showed improving trends as we moved through the quarter. Again, our North America's team's focus on profitable growth drove excellent year-over-year margin improvements.  Segment gross margins were 44.2% and EBITDA margins were 12.8% reflecting improvements of 100 basis points, and 50 basis points respectively when compared to the third quarter of 2018. These are among the best third quarter margins our North American team has achieved in five years. Furthermore, when removing the self-service business, which experienced the greatest downward impact on margins from the continued steep decline in scrap prices, gross margins and EBITDA margins for the rest of our North American segment were up 120 basis points and 80 basis points respectively. These strong margins are evidence that our focus on profitable revenue is working.  As just mentioned, scrap metal pricing tumbled during the quarter and placed pressure on Q3 results. As Varun will discuss, this will unfortunately set an even higher hurdle with respect to our fourth quarter results.  We also continue to grow our parts offerings with aftermarket collision SKU offerings, and the total number of certified parts available growing 5% and 10.3% respectively year-over-year in the third quarter. As evidenced that we continue to take share, during the quarter, our team successfully negotiated a new three year contract with a top tier customer. Under this new agreement, LKQ will be the primary provider of alternative replacement parts for this customer across the United States with incentives to grow their annual volume with us.  Additionally, during the quarter the team launched a regional pilot program with a top five insurance carrier to be their preferred supplier for all recycled parts. As part of this program, we are highlighted within CCC's estimating platform to show our parts first in the search function and are specifically designated as the approved supplier for this carrier. While we don't anticipate this pilot program to have a material impact on our results, if eventually rolled out on a national basis, it could provide an uptick to our salvage volumes. Lastly on North America, during the quarter our glass business PGW and FCA Mopar, mutually agreed to end the agreement related to the distribution of batteries to the FCA dealer network. Similar to rationalizing our asset base, we are continuously looking at our product portfolio to assure we are focusing on profitable revenue. While ending this agreement will negatively impact our organic revenue growth in Q4 and throughout 2020, it will have a nominal impact on earnings in both periods and will improve the future operating margins of our PGW business.  Moving to our European segment, organic revenue growth for parts and services in the third quarter increased 2.1% on a reported basis, and seven-tenths of 1% on a same day basis. Acquisitions added 1.3% of revenue growth to the European results, while the strong dollar resulted in a negative impact of 4.6%. As noted by other public companies with European exposure, the soft economic backdrop continues to create an industry headwind.  That said, our performance on a relative basis appears to be strong, which gives us confidence that we are gaining share. While we don't disclose country-by-country detail, on a same day basis, we witnessed positive organic revenue growth for each of the markets in which we operate, except for Germany, which was essentially flat, and Italy, which was down. The Italian market continues to face significant macroeconomic headwinds. Across the continent, we expect trade disputes with the U.S. along with Brexit related uncertainty to continue to weigh on the European economies. With respect to Brexit, as most of you know, on October 28, European leaders agreed in principle to extend the Brexit deadline until January 31, 2020. We continue to closely monitor the Brexit situation to ensure our UK business is positioned accordingly with appropriate inventory levels.  As most of you on the call are aware, on September 10, we provided the investment community with an overview of our European strategy. The call focused on our transformation into a sleeker, more agile organization, which internally we refer to as 1 LKQ Europe.  As I stated on the September call, going forward, we will begin to operate more as a single business as opposed to a collection of independent businesses. Today, we are by a wide margin, the largest most profitable distributor of automotive parts in Europe, with metrics that are unparalleled in the industry with respect to the number of countries and customers served, the number of locations operated, SKUs offered and total revenue generated. Our goal now is to optimize all aspects of 1 LKQ Europe.  Importantly, during Q3, we experienced a 90 basis points sequential improvement in EBITDA margins compared to only 20 basis points of sequential growth in 2018. The margin improvement is entirely consistent with the expectations we set forth during our call last month. And as Varun will discuss, the improvement is after covering approximately 10 basis points of transformation expenses. As Europe has become a larger portion of our global revenue and as part of our Board’s ongoing director refreshment process, on October 3, we announced the addition of Patrick Berard to our Board of Directors. As CEO of Rexel Group, Patrick has a successful track record of leading global B2B distribution networks. His operational knowledge and experience of the European markets will provide tremendous value to the Board and the organization as we continue to execute our 1 LKQ Europe strategy, and we welcome his addition to our Board. Alongside Robert Hanser who joined our Board in 2016, Patrick represents the second addition to the Board with extensive experience in the European markets and distribution.  Now let's move on to our specialty segment. During Q3, organic revenue growth for parts and services for our specialty segment increased 1.5% on a reported basis and was generally flat when adjusting for one more selling day as we continued to face unfavorable market conditions in Canada. On the plus side, the rollout of our RV OEM warranty programs continues to yield positive results and were well received at the RV Open House event in Elkhart, Indiana in September. Additionally, the team finalized a designated supplier agreement to be the aftermarket parts and services provider to Cap-IT Genuine Truck Ware stores.  Moving on to corporate development. The third quarter was quiet with no acquisitions closing during Q3. On the first day of Q4, we closed on the acquisition of another diagnostics and calibration business in North America. This represents our second transaction in the services sector, and is consistent with our strategy to become a leader in the diagnostics and calibration market. During the third quarter, our development team continued to make solid progress with our assets held for sale efforts, and ongoing rationalization of our asset base and the divestiture of non-core businesses.  On August 8, we announced the divestiture of our recycled aviation parts business AeroVision International. Additionally, on October 1, we announced that we merged our subsidiary Auto Kelly Bulgaria with Elit Kar creating one of Bulgaria's leading distributors of automotive spare parts. LKQ now owns a 20% equity interest in the combined business.  Finally, during Q3, we continued our efforts in rationalizing our branch network in Europe by closing six underperforming branches in Western Europe and two in Eastern Europe.  And with that, I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who’ll run through the details of the segment results and discuss our updated 2019 guidance. 
Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter performance, especially related to improvement in segment EBITDA margin, and strong free cash flow generation. These are exciting times for us as the field teams have embraced our key financial priorities of profitable revenue growth, margin expansion and free cash flow generation. The results speak for themselves.  Seeing the positive momentum carrying through the third quarter enhances our confidence about LKQ's strategic priorities and our ability to deliver on them. Before diving into the results, let's start with the key financial highlights.  Operating cash flows in the third quarter were $327 million, the second highest quarterly amount in the company's history, trailing only the most recent previous quarter, that being the second quarter of 2019. Our segment teams are doing a tremendous job managing trade working capital to deliver strong operating cash flows. After two historically high quarters of cash flow generation, we do expect to see a softer fourth quarter in terms of operating cash flows. I'll cover the full year outlook in the guidance discussion.  Free cash flow for the quarter totaled $262 million or $126 million higher than the same period in 2018 and $800 million on a September year-to-date basis. While the absolute number of free cash flow is important, we are also actively analyzing the efficiency of our cash flows and what level of our earnings we can convert to cash on a sustainable basis.  Looking at slide number 25, you can see a positive trend in the free cash flow to EBITDA conversion ratio this year on the programs we put in place in the second half of 2018. This year's growth trajectory is well above our initial expectations. And while that ratio will moderate in the fourth quarter, I am very encouraged about the improvement relative to the last five years. The strong cash flows enabled us to buy back 3.9 million shares of LKQ’s stock for approximately $101 million in the third quarter.  Looking at slide number 26, for the program to-date we have purchased 13.2 million shares at an average price of $26.66, a healthy discount to recent trading levels. Additionally, we paid down debt by $109 million in the quarter and $391 million in the nine months through September 30. By doing so, we were able to decrease our net leverage ratio to 2.6 times, which is the same level as the first quarter of 2018, the last quarter before we acquired Stahlgruber. Getting back to the pre-acquisition leverage ratio, following the company's largest ever transaction, within five quarters is a terrific accomplishment. And this of course does not reflect the active share repurchase program I referenced earlier. Returning cash to our shareholders while reducing our net leverage ratio speaks to the strength of our business to generate strong cash flows. Nick mentioned the $500 million expansion to the share repurchase authorization, which is supported by our expectation of sustained strong cash flows, and the success of our share repurchase program to-date.  Now I will cover our consolidated and segment results, similar to last quarter, to save myself some words and also as the accompanying earnings deck is largely self explanatory, when I refer to net income and diluted EPS, please note that I will be referring to the amounts from continuing operations attributable to LKQ shareholders. In addition, Nick covered the details on net income and earnings per share, so I will not repeat.  Please turn to slides 12 and 13 of the presentation for a few points on the consolidated third quarter results. The consolidated gross margin percentage decreased 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.1%, though please note that the reported margin includes $17 million in restructuring related costs classified in cost of goods sold, which represents a 50 basis point negative impact on gross margin. Setting aside the restructuring, we saw improvement in the quarter driven by 100 basis point improvement in North America.  Restructuring and acquisition related costs in operating expenses were $9 million as a result of ongoing expenses related primarily to the restructuring initiative we announced last quarter. Interest expense was favorable by $9 million or lower by 21% compared to the third quarter of 2018, owing to low interest rates and average debt balances and some favorable translation effects.  Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 28.1% for the quarter, which reflects the incremental expense for the year-to-date catch up, caused by a change in our estimate of the annual effective tax rate. We increased the estimated rate to 27.5%, up from 27% this quarter, primarily due to a shift in our projected geographic allocation of income. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries, which relates mostly to our investment in Mekonomen reflected income of $4 million versus expense of $20 million in the third quarter of 2018. You will recall that we recorded a $23 million impairment charge on our Mekonomen investment last year.  Now please turn to Slide 16 for highlights on segment performance starting with North America. Gross margin was 44.2% or 100 basis points higher than last year. For the most part, the margin expansion reflects the continued benefits of initiatives in both of our aftermarket and salvage operations, as well as efforts in our glass business to be recognized for our quality of service and breadth and depth of inventory, and also the ability and successfully to renegotiate underperforming contracts.  While the self-service operation was a drag on segment gross margin, with a quarter-over-quarter decrease due to scrap pricing, the impact was not material on a year-over-year basis. Sequential changes in scrap prices had an unfavorable impact of $8 million for the quarter, compared to a negative impact of $7 million in the third quarter of 2018, creating a $1 million year-over-year negative swing. With scrap trading at even lower levels in October, we are anticipating a further hit in the fourth quarter.  Operating expenses increased by 50 basis points relative to the prior year to 32% for the third quarter of 2019. We picked up a selling day this year, which had a positive leverage effect, but there were several offsetting factors that pushed expenses higher than a year ago.  First, incentive compensation contributed to a 50 basis points increase year-over-year. Last year, the segment fell behind in its bonus targets, causing downward revisions of the bonus accrual, whereas this year's strong performance generated upward revisions in the third quarter.  Second, as mentioned previously, facilities expenses continued to trend higher this year due to expansions and rate increases related to renewals. Facilities expenses increased by 40 basis points relative to a year ago. Our North America team is actively working on monitoring underperforming locations for potential rationalization.  On the positive side, North America showed positive leverage in other personnel costs through lower insurance claim costs as well as disciplined hiring, and implementation of the cost reduction plan I described last quarter. In total, segment EBITDA for North America in the third quarter was $166 million, up $12 million or 60 basis points higher than the prior year.  Closing out on North America, I'd like to recognize the team for following through on the pursuit of the profitable revenue growth objectives. A year ago, we disclosed a 70 basis points decrease in segment EBITDA margin in a period with 5.2% organic parts and services revenue growth. This year, North America has recovered almost the full variance in margin with organic parts and services revenue growth of 1.4% on a per day basis. A disciplined approach of focusing on profitable revenue growth has been a significant enabler of the year-over-year margin improvement.  Moving on to the European segment on Slide 19, gross margin in Europe was 35.3%, down 130 basis points relative to the comparable period of 2018. As Nick previously noted, we recognized restructuring expenses in the United Kingdom for branch and brand rationalization related to the Andrew Page operation. These expenses represented a negative 120 basis point impact for the quarter. Outside of these charges, the segment gross margin was roughly flat, with lower margins in our Central European operations due to pricing and mix mostly offset by benefits of 30 basis points from centralized procurement and improving margins in the United Kingdom.  With respect to operating expenses, we experienced a 30 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter from a year ago. Personnel expenses represented the largest portion of the increase, primarily related to the tightening of bonus accrual adjustments, wage inflation and the negative leverage effect caused by lower sales growth.  For the third quarter of 2019, there was a 10 basis point headwind associated with the ongoing transformation efforts related to the 1 LKQ Europe program. The relatively low amount in the quarter reflects that many projects are in the early stages, and all the costs are currently being capitalized, for example, in the ERP program. We expect the operating expense portion of these costs to increase in the fourth quarter and going forward into 2020.  European segment EBITDA totaled $125 million, a 3.6% decrease over last year. As shown on slide number 21, relative to the third quarter of 2018, both the sterling and the euro weakened by 5% and 4% respectively against the dollar causing a negative effect from translation. The net effect on GAAP EPS this quarter was not material, but represented about a penny headwind on adjusted EPS. Segment EBITDA was 8.6% for the quarter, down 20 basis points compared to the same period last year, with about half of the decrease attributable to transformation costs.  We remain confident in our ability to deliver the outcomes detailed in our September 10 1 LKQ Europe goal and expect to finish the full year within the previously disclosed segment EBITDA margin range of 7.8% to 8.3%.  Turning to the specialty segment on Slide 22, the gross margin percentage declined 80 basis points in Q3 relative to the comparable period of 2018. Of this amount, 40 basis points related to unfavorable product mix, while 20 basis points resulted from higher net product costs, as our supplier discounts were lower than realized in the prior year.  On the other hand, operating expenses improved by 130 basis points with reductions in personnel and freight costs, more than offsetting higher selling expenses. The improvement is partially attributable to the leverage benefit from an additional selling day in the third quarter in 2019. Segment EBITDA for specialty was $45 million, up about 6% from Q3 of 2018 and as a percentage of revenue was up 50 basis points to 11.5%. With a backdrop of low revenue growth, the specialty team has taken decisive action, as evidenced by the year-over-year decrease in operating expense dollars and continues to evaluate the cost structure to protect the segment margin.  Let's move on to liquidity and the balance sheet. As presented on Slide 24, you will note that our operating cash flow for Q3 was $327 million or 70% higher than a year ago. Our key working capital accounts that is trade receivables, inventory and payables generated a cash inflow of $58 million in the quarter compared to an outflow of $64 million a year ago. The purchasing teams continue to take a disciplined approach to inventory, given soft trading conditions, which has contributed to a year-over-year improvement in working capital.  That said, we anticipate inventory to represent a use of cash in the fourth quarter as we take advantage of buying opportunities and build inventory for the expected seasonal revenue increase going into Q1. Do note that while we are making solid progress on the vendor financing program in Europe, we do not expect meaningful benefits till we get into the new year.  CapEx for the quarter was $64 million, resulting in free cash flow for the quarter of $262 million and $800 million on a year-to-date basis.  Finally, moving to Slide number 27, as of September 30, we had $433 million of unrestricted cash, resulting in net debt of about $3.5 billion.  Now, I would like to provide an update on our annual guidance. Please note the guidance assumes that scrap prices and foreign exchange rates hold at current levels. As Nick noted earlier, we are pleased with the third quarter results. North America continues to perform well despite the ongoing challenges in scrap metal prices. Our specialty segment is continuing to create new service offerings that have won industry-wide acclaim and has been decisive on costs given the revenue outlook. We see challenges with European economic conditions, holding for the remainder of the year. And despite the underlying business being resilient, the management team is adapting to the softer market conditions by accelerating the integration and cost efficiency programs in addition to simplifying by thoughtfully evaluating various programs that may not deliver benefit in the near-term.  As you’ll recall, details of the European actions were provided at a comprehensive briefing on September 10. As mentioned earlier, we expect scrap metal prices to continue to negatively impact our results in the fourth quarter. Despite this backdrop, we are holding the adjusted EPS at the midpoint of $2.34, while appreciating some headwind in Q4 from scrap metal prices and FX at the current levels. We are increasing our expected cash flows from operations for the year by $150 million at the low end to $950 million and by $125 million to hit $1 billion at the high end.  I'll run you through the updated guidance figures. Organic parts and services revenue growth revised to 25 basis points to 100 basis points for the full year to take into account the actual for the most recent quarter. Diluted EPS on a GAAP basis is updated to a range of $1.69 to $1.76 accounting for the first half activity primarily related to the non-cash impairment charges as well as restructuring charges incurred through September; Adjusted diluted EPS in a narrower range of $2.31 to $2.37, and so $2.34 at the midpoint. Cash flows from operations has been increased to a range of $950 million to a $1 billion and capital spending range is narrowed to $240 million to $260 million.  In summary, the third quarter has several highlights showing where actions are bearing fruit such as North American margins and generating strong free cash flow that's funded the ongoing share repurchase program and the materially higher debt pay down. While the softer macro conditions in Europe and the ongoing downward pressure in scrap gives us full support, we believe there is resiliency in the model to adjust to the market conditions and deliver on our commitments. Overall, we remain optimistic about our prospects for the future.  Now, I'll turn the call back to Nick for closing remarks.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that financial overview. In closing, I would like to review a few of the key initiatives discussed on previous calls that will continue to be points of focus during the balance of 2019 and as we begin our 2020 budgeting process.  First, we will continue to integrate our businesses and simplify our operating model. Second, we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth and sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will continue to drive higher levels of cash flow, which in turn, give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. And fourth, we will continue to invest in our future.  And as you can see from our third quarter results, these programs and targets are gaining momentum throughout the organization. And our teams are diligently working towards achieving their respective goals.  We have well thought out plans, are focused on crisp execution, and we are achieving positive results. I want to thank our over 51,000 team members who daily endeavor to overcome the short-term variables that are out of our control by tackling opportunities to drive organic sales, aggressively pursue market share gains, implement operational efficiencies to enhance the productivity and profitability of our organization, and to provide industry-leading customer service. We believe that when combined, these factors will create long-term value for our stockholders.  And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question this morning comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison : Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. And apologies for the background noise. Varun, the cash flow is such an impressive piece of the story right now. And I'm curious, to the extent you're drawing down inventory on a per location basis, if you will, have you seen any impact on fulfillment rates or have you been able to sustain those fulfillment rates?
Varun Laroyia : Craig, hey, good morning. It's Varun here. I think it's a great question. And as I said in some of the upfront remarks, the teams have just been doing a phenomenal job on the trade working capital program.  Just for the quick memory jogger, trade working capital comprises inventory tables offset by trade receivables. And as we said, we were in a overbought position in several locations as we have optimized our overall distribution, including the level of inventory that we were holding in several sites. We have certainly seen a reduction. The other piece to note is, as we've always talked about, as revenue becomes a little bit softer -- and again, this is in line with the pursuit of profitable revenue, so the quality of revenue, inventories will also get readjusted. And that really is what's happening.  To your specific question with regards to are we seeing any stock out scenarios or any drop in fulfillment rates? Absolutely not. This will be done very, very carefully in terms of where we were holding excess inventory, inventory that was not moving for example. And to kind of give you one specific example, you would have noted that we took a COGS restructuring for our Andrew Page operations in the United Kingdom. Again, as part of the branch and brand rationalization, there was inventory that frankly did not fit with the future plans for that business. And that's really how it's taking place. But no, we're seeing no drop off in any fulfillment rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordon: Hey, could you talk about the impact from this Fiat Chrysler battery distribution shift? I mean, I guess what was it? What would be the revenue comparison with it exiting the business? What's the margin benefit? I think those were sort of profitable sales. And then what's the timing on it? Does it impact the fourth quarter or is that 2020 shift? 
Nick Zarcone: Thanks, Brett. We started the FCA agreement in January of 2018. As we ran through last year, clearly the impact on organic growth was about 1% in a positive fashion. So that's basically what we're going to be giving up over the next 12 months. It will start a bit here in Q4. It won't be a full impact, probably 70 to 80 basis points of pressure on organic. And then we'll -- obviously the full revenue give back, if you will, will occur in 2020. But again, the reason for not renewing that contract is it wasn't meeting our internal kind of hurdles as it relates to margins and returns. And I think the folks at FCA appreciated that. So it was a amicable kind of separation, if you will. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, while it will have an impact on our organic growth, the impact on earnings will be nominal. And so margins will be going up by getting rid of that low margin business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Benjamin from SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Stephanie Benjamin: I wanted to touch on what you're seeing in the North America aftermarket business. I think you pointed to salvage really outperforming but you were seeing some acceleration on the aftermarket side as we moved throughout the quarter. Is that more function of just seeing some easier comps or how should we kind of think about the performance of really the strength in the salvage and then what's going on in the aftermarket? Thanks.
Nick Zarcone: Sure. On the salvage side, obviously we have a leading position. We've been able to buy cars, total losses at a reasonable price. And so our margins in that business are strong and we believe they will continue to be strong. On the aftermarket side of the business, again, the growth early in the quarter was a little bit slower. We showed progress during the quarter. The early returns here in October look very good as it relates to aftermarket product. We think some of it, again, has to do with the pitch towards higher APU by the insurance companies and obviously aftermarket products are a largest share of the alternative marketplace. We've seen a little bit of positive movement out of the folks down in Bloomington at State Farm. Nothing to write home about, but again, the movement in the positive direction, if you will.  And then actually the GM strike has helped us a little bit as well. So there's a number of things that are kind of gentle tailwinds in the aftermarket business, and we're anticipating that they will continue in Q4. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Michael Hoffman : Hi, thank you very much for questions. Happy Diwali, Varun.
Varun Laroyia : Last weekend.
Michael Hoffman : Yes, it was. Cash flow from operations, is that, one of its best percent of revenues ever. Where can that go and how do I think about that progressing into next year? 
Varun Laroyia : Great question, Michael and really appreciate the kind wishes for Diwali also. It is a big event in the Hindu calendar. And again for those of you that celebrate Halloween and my family celebrates all of it, Happy Halloween to everyone, we’re certainly enjoying great LKQ weather here in Chicago, needless to say. Yes, and with regards to cash flow generation, this is something that we've talked to the markets for quite some time. This is a case of operating our businesses with a tremendous amount of focus. Again, as I kind of said in some of my upfront comments, the pace at which our field teams have taken over this initiative has been phenomenal. We are thrilled about it, and it really gives us various options. If you think about it the way we have deployed the capital over the last year, last four quarters, it's been a balanced capital allocation strategy. Not only have we bought back $352 million worth of LKQ stock, in addition to that last 12 months, we've paid down close to $426 million on our debt that we've been carrying also.  In addition to that, as we think about going into 2020, there will be the seasonal uptick with regards to revenue. And so, we are seeing at this point of time certain buying opportunities in all three of our segments, North America wholesale, Europe and also specialty, and we will judiciously deploy that cash.  And with regards to the share repurchase program, given the success of that program, as we announced earlier this morning, the Board has re-upped for further $500 million. So at this point of time, we have close to $650 million of capacity. And then again the debt pay down will continue. We don't talk about corp dev transactions in any case, but we have made a commitment that there were no large platform transactions that were in the pipeline and it really will be kind of going back towards our debt pay down, share repurchases and things along those lines.  I think the one piece that I'm not sure very many people have noticed that at the high end of our operating cash flows in the upgraded guidance, we’re calling out $1 billion of operating cash flows in the current fiscal year. And we think that is tremendous. It doesn't happen overnight. And again, just really a massive thanks to our field teams for really getting back in terms of the focus on this initiative. As we think going forward, various options to move forward in terms of how we deploy the cash. There are plenty of alternatives and I'm happy to report that there are a number of very exciting opportunities of what we can do. We will certainly give further guidance when we give guidance for 2020 in terms of more robustness in terms of how we plan to deploy that capital. But as of now, we do have several levers that we could deploy that cash. 
Nick Zarcone: And Michael, one of the things going forward that has had almost no impact thus far is the vendor financing program, as Varun indicated in his prepared remarks, that will really begin to kick in next fiscal year. And so that will be in an incremental lever that we will have on a going forward basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to follow up on the revenue rationalization. You guys have done a great job kind of rationalizing unprofitable business in both the U.S. and Europe. You mentioned the FCA contract, but how far along are we in that process? Is there still further business that you think you can rationalize in Europe and then same question for the U.S. as well? 
Nick Zarcone: Yes, so in the U.S., we think we're largely done. Again, we spent a lot of time last year, early this year really focusing on profitable revenue growth and margins, gross margins in our North American business. Clearly, the FCA contract didn't fit within that, those parameters. So again, we decided to exit. In Europe it’s less of a product line review and more of a kind of a country-by-country review. I mean part of the reason for exiting Bulgaria was, it was an incredibly low margin opportunity. We still have some other businesses that are being held for sale in Europe and they are lower margin businesses as well.  We continue to monitor and will continue to monitor both on a product line basis and kind of a legal entity basis to find opportunities we’re looking forward. It's just -- those activities or businesses just are not going to return on the level of margins and return on capital that we believe our shareholders desire. And we will continue to be aggressive in kind of pruning opportunities, but there's no one big material item out there, Daniel. It's kind of pruning some smaller businesses and/or lines of business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: So yes, first off a great job on the free cash flow and North America margins really impressive. I did want to focus on Europe with that said. Relative to the guidance that you gave on 9/10, just wanted to get a sense where it looks like kind of a steep implied ramp in Q4, did something change at all at the margin when you gave that guidance or was this always meant to be Q4 weighted? And then -- nothing that’s out of the way. And then this is a related thought. I don't speak Dutch, but it seems like you've made some branding efforts in the Netherlands and Belgium with rebranding Fource. I was hoping you can kind of comment on what you're doing there and kind of what that means for the overall portfolio. If you see a broader rebranding taking place? Thank you. 
Nick Zarcone: Yes, so I'll start and Varun can fill in. The results for the third quarter for Europe were exactly in line with our expectations when we set forth the guidance back on September 10th. And yes, we anticipate that Q4 will be a decent quarter for us in Europe. And so there's no change if you will in the kind of the quarterly progression from what we anticipated back on September 10th.  As it relates to your comment in the Netherlands and Fource, the reality is, while we refer to Sator as the broader organization in the Benelux region, and that's the name of the holding company, our go-to-market brand has always been Fource. And that's been the case for many, many years. I think what you may have seen is, some programs where that -- kind of has bubbled up to the surface. But there's no change there. That's always been our trade name in the Benelux region. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel : I want to follow-up on EBITDA for Europe in the fourth quarter if I could. I'm just curious, do you think you can expand margins year-over-year or is the macro still too much to overcome?
Varun Laroyia: Ryan, it’s Varun. Yes, we do believe we can expand it. I’ll give you a couple of data points to think through. First of all from the investor discussion we had seven weeks ago, on the 10th of September with regards to Europe, we were very careful in terms how we were putting forward the cadence of the margin progression, not only for 2019 but the next few years also. Nothing has changed on that front, even including the macroeconomic piece, it has been playing out exactly the way we thought it to be.  You will probably recall in the second quarter we had called out a restructuring plan. And the restructuring plan essentially was to contemplate across all three of our reporting segments, optimizing the infrastructure costs, given the macroeconomic outlook with regards to revenue, we know that there was a certain level of revenue that we needed, given the relatively high fixed costs nature of the European business. And with regards to that, we have been taking action. And you would have noted in addition to the $17 million of COGS restructuring we took another $9 million was taken in the third quarter. We will see some of those benefits come through also.  So overall, it was planned along those lines, and we do fundamentally believe that our European business will be within the range of the 7.8 to be 8.3 that we had called out seven weeks ago, so nothing has changed from that perspective. 
Nick Zarcone: And on a year-to-date basis, we're at 7.8 in Europe, so the fourth quarter does not need to be hard if you will to hit the guidance that we set forth on September 10.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have no one in queue at this time. I'll turn the call over to you. 
Nick Zarcone: Okay. Thank you, operator. Well to everybody on the other ends of the call, we greatly appreciate your time and attention. We understand this is a very busy reporting season and we appreciate you spending this past hour with us. Again, we look forward to chatting with everybody again in late February, as we announce our 2019 year-end results, which I believe is going to be on February 20. And we're looking forward to a good conversation then as well. So thank you and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jack, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joseph Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We certainly appreciate your time and attention at this early hour. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our performance in the second quarter, and then Varun will dive into the segments and related financial details, before I come back with a few closing remarks. When taken as a whole the second quarter of 2019 played out largely as we anticipated when we announced our first quarter results 90 days ago. There were both some clear positive movements and some disappointments, but we are encouraged by the overall result. On the plus side our North American segment experienced a significant uptick in both gross margin and EBITDA margin, which gives us confidence that our disciplined approach to the market and keen focus on controlling our cost are creating positive outcomes. Also our global focus on trade working capital management lead to significant cash generation, which was well ahead of our 2019 expectations. While there were some positive items related to the timing and we will give a bit back as we move through the remainder of the year, we are ahead of our initial plan from a free cash flow perspective for the first six months and we believe we will remain so for the balance of year. On the plus side, we knew we had very difficult year-over-year revenue growth comparisons with respect to both our North American and European segments, but the organic revenue growth came in below our tempered expectations. Additionally, there was one less working day in Europe in the second quarter of this year compared to last. So it's important to focus on the same day result, there is no doubt that the soft macroeconomic conditions across Europe are weighing on our industry and our revenue comparisons. We are performing better than many of our peers, but organic revenue in Europe was down and that softness lead through the operating margins. And finally, by quarter end scrap prices fell further 20% from the March 30th levels, which impacted Q2 results and will continue to weigh on our result for the balance of the year. Now onto the quarter. As noted on Slide 5, revenue for the second quarter of 2019 was $3.25 billion, a 7% increase over 3.0 billion recorded in the comparable period of 2018. Parts and services organic revenue growth for the second quarter of 2019 declined 2.1% on a reported basis, but when adjusting for the one less selling day in Europe the decline in organic revenue or parts and services, was 1.3%. Net income was $150 million compared to the $157 million for the same period of 2018, diluted earnings per share for the second quarter 2019 was $0.48 as compared to $0.50 for the same period last year. However, the second quarter of 2019 results included a non-cash impairment charge of $25 million net of tax. Regarding this impairment charge as we reported last quarter, we intend divest a few of our non-core business units over the next year and thus have recorded related assets and liabilities held for sale. Each period we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these assets. In the second quarter, we concluded that the expected recovery would be less than carrying value, and as a result we recorded an impairment charge of about $0.08 a share, which is excluded from our calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. On an adjusted basis net income was $204 million an increase of 6% compared to the $192 million reported for the same period of 2018. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2019 were $0.65, compared to $0.61 for the same period last year, a 7% increase. With respect to capital allocation, during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of our common stock returning approximately $120 million of capital to our stockholders. Since initiating our plan in late October 2018, the Company has repurchased 9.3 million shares for a total of $251 million. Let's turn to the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 7, organic revenue for parts and services for our North American segment declined [four tenth] (Ph) to 1% in the second quarter of 2019. As anticipated the PCW glass business and the airplane recycling operations exhibited a decline in same day growth, while the largest part of our North American segment that being in the automotives salvage and the aftermarket parts operations exhibited positive same day growth of approximately [seven tenth] (Ph) to 1%, while our focus on driving profitable revenue growth has the result of shaving off some low margin revenue it has the material positive benefit our margins. We continue to form well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC collision and liability related auto claims were again down 2.6% year-over-year in the second quarter. This softness was nationwide with 40 of the 50 states recording a decline in repairable claims. Additionally miles driven has slowed with the lower growth coming from increased vehicles and operation versus miles driven per vehicle and increase in the number of people working from home and the shift towards online shopping. Despite some macro industry challenges on the top-line and facing another tough comparison against the second quarter of 2018, our North America's team's focus on profitable growth drove excellent year-over-year margin improvements. Segment gross margins were 44.1% and EBITDA margins were 14.4%, reflecting improvements of 100 basis points and 130 basis points, respectively, when compared to the second quarter of last year and representing some of the highest level in the history of the Company. Furthermore, when we move into self-service business, the business unit that experienced the greatest downward impact on margins from the decline in scrap prices. Gross margins and EBITDA margins for the rest of our North American segment were up 160 basis points and 190 basis points, respectively. Bruin will address this some more detail, but I wanted to highlight the positive results from our margin enhancement efforts. We also continue to grow our parts operations with aftermarket collision SKU offerings and the total number of certified parts available growing 5.4% and 11.5%, respectively year-over-year in Q2, related to certified parts as some of you may be aware, in late June LKQ receive notification from NSF International that it will discontinue its automotive parts certification business and affiliated automotive certification and registration programs effective September 30th of this year. Many parts which are certified by NSF are also covered by CAPA a largest certification body and we are confident going forward that discontinuation will not have a material impact on our certified parts availability. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 18%, primarily driven by the acquisition of Stahlgruber. Organic revenue growth for parts and services in the quarter of 2019 declined 4.3% on a reported basis and was down 2.8% on a same day basis, which was below our expectations. As noted by other public companies with European exposure, the softness is an overall industry headwind not an LKQ specific issue. Indeed our performance on a relative basis appears to be fairly strong, which gives us confidence that we are not losing share. Additionally, the diversification of our geographic footprint in Europe generally reduces the volatility in our segment performance because we are not overly exposed to reliance on any one specific country, while we don't disclose country-by-country detail, I will note that Italy was the softest in terms of organic revenue growth and the Eastern block was the strongest, albeit still below its historically high levels. Europe has seen many of its economy slowing as evidenced by negative or flat GDP growth and lower new vehicle sales. Discussions with our suppliers and other industry participants have confirmed the downward pressure that poor economic growth across the continent is having on the European parts marketplace. The consensus view is the soft economic conditions have led to an initial deferral of repairs and maintenance. While a near-term headwinds, we believe that core automotive maintenance can only be deferred for so long and the demand will eventually rebound that said we anticipate the soft industry conditions will continue through the balance of 2019. We believe our team has done a reasonably good job of reacting to the new revenue paradigm, but the revenue decline have resulted in a deleveraging of our operating expenses, and lower margins when compared to the prior year. Lastly on Europe, during our investor day back in May 2018, we outlined some of the key categories of focus designed to drive the future performance of our European enterprise. There were both some near-term and longer activities identified and we are making good progress on each of these initiatives. Since them we have also spent considerable time strategizing about how to best optimize the strength of our various businesses in Europe and to that end, we have engaged with a third-party consulting firm to assist in this ongoing review. Once complete, we will likely settle on an even broader and deeper array of initiatives than those highlighted a year ago. To be clear, the primary focus of this optimization project is to create an even stronger enterprise and to enhance our already leading competitive position in the markets in which we operate, by providing a best-in-class customer experience. To do that across our European platform, we intend to transform and more fully integrate the European businesses to operate more as a single entity. The transformation will be designed to allow LKQ Europe to take advantage of its scale and be more efficient entity. We anticipate most of this analysis will be completed in the next two months and we are currently targeting a call with the investment community in the second week of September, so we can share some of the key highlights of the project including the anticipated long-term benefits of the optimization initiatives, as well as the related costs required to complete the transition. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the second quarter, specialty reported flat total revenue growth with organic revenue growth for parts and services of 1/10 of 1%, being offset by negative impact from currency. Specialty witnessed particular softness in Canada, which accounts for about 10% of the segments, revenue, largely related to Canada’s weak economy. Additionally RV part sales were off slightly due to lower dealer retail sales across all regions. Our Specialty team is laser focused on spending controls, which will continue to help offset the impact of lower revenue. Despite the softness, light truck and SUV star rates still running at healthy levels and the number of RVs on the road are at an all time high, favorable dynamics for our RV business and the RV replacement part offerings. Moving on to corporate development. It was a relatively quiet quarter from a corporate development perspective, closing on just three smaller transactions, including two companies in the United States and one regional distributor in Belgium. For a total net consideration of $38 million. Our pipeline of opportunities remains quite healthy, and we will continue to acquire businesses that can add value from a customer offering or geographic perspective. Additionally, our development team continues to make solid progress with our assets held for sale efforts and during the quarter we entered into a definitive agreement to divest a small operation in Europe, which we expect to close in the third quarter.  Finally, during Q2 we opened up three branches in Western Europe, and one in Eastern Europe, while closing five underperforming locations, including one in Western Europe, and four in Eastern Europe. And with that, I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our updated 2019 guidance.
Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. Overall, we feel that the second quarter was a qualified success, providing some positive developments in our North America segment and also free cash flow generation, while also offering a few areas for improvement. Before diving into the results. Let's start with the key financial highlights. Operating cash flows in the second quarter were $461 million, the highest quarterly amount in the Company's history by a factor of more than two times. Free cash flow from the quarter totaled $413 million dollars, or $282 million higher than the same period in 2018. We have talked about the past few calls about our emphasis on cash flow generation. And I want to thank our teams across all three segments for their efforts to deliver substantial year-over-year growth. We are raising a full-year guidance for free cash flow, more details a little later. The strong cash flows enabled us to buy 4.4 million units of LKQ stock for approximately $120 million in the quarter. Additionally, we also paid down debt by $220 million in the quarter and in the six months through June 30th, have paid down $281 million. Returning cash to our shareholders, while reducing our net leverage ratio speaks to the strength of our business to generate strong consistent cash flows. Our North America segment was able to withstand some revenue softness to process highest segment EBITDA margin percentage since the second quarter of 2017. I want to commend the North American management team for taking a proactive approach to protecting margins to offset inflationary pressures, and proactively working to optimize its cost structure. Our European specialty segments also face soft revenue and we are taking actions in both segments to advance our stated strategic objectives and address current market conditions. Last quarter, we disclosed our plans to divest certain low margin business that fall outside of our core operations in geographies. This quarter, we are announcing a restructuring program that we expect to enhance our competitiveness in the current macroeconomic environment. The restructuring program covers all three of our reportable segments and advances our efforts to eliminate underperforming assets and cost inefficiencies. With underperforming assets we intend to close branches and warehouse locations that are not supporting a sufficient return on investment. Our current plan includes approximately 40 locations across the business, both in North America and Europe. We intend to migrate as much of the revenue as possible from these locations to other facilities in the LKQ network, but there will likely be some low margin revenue loss as a result of the closures. The restructuring charges will include facility closure costs, such as lease termination fees and moving expenses to relocate inventory and equipment. Additionally, through this process we have identified selective personal reduction that will benefits future periods, but will require upfront severance that will be charged to restructuring. We estimate that the restructuring program will cost approximately $25 million to $30 million over the next year to implement and will generate savings of a similar amount on a run rate basis. While this program represents a significant move forward in our plans to improve our competitiveness we will continue to evaluate our businesses and cost structure to identify further opportunities for simplification and cost efficiency. Regarding Europe the restructuring program was aid our efforts to deliver sustainable double-digit segment EBITDA margin. These efforts are part of, but do not reflect the entirety of the optimization project that Nick referenced earlier. In conjunction with European margins I want to highlight that we expect various integration costs such as ERP implementation to have a negative impact on that segment EBITDA margin over the implementation timeline. We have incurred some of these cost in the past, including in the second quarter, but expect some acceleration as the integration projects ramp-up. We think it will be important for investors to understand the nature and amount of these enablement costs and therefore we will provide disclosure of the expenses incurred as part of our quarterly reporting cadence. Now I will cover our consolidated and segment results, to save myself on words when I refer to net income and diluted EPS. Please note that I will be referring to the amounts from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders. In addition Nick covered the details on net income and earnings per share. So I will not repeat. Please turn to Slide 12 and 13 of the presentation for a few points on the consolidated second quarter results. The consolidated gross margin percentage increased 10 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.4%, driven by 100 basis points improvement in North America. While Europe was flat compared to 2018 as we discussed previously, there is a negative mix impact at the consolidated level as the lower gross margin European segment makes up a larger percentage of the overall results and hence has a dilutive effect on the consolidated margin. The mix impact will be less impactful going forward now that we have annualized the Stahlgruber acquisition. Our operating expenses increased by 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter with a rise in our European segment. Restructuring and acquisition related costs were $8 million as a result of ongoing expenses related to acquisition integration activities previously disclosed, as well as some initial charges of approximately $5 million from the restructuring initiatives. Interest expense was favorable by $2 million or 6%, compared to the second quarter of 2018. going to both lower interest rates and lower average debt balances. Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 27.1%, which is roughly in-line with our full-year estimate. Please turn to Slide 16 for highlights on segment performance, starting with North America. Gross margin was 44.1% or 100% basis points higher than last year as I previously mentioned. For the most part, the margin expansion reflects the continued benefits of pricing initiatives in both our aftermarket and salvage operations, as well as effort in our glass business to get recognized for the quality of service and the breadth and depth of inventory that we provide and renegotiate underperforming contracts. We had an additional non-recurring benefit of 25 basis points related to an insurance settlement that was realized in the quarter. The self-service operation was a drag segment gross margins, with a quarter-over-quarter decrease due to scrap pricing. Sequential changes in scrap prices had an unfavorable impact of $2 million for the quarter, compared to a positive impact of $4 million in the second quarter of 2018, creating a $6 million year-over-year negative swing. Operating expenses were unchanged at 30.1% relative to the prior year, given the pressure on both parts and services and other revenues, and the resulting net leverage effect, holding the percentage flat and actually reducing the absolute dollars by $4 million is a very respectable outcome. This quarter is the first quarter without a quarter-over-quarter increase in expense as a percentage of revenue since the third quarter of 2017. Wage inflation and higher medical costs continue to negatively impact our operating leverage. Though the North America team had effectively managed expenses to counteract a portion of the impact. We generated further savings through improved safety performance have seen through a reduction in workers compensation themes and a favorable variance in bad debt expense from ongoing collection efforts. In total segment EBITDA for North America was $190 million up $15 million compared to last year. And as a percentage of revenue was up 130 basis points from the prior quarter. We have been talking about North America's margin enhancements over the last year, and the numbers show the progress that is being made. A year ago we disclose a 130 points decrease in segment EBITDA margin in a period with 7.4% organic parts and services revenue growth. This year, North America recovered the full 130 basis points in margin, despite the 40 basis points organic parts and services revenue decline. We are also encouraged by the fact that the North America team still feels that there are additional cost efficiency opportunities available and is working on plans to achieve these savings. Moving on to the European segment on Slide 19. Gross margin in Europe was 36% flat to the comparable period of 2018, centralized procurement yielded a 50 basis points improvement from supplier rebate programs as we continue to benefit from the Stahlgruber synergies. With respect to operating expenses we experienced a 100 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter from a year ago. The quarter-over-quarter sales decline, partially attributable to one fewer selling day in the quarter had a negative impact of operating leverage. Given the segments relatively high cost base primarily with personnel costs. Additionally, there was a 30 basis points headwind associated with the ongoing transformation efforts, primarily the ERP and the broader project that Nick referenced. Partially offsetting we had a 30 basis point decrease going to reduce bad debt expenses as the team's focus on collection efforts. European segment EBITDA totaled $116 million a 5% over last year. As shown on Slide 21 relative to the second quarter of 218 both the Sterling and the Euro each week by approximately 6% against the U.S. dollar causing a negative effect from consolation. This was offset by favorability in transaction gains and losses netting to an immaterial impact on adjusted EPS for the quarter. Segment EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 7.7% for the quarter down 90 basis points compared to the same period a year ago. As noted earlier, have taken action through restructuring programs throughout our European operations and we continue to believe that we have the best assets in Europe and are poisoned to achieve significant integration synergies. As Nick mentioned earlier, we will provide an update to the investment community in September on the European transformation project. Turning to the specialty segment on Slide 22, gross margin declined 130 basis points in the second quarter, relative to the comparable period a year ago. Office amount 60 basis points related to higher net product cost as of supplier discounts were lower than those realized in the prior year. The balance related primarily to unfavorable product mix. Operating expenses improved 40 basis points with reductions in personnel and freight costs more than offsetting higher facility expenses related to warehouse expansion projects that went live after the second quarter of 2018. Segment because for specialty was $52 million, approximately four million down from the second quarter of 2018, and as a percentage of revenue down 90 basis points to 12.7%. The specialty team is taking cost actions to protect its margins, aimed at producing benefits in the second half of 2019. Let's move on to liquidity and the balance sheet. As presented on Slide 24 and as previously mentioned, you will note that our operating cash for the second quarter was $461 million or 152% higher than the second quarter of 2018. On previous calls we have talked about driving working capital improvements and the team did a phenomenal job this quarter. It was a total team effort as all three of our segment's contributed with North America and Europe posting significant gains. Our key working capital accounts that is trade receivable, inventory and payables generated a cash inflow of $189 million this quarter compared to an outflow of $49 million in the second quarter of 2018. I wanted to especially mention to the North America team for working with our vendor partners to ensure LKQ receive market conventions payment terms, no different than other large customers and to the European team for its disciplined purchasing approach in light of soft creating conditions. As you would expect, I do want to offer a few words of caution on the strong year-to-date cash flows. There will be ups and downs in working capital and cash flows as we move throughout the year, based on seasonality and the timing of certain transactions. We will also actively use our liquidity to pursue opportunities that support our business objectives, for example, in funding the restructuring costs and those of our key vendor partners by making selective inventory purchases. CapEx for the quarter was $48 million, resulting in free cash flow for the quarter for $413 million and $537 million on a year-to-date basis. And finally moving to Slide 25, as of the June 30th, we had $376 million of cash resulting in net debt of about $3.7 billion or 2.8 times last 12 months EBITDA. Now, I would like to spend a few minutes and provide an update on our annual guidance. Please note that the guidance assumes that scrap prices and foreign exchange rates hold at current levels. Additionally, the guidance continues to assume no material disruptions associated with the United Kingdom's potential exit from the European Union, currently scheduled to occur on the 31st of October. As Nick noted earlier, the second quarter came in-line with our expectations. North America performed well and we expect Specialty to bounce back in the second half of the year. We see challenges with European economic conditions holding for the remainder of the year. And despite the underlying businesses being resilient, the management team will adapt to the software market conditions by accelerating the integration and cost efficiency programs. In addition to simplifying by carefully evaluating various programs that may not deliver benefits in the near-term. As mentioned earlier, scrap metal prices have continued to trend down and British pound is trending lower, based on the ambiguity that continues to reign in the United Kingdom with a new prime minister and his very definitive views on Brexit. Given these scenarios, we are trimming our 2019 full-year guidance by 2.5%, or $0.06 at the midpoint for adjusted EPS, while increasing expected free cash flow for the year by $50 million. Let me run through the updated guidance figures. Organic parts and services revenue growth revised to 50 basis points to 2% for the full-year. Diluted EPS on a GAAP basis is updated to a range of $1.73 to $1.81 accounting for the first half activity primarily related to the non-cash impairment charge I referenced earlier. Adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $2.30 to $2.38. You will note that at the midpoint of the range, we are down $0.06 per share from a prior guidance. Of this, $0.035 relates to low scrap prices and FX rates relative to our prior guidance and the remaining $0.2.5 largely reflects the net anticipated ongoing softness in Europe in the second half. Cash flows from operations has been increased to a range of 800 million to 875 million and capital spending is reduced to a range of 225 million to 275 million resulting in a net increase at the midpoint to free cash flow for the full-year by $50 million, despite the trim in earnings. In summary, the second quarter have separate highlights shrink where our actions of bearing fruits such as North America margins and generating strong free cash flow that is funded the ongoing share repurchase program and debt pay down. However, the softer macro conditions in Europe and the volatility in scrap and FX give us full support and hence we have trigged a cost reduction and efficiency programs to adjust to the market conditions. Overall, we remain optimistic about our prospects for the future. Now I will turn the call back to Nick for closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that excellent financial overview. In closing I would like to review a few of the key initiatives discussed on previous calls that will continue to be points of focus during the balance of 2019. First, we will integrate and simplify our operating model. Second we will continue to focus on profitable revenue growth to create sustainable margin expansion. Third, we will drive better levels of cash flow, which in turn will give us the flexibility to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy and fourth, we will continue to invest in our future. As you can see from the second quarter results these programs and targets are gaining momentum throughout the organization and the teams are actively working towards achieving the respective goal. I am proud of the momentum we have created with our second quarter performance and how our team of over 51,000 employees performed a various market challenges in both North America and Europe. Importantly, I want to recognize our leaders across each of our segments have embraced our productivity initiatives and the performance and compensation metrics, we have implemented as we progress through 2019 and beyond. I am confident these factors will create long-term value for our stockholders. I look forward to having you joining our European discussion in September and we will announce final details as we get closer to that call. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator instructions] Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys, thanks for taking my questions.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning Daniel.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Wanted to think about the European margin actually Varun starting with the gross margin-line. I think you said gross margin were flat year-over-year despite a 50 bip tailwind from procurement and we left some of the issues from Q2 last year, but if you could just kind walk through some of the puts and takes of what is going on in that line and then as comparison get more difficult in the back half, how you guys are expecting that gross margin on the trend in Europe. Thanks.
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Absolutely Daniel and good morning and thank you for calling at the hour. Yes. If you think about our European gross margin it was flat and deep, so you actually read that correct. You really think about it in terms of while we did get the centralized procurement benefits with the organic decline coming through there is pressure on margins, right. And so, as you think about other competitors also out there, the one area where they go through to be able to kind of sustain the revenue side is on the margin peace of it. So margin did come under some pressure as a result of that. Nothing more, nothing less, we have always had those competitors are there. But clearly with a falling market as such, that is really where folks end up in trying to give value to their customers. So there were some pressure from that perspective. I think if you step back and think about it, while the headline number would suggest that the European segment EBITDA margins declined by call it 90 basis points a year-over-year. Put this entire piece into context, as you think about the fact that a year ago, Europe delivered at 8.3%, organic growth number. This year, the reported number is negative 4.3. That is 12.5 percentage points swing. And as you think about the fixed cost structure, largely you know a more so in the European Space. That is the kind of deleverage that ends up coming through. And even if we were to be able to hold flat, for example, rather than negative 4.3, if it were flat, and you were to run the math, the SG&A or the OpEx expenses would actually declined by 100 basis points with all other things being similar. So think about the deleverage that takes place in a market that is shrinking. And it doesn't just show up in the gross margin-line, it actually shows up in multiple lines, in terms of not being able to get the operating leverage.
Operator: Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey , I'm sure there will be more questions on Europe. But I wanted to shift to North America and the collision business. How do you explain that soft collision trend? And to what extent is the total loss rate which appears to be climbing, resulting in fewer repairs and really just fewer opportunities for LKQ?
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig. This is Nick. Thanks for your question. We have a very deep and ongoing relationship with CCC. We get a lot of data from them on a on a quarterly basis. And when we sat with them a couple weeks ago, we asked them point blank, their perspective as to the decline in repairable cranes in particular, because that is really what drives our business. In general, they indicated that the winter of 2019 was a bit milder than 2018 and that has an impact of reducing collision volume, if you will. And there is no doubt that on April 1 beginning of the second quarter, right, the collision repair shops have less backlog, if you will, in 2019 than they did on April 1st of 2018. You are absolutely right. Total loss rates have continued to nudge their way upward just a bit. And on the margin that takes a few cars out of the repair shops and put some into the salvage auctions, which is not a bad thing for us, because we have more cars to purchase. Total loss rates for the June 2018 to May 2019 time period was 19.3% that compares to 18.7% for the June 2017 to May 2018 time period so up just about a half a percentage point or so. Miles driven, has really started to flatten out from May 2018 April 2019 up only [six tenths] (Ph) of 1% compared to the May 17 to April 18 time period and most of those miles there increase is in fleets as opposed to personal miles. What I would call the accident-prone portion of the population think about our teenagers out there and then maybe some of the very elderly, they are not in the fleet segment and so that they believe and we believe it’s having perhaps a slight impact as well. So the good news on a longer-term basis is that the number of cars in the sweet spot is up and APU continues to shift upward very slowly, but it does shift up a bit and we believe quite frankly that account for the positive spread between our organic growth and actually the negative repairable claims growth. And lastly obviously we were measuring against a 7% comp of Q2 last year and those comps will get a little bit easier in Q3 in a much easier in Q4.
Operator: Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Michael Hoffman: Hi, I’m going to change gear completely and talk about cash. Looking at the revised guidance, my thinking about the second half correctly, if I take the midpoint of the net income in the free cash flow. It would suggest you do about 300 million in net income helps about 180 million of DNA and then setting that some of the other things in the cash flow statements unchanged other than working capital. That is the comment you made Varun, is there is about 140 million or 150 million walked back of working capital in the second half and that puts you at the midpoint of the cash flow from ops.
Varun Laroyia: Yes Michael. So yes, good morning this is Varun actually. And yes I think the mechanic to fuel utilizing in your model from free cash flow or an OCF prospective are appropriate and I think if you also kind of look back into it, you just take 2017 and 2018 two prior years. We typically do have an outflow on create working capital in the second half verses the first half. So in terms of different ways to look at it, clearly with the slide frame of 20 million, 25 million at the midpoint for adjusted net income, don’t also forget that with the restructuring program that we called that also takes us back. So I would not say the usage on a working perspectives is about 140, 150 I think just take into account the lower earning plus also the restructuring that we called out that will be utilizing cash and then just in terms of the first half, second quarter use of free working capital. Overall the mechanics that you are thinking of are appropriate and hence both Nick and I referenced that there will be certain timing associated with payments. But we do expect there to be certain opportunities for us to be able to invest more on the inventory side, just given the state of the market on a broader basis. If not us, that is seen some on a softer revenues, it’s happening to competitors and we are certainly seeing it from some of the suppliers specifically over in Europe in terms of what they have been calling out. But thank you for the question, we are very pleased with the way cash is been coming through the business and really happy with the momentum that we picked up from the second half of last year and that is carried into 2019. We believe there is more to come.
Operator: Stephanie Benjamin with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi, good morning.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning.
Stephanie Benjamin: I was hoping if you could talk a little bit about just the headwinds we are seeing from the aviation, and glass businesses. And when you would - start wrapping those. I understand it's just kind of a comp because they are small businesses where small base, but you can see some nice swings quarter-to-quarter. So just first, just when we should expect to comp some of that going forward. And then additionally, if you could just walk through in a little bit more detail, just what is driving the kind of significant margin improvement in North America, whether it's pricing, just cost control, just as any - a little bit more color on how we can think about that going forward would be helpful. Thank you so much.
Dominick Zarcone: Okay, great. Well I will start. Clearly, we indicated in past calls, as it relates to our glass business, that when we bought the business, we inherited some less than profitable contracts. And so we have moved away from some of that revenue intentionally. That is all part of the idea of focusing on really profitable revenue growth. That comes with a decline in revenue on an organic basis, if you will. And sometimes you need to be willing to walk away from business. And that is what we have done there, if you will. That project and some of those contracts really started at the beginning of this year. So by the time we get into the late Q4, and first quarter, next year we will have fully anniversary that project. The aviation business, again, you need to keep in mind, which is also by the way, a negative drag on organic growth in both the first and second quarter. That is a business that is very, very lumpy. The average ticket sale there is not necessarily a few hundred dollars for our part, but we are talking tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousand dollars for parts. So timing on a quarter-to-quarter basis can have big impacts. Again, our expectation would be - it's going to be tough sliding there for the rest of the year.
Varun Laroyia: Stephanie this is kind of at the result. I think on your second part, the question about North America margin improvement, it’s actually is very, very tightly linked with what Nick started off by saying our focus on profitable revenue. Listen, we have talked about this in the past. Also, there are a number of businesses, there is a lot of revenue that is potentially available. And in the past, the company has taken advantage of it. But has been kind of looked into the market pressures, and really in terms of what is the contribution margin for that additional dollar of revenue, whether it be certain customers, whether it be certain product lines. We have consciously walked away from some of that. How should we say, lower margin or EBITDA free revenue. And yes, we did anticipate the organic growth numbers coming in as a result. And I think the way we would suggest is, Nick mentioned this in his overall comments. If we look at our core automotive parts and services business, which essentially is full service - and also aftermarket business, that business still grew about 70 basis points year-over-year, despite some tough comps from a year ago. So from that perspective, we are very happy in terms of where the focus by the team has been. So think about that specific piece, is this being conscious about the revenue that we go chase because there is cost associated with picking up the parts in the warehouse, delivering them in certain cases having to pay for the returns and so just being very conscious in terms of the revenue that we chose.
Operator: Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning Bret.
Varun Laroyia: Good Morning.
Bret Jordan: I will go back to Europe. Your peer in the space was commenting about some sequential - improvement around whether driven demand, I guess could if you talk about what you are seeing their sort of - if you are handicapping how much is economic and how much is weather and on the prior question just to add in, are we talking about the Fiat Chrysler battery distribution business as profit with sales.
Dominick Zarcone: So as it relates to Europe as a whole, your question I think really relates to what are we seeing here early in the third quarter and you know we have got basically three weeks worth of data which is not enough to former trend. Some of our operations are seeing a slight uptick on the revenue side, but again it's three weeks and we are headed into the big holiday season that being the vacation season over in Europe and so we are not going to - we are not working under the assumption if there is going to be significant uptakes in revenue growth in the back half of the year. We think its though slating, the reality is we talk to our competitors, we talk to our customers, the garages and obviously our suppliers and everyone is I think working under the assumption that these industry conditions are going to with us for a while. If they turn we think we will be a huge beneficiary of that, but we think it prudent to work on the - assumption that it’s going to be - these business conditions are going to be with us for the balance of year. On the your question as to the battery business. Again, we started that in 2018 as a new programs, so we fully anniversaried that we are continuing to distribute batteries on behalf of the FCA organization that being in the Mopar batteries to their dealers across the United States that is a good relationship and a good contract for us.
Operator: Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, good morning. Really so we call in September, but I am a patient as our most investors, so want to cut it by layer what you have already told us and trying to think through what we do know already today. So as I understand it, there will be non-GAAP restructuring costs that you have laid out and then there is currently already a 30 basis point headwind from integration systems and that will not be non GAAP. You would expect 30 basis points to accelerate moving forward as you get further on those projects. And top of that as you go to the planning process there will be more potential cost to recognize these savings. So I guess the question is will those additional cost be non GAAP or those be just the headwind or earnings and how should we begin to think about 2020? I would think this would cause a decrease to European margins and free cash flow, but wanted to kind get anything you do know today would be helpful?
Varun Laroyia: Chris, It's Varun out here. So yes, you are right and just for the broader attendees on the call also Nick did mention that in the second week of September we will provide an update on the various European initiatives that we talked about at the Investor Day last May. So there will be a full, deep dive associated with the various initiatives and really as to how we see the overall three plus year program that we talked about a little over a year. Your specific question with regards to restructuring, yes. But again, I do want to clarify the $25 million to $30 million of restructuring that we have triggered already. And you would have seen that in the second quarter numbers also. We have actually started that activity so it’s not as if you are starting it now. It actually impacts each of our three reportable segments, not only Europe. The other piece that I would like to call out is, with regards to the broader European optimization and integration program, the restructuring that we have currently talked about is not the entirety of that piece. So yes, if you play the tape forward, there will be a costs associated with integration. And really, the point is to kind of give the market some foreshadowing language with regards to transformation costs, right. There will be a cost associated with being able to integrate those businesses. And we will provide an update of that also in the September timeframe. And again, I think it just is helpful for the investment community to understand, business as usual versus costs associated with taking the business to the next level, and essentially digging the mood that much deeper around what we expect to be best-in-class businesses in any case. So there will be some costs associated with being able to make those investments, but also to get some of the cost structure that is currently embedded out there. But again, more on that when we get to the September review.
Operator: Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks for filling in.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Good morning. So I have two questions on Europe. So first what percent Europe segment sales, which you defined is more discretionary in nature. And the reason I asked them is trying to get a better understanding of the cyclicality that we might see if the Europe macro stay soft. And then secondly, on the Europe optimization plan, what is the main scope of work for the consultants that you hired? And the reason I ask that is because you are already restructuring and I presume you have already looked at divesting assets. Maybe just a little more clarity there would be helpful.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, so I will start with the second half of that question, Ryan. It's important to keep in mind that the restructuring activities and what I call the optimization project, they are linked, but they are separate. Restructuring initiatives are all about kind of right sizing our business for the current market conditions. And that involves a consolidation of facilities and the elimination of lower margin activities at a local level as Varun described. The optimization project in Europe is really a longer term focus. And really, the intent is to gain efficiencies by morphing the European Organization and operating structure from what today is a fairly independent country based model to a slightly more integrated model that leverages a higher level of centralized resources. To be clear, in Europe we sell into local markets and our focus on customer service needs to remain to be a very activity, so nothing is going to change their, but there are many activities where we can create a better customer experience across the European platform and become more efficient by utilizing a more centralized structure, particularly when you think about things like procurement, category management, logistics IT and alike. Getting from here to there is no easy task and it’s not going to happen overnight, it’s going to happen over several years, but we believe and some of the initial work with our outside consultants have clearly documented that there could be significant benefits of doing this and that is why we are headed down the path. There are costs to get there, things like a new ERP program which is going to get kicked off - which was kicked off back in October is going to roll out over the next four to five years. We need to create a central European office as opposed to the virtual structure that we have today. We need to establish some off shore or near shore back office infrastructure activities and alike, we are in the middle of the process, we are midflight, if you will in identifying and quantifying about the opportunities and expenses to get us there. And that is really we are going to chat about coming September. So the focus of the program largely is harder shift - kind of the org structure, both from is truly a structure perspective and operating perspective from being a last integrated independent country model to a more integrated central model and that is going to require a lot of heavy lifting to do that, but the benefits we believe are quite significant and at the end of the day it will create a better customer experience, which will help drive revenues and alike. As it relates to discretionary versus nondiscretionary the reality is most of the parts that we sell in Europe are parts for day-to-day service on your car and in some cases take if your battery is out and you can’t crank your car over right, that is a nondiscretionary item you need to go get a new battery, so your car will work. but what we find on the margin is when economy gets soft European consumers are no different than American consumers. The first thing you do when things start to get high is you take a hard focus on your household cash flow and you tend to buy down. And so we are still selling a battery to the shop or maybe instead of the harder battery with the seven year warranty that goes out at a pretty high price point the consumer gets the more value line battery that is cheaper for them. We still sell a battery, but it’s a lower revenue battery and it’s a lower margin dollars batteries. And so it’s hard to a put number Brian as to what is absolutely discretionary versus nondiscretionary. You know when your oil light comes on to say it’s time to change oil, you don't have to go do that tomorrow and if you are trying to save some money. You may differ that for few months. You know earlier in the spring I was at a [CAPA] (Ph) conference, CAPA is a big trade organization for the parts manufacturers in Europe, and had an opportunity to meet with the heads of almost all of our major suppliers, a lot of our other peers in the distribution side of the industry and alike. And our suppliers indicated that they saw their aftermarket activity start to trend down late in 2018. And so we are not even a year into it. So I think we have got - and that is why we are a little bit cautious in the expectations for the back half of the year. I think it's going to be another six months before we begin to kind of lap the impact of the of the soft environment.
Operator: This ends the time allotted for the Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dominick Zarcone for final remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Well we certainly appreciate your time and attention this morning. As I indicated earlier, we are encouraged about the progress that we have made in many regards, particularly the margin structure in North America, the cash flow numbers, which were terrific. We have a lot of work to do in Europe to understand that and we look forward to sharing with you in mid-September, kind of the update on those activities. So again, I appreciate your time and attention and we will talk to you in September. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joseph Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We certainly appreciate your time and attention at this early hour. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our operations in the first quarter, and then Varun will dig into the segments and related financial details, before I come back with a few closing remarks. Taken as a whole, Q1 represented a solid quarter and played out pretty much as we anticipated. We made good progress with the various operational and productivity initiatives we began implementing in 2018 and the business performed in line with our expectations knowing that we faced exceptionally tough growth comparisons for North America, a challenging macroeconomic environment in Europe, and significant negative headwinds from the year-over-year impact of scrap and FX. Now on to the quarter. As noted on Slide 4, revenue for the first quarter of 2019 was $3.1 billion, a 14% increase over the $2.7 billion recorded in the comparable period of 2018. Parts and services organic growth for the first quarter of 2019 was essentially flat year-over-year on a reported basis, but when adjusting for one less selling day in the quarter, organic revenue growth for parts and services was 1.3%. Diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ's stockholders for the first quarter of 2019 was $0.31 as compared to $0.49 for the same period of 2018. However, the first quarter of 2019 results include $52 million of noncash impairment charges net of tax composed of $40 million related to the company's equity investment in Mekonomen and a $12 million charge for net assets held-for-sale. These impairment charges reduced diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2019 by $0.17 a share. So on an adjusted basis, net income attributable to LKQ stockholders was $176 million, an increase of 4% as compared to the $170 million for the same period of 2018. Adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders for the first quarter of 2019 was $0.56 as compared to $0.55 for the same period last year. Let me briefly touch on the impairment of net assets held-for-sale, which Varun will cover in more detail during his remarks. As you are all aware, we’ve on several occasions discussed our four key strategic pillars, which include: growing our customer offering, expanding our geographic footprint, adapting to changing technologies and rationalizing the asset base. With respect to the latter, I view the efforts to rationalize the business as an ongoing evaluation of our assets to ensure that we have the right combination of operations for our long-term success. As you might expect, undertaking this evaluation will from time-to-time identified businesses that no longer represent a strong fit with either our long-term strategy or financial return objectives. After careful consideration, we reached a conclusion to sell a few of our operations in the upcoming year. While each of the subject businesses has its strengths, we don't view them as being critical to our core operations. These businesses neither individually nor collectively reflect a significant amount of revenue or EBITDA. The sale of these non-core assets will, however, help improve our overall margins and simplify our operating model. With respect to capital allocation during the first quarter of 2019, the company repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares of common stock at an average price per share of $26.66. Since initiating our buyback plan in late October of last year, we have repurchased 4.9 million shares reflecting a $130 million return of capital to our shareholders. Let's turn to the quarterly segment highlights. As you will note from Slide 7, organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment declined 1.4% in the first quarter of 2019, but was up slightly when adjusting for the one less selling day. As anticipated, the PGW glass business and the airplane recycling operation exhibited negative same day organic growth. While the largest part of our North American segment, the Automotive Salvage and Aftermarket Parts operations exhibited same day revenue growth of approximately 1.8%. Importantly, organic growth in North America ended on a strong note with the March organic revenue growth showing significant improvement from the levels posted in January and February. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims were down 2.6% year-over-year in the first quarter. We continue to believe this outperformance in our growth relative to the CCC data is due to the increase in the number of vehicles in our collision sweet spots, that being model years 3 to 10 years old and auto insurance carriers ongoing efforts to reduce the cost pressures associated with increased cycle time and labor due to shortage of technicians. Despite some challenges on the top line, including facing a tough comparison from Q1 of 2018, our focus on profitable growth help drive year-over-year margin improvements in North America with segment gross margins and EBITDA margins improving 90 basis points and 20 basis points, respectively, when compared to the first quarter of 2018. Removing the self service business which was impacted the most by the decline in scrap prices, gross margins and EBITDA margins for the rest of our North American segment were up 170 basis points and 120 basis points, respectively. Varun will address this in more detail, but I wanted to highlight that our margin enhancement efforts are indeed working. We also continue to grow our parts offerings with aftermarket collision SKU offerings and the total number of certified parts available growing 5.8% and 11.6% respectively year-over-year in the first quarter. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 39%, primarily driven by the acquisition of STAHLGRUBER. Organic revenue growth for parts and services in the first quarter of 2019 in Europe was 1.3% on a reported basis and 2.1% on a same day basis, which was above our expectations given the ongoing macroeconomic headwinds facing Europe. Importantly, each of our European platforms witnessed positive organic revenue growth for parts and services on both a reported and same day basis in the first quarter. Europe has seen many of its economy slowing as evidenced by lower new vehicle sales and lower or negative GDP growth. Discussions with our suppliers and other industry participants have confirmed the negative impact, the poor economic growth is having on the European marketplace. Our sense is that the economic conditions have led to an initial deferral of repairs and maintenance. While a near-term headwind, we believe that core automotive maintenance can only be deferred so long and the demand will eventually rebound. Our U.K operation continues to make good progress despite the fact that the market continues to struggle with the uncertainty around Brexit, which continues to undergo negotiations with a new deadline of October 31. That has been widely reported in the media Brexit is having a negative impact on overall consumer demand in the United Kingdom. With respect to the automotive parts space, most market participants are again reporting low single-digit to negative organic revenue growth rates. Despite the softness in the market ECP performed well by delivering meaningful improvements in both organic revenue growth for parts and services and EBITDA margins on a year-over-year basis. The team at ECP continues to make progress with the ongoing optimization of our T2 distribution facility. Yet there's still more room for an improvement and I am confident we are now have the right team in place to position and optimize the long-term performance of our U.K business. Additionally, ECP's collision business performed above expectations and above the European segment as a whole. We continue to believe ECP's aftermarket collision parts and paints offerings offer an attractive value proposition to U.K auto insurance carriers as they confront profitability challenges. According to the Association of British Insurers, U.K carriers have witnessed pressures similar to the domestic carriers with increased parts cost, vehicle complexity, and increased cycle times. In 2017 and 2018, claims cost reached record highs in the U.K. Unfortunately the positive improvements experienced at ECP were largely offset by the mix impact related to the inclusion of STAHLGRUBER and the Q1 2019 results and soft margins relative to the prior year elsewhere in Europe, particularly in Italy and Belgium. At STAHLGRUBER we are on track with our projected synergies. We've also begun some testing with respect to utilizing Sulzbach-Rosenberg, our state-of-the-art national distribution center in southern Germany to support the Rhiag operations in Central and Eastern Europe. We have also begun to expand the utilization of private-label products into STAHLGRUBER's product offering. Finally, during Q1, we opened two branches in Western Europe and in Eastern Europe we opened five new branches, while closing three underperforming locations. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the first quarter, Specialty reported total revenue growth of 0.5% with organic revenue growth for parts and services of 1% being offset by a negative impact from currencies. Adjusting for one less selling day in the quarter, Specialty had organic revenue growth of 2.6%. During the first quarter, our Specialty team hosted their industry leading tradeshows, including the RV Expo in Nashville and the Automotive Focus Big Show in Dallas with both events witnessing solid year-over-year increases in supplier and customer attendance as well as show orders. The Expos training and education programs continue to be a strong draw as witnessed by the largest attendance ever at the Expos RV University. Moving on to corporate development. On April 1, after the close of the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of Elite Electronics. This transaction is directly aligned with our strategic pillars of growing our customer offering and adapting to new technologies. We have been signaling for some time now that select service offerings could be an excellent complement to our North American parts business. Elite's mobile and on-site technical solutions are provided to automotive collision and mechanical repair facilities that are facing the rapidly expanding requirements related to vehicle diagnostics and calibration. Elite services include reflashing, programming. pre and post collision repair diagnostics, ADAS related calibrations, airbag replacements, theft and vandalism repair and frame replacements. The robust service offering assist LKQ and Elite's customers in completing time-consuming and challenging repairs. Allowing a lead to handle any number of these operations, improved cycle times and reduces associated repair expenses thereby resulting in better customer experiences. We are delighted to have the Elite team join LKQ and we look forward to adding additional service focused businesses to our suite of customer offerings. We will continue to complete tuck-in acquisitions and during the first quarter we closed on two small transactions in Europe. And with that, I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the segment results and discuss our 2019 guidance.
A - Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I will take you through our consolidated and segment results for the quarter, cover our current liquidity position and discuss our 2019 guidance before turning it back to Nick for closing remarks. As we have discussed on the past few calls, we are focused on delivering profitable growth, expanding on margins, generating free cash flow and optimizing our capital allocation strategy. The first quarter provided evidence of continued progress on these initiatives as we grew our consolidated gross margin by 30 basis points over the prior year, produced $124 million in free cash flow, paid down $60 million of debt, and as Nick mentioned, repurchase $70 million in LKQ stock while maintaining our net leverage ratio. While we're pleased with the progress on our initiatives, we still have work to do on our segment margins. And I will comment on these drivers behind the quarter-over-quarter variances in a few minutes. Diluted EPS attributable to LKQ stockholders for the first quarter was $0.31, down $0.18 relative to the comparable quarter last year, primarily related to a few impairment charges on which I will provide further details. Adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, acquisition and divestiture related gains and losses, impairment charges and the tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation was $0.56, reflecting a 2% improvement over the comparable quarter last year. I want to highlight a few items that affected quarter-over-quarter comparability. First, scrap prices trended down in the first quarter of 2019 with a sequential decrease of 9%. Whereas the opposite was true in the first quarter of 2018 when scrap prices rose 21%, sequentially. We benefited by roughly $0.03 in the first quarter a year-ago due to the price rise of scrap compared to a negative impact of about a penny in Q1 2019, resulting in a $0.04 negative swing year-over-year. Second, the U.S dollar was stronger in Q1 2019 relative to the prior year, which created a negative impact from translation and transaction gains and losses of almost a penny and a half. Taken together, scrap prices and currency impacts represented about a $0.05 headwind relative to Q1 of 2018. As we disclosed during the fourth quarter call, the Mekonomen stock price declined significantly between the 1st -- 31st of December and February 28. We indicated that without a recovery in the stock price by quarter end that we would need to record a further impairment. Unfortunately, there was no rebound and we have booked a $40 million impairment charge for the quarter in the equity earnings line of our income statement. The Mekonomen share price appears to have stabilized in recent weeks, so we are hopeful that the significant impairment charges are behind us. As we continue to refine our capital allocation strategy and to simplify the operating model, we have undertaken a review of our businesses to identify underperforming assets. We identified several businesses that we intent to sell over the course of the next year. These units which represent approximately $170 million in annualized revenue and a nominal amount of EBITDA outside of our core business and all geographies. Under the accounting rules, we are required to classify these assets as held-for-sale on the balance sheet because of our intention to sell the businesses in the near-term. Additionally, we have to evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of the assets as of quarter end. We concluded that the expected recovery would be less than the carrying value and as a result we recorded a $15 million impairment charge, which is excluded from our calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. Other than the impairment charge, there is no impact on the income statement presentation for these businesses. That is the revenue and expenses flow through the same lines as before the held-for-sale classification and will continue to be presented as such until the sale is completed. Given the ongoing negotiations related to the potential transactions, we know you will appreciate the need for confidentiality and why we are unable to provide further details currently. We will of course provide updates on subsequent calls. On a combined basis, the Mekonomen and the assets held-for-sale impairment charges reduced our GAAP diluted EPS by $0.17. Now I will turn to Slides 11 and 12 of the presentation for a few points on the consolidated results. The consolidated gross margin percentage increased 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 39% with meaningful gains in both our North America and European segments. As we’ve discussed previously, there is a negative mix impact as the lower gross margin European segment makes up a larger percentage of the consolidated results, and hence have a dilutive effect on the consolidated margin. Our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased by 70 basis points quarter-over-quarter, primarily attributable to the North America and European segments, which I will discuss a bit later. Interest expense was up $8 million or 27% compared to the first quarter of 2018 due to higher average debt balances, primarily related to the STAHLGRUBER financing in April 2018. Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 27.1% for the quarter, which is roughly in line with our full-year estimate. I've already mentioned the Mekonomen impairment in the equity earnings line, but I also want to point out that the reported fourth quarter 2018 Mekonomen earnings declined relative to the prior year. Therefore, our share of their earnings, which we pick up in our first quarter reporting was down relative to the prior year by about $2 million after-tax. Moving to the segments. While North America -- on Slide 14, gross margin during the first quarter was 44.2% or 90 basis points higher than last year. Our aftermarket team continues to do really strong work on pricing initiatives to offset the general wage inflation and higher logistics costs prevalent in the U.S market. While aftermarket is the primary driver of the segment improvement, we are also encouraged by progress on margin in our glass product line as a result of pricing initiatives and renegotiating underperforming contracts. There was a partial offset of our self-service operations gross margin, which decreased relative to the first quarter of 2018 due to the scrap price impact that I referenced and Nick called out the impact in his comments earlier. Shifting to operating expenses, we saw an increase of 100 basis points compared to a year-ago. The negative leverage effect resulting from quarter-over-quarter decline in revenue of $28 million drove a significant portion of the decrease. Having one fewer selling day in Q1 of 2019 increased the expense as a percentage of revenue of fixed costs, such as facility rental expenses and administrative personnel salaries. Additionally, the decline in other revenue primarily related to lower scrap prices created a negative leverage effect as highest scrap revenue doesn't require additional overhead costs such as commissions and delivery costs. That said, this segment did incur higher expenses in rent related to expansions and renewals, employee benefit costs due to enhancements implemented across the U.S business last April and vehicle insurance costs. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the first quarter of 2019 was $177 million, down $1 million compared to a year-ago and as a percentage of revenue was up 20 basis points from the prior year quarter. Sequential changes in scrap prices had an unfavorable impact of $4 million for the quarter compared to a positive impact of $13 million in Q1 2018 creating a $17 million year-over-year negative swing. On the surface, a 20 basis point improvement in segment EBITDA may not sound very impressive, but when you factor in the gross margin increase and the scrap price and leverage headwinds, the North America team took a solid step towards achieving its margin goals. Moving to our European segment on Slide 16. Gross margin in Europe was 36.8% in Q1, a 90 basis point increase over the comparable period of 2018. Our centralized procurement yielded a 50 basis point improvement from supplier rebate programs as we continue to benefit from the synergies created with the STAHLGRUBER acquisition. Our U.K operations contributed a 30 basis point increase with lower distribution costs. You recall that we had some challenges in our T2 facility in early 2018, which produced an incremental operating costs that did repeat this year. With respect to operating expenses, we experienced a 60 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter from a year-ago relative to lower sales growth partially attributable to fewer selling days in the quarter had a negative impact on operating leverage, given the segments relatively high fixed cost base especially with regards to personnel. Partially offsetting, we had a 40 basis point decrease primarily due to freight and also facility rental expenses. European segment EBITDA totaled $105 million, a 39% increase over last year. As shown on Slide 17 relative to the first quarter of a year-ago, both the sterling and the euro weakened by 6% and 8%, respectively, against the dollar causing almost a penny and a half negative effect from translation and transaction gains and losses on adjusted EPS in the quarter. Segment EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 7.3% for Q1 2019, flat compared to the same period last year. Compared to a year-ago, we made progress towards integrating STAHLGRUBER and putting T2 back on track. However, with challenging economic conditions and fewer selling days, negative the effecting revenue in Q1, we are working actively to manage operating leverage. Turning to our Specialty segment on Slide 18, the gross margin percentage declined 160 basis points in Q1 relative to the comparable period a year-ago. Of this amount, 120 basis points related to higher net product costs as a supplier discounts will lower than realized in the prior year. We benefited from higher discounts in the fourth quarter of 2017 that carried over into our first quarter 2018 gross margin. The balance related primarily to increased customer incentives due to higher volumes with certain customers. Operating expenses improved 50 basis points relative to the prior year with reductions in personnel and advertising more than offsetting higher facility expenses related to warehouse expansion projects that went live after the first quarter of 2018. While these projects generated an increase in year-over-year expenses, we believe that the investments were necessary to support the segments growth and profitability objectives and that the short-term margin effect will be mitigated as the warehouses are optimized. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $38 million, down about 10% from Q1 of 2018 and as a percentage of revenue EBITDA margin was down 120 basis points to 10.7%. Our Specialty business has produced solid results in recent years and we believe that the Specialty team will be able to make up the shortfall and produce growth in both EBITDA dollars and margin percentage for the full-year. Let's move on to capital allocation and the balance sheet. As presented on Slide 19, you will note that our operating cash flow for the first quarter was $177 million, 22% higher than Q1a year-ago. With the change to our compensation plan, our teams are focused on driving working capital improvements, though I do need to call out that there will be some ups and downs as we move throughout the year based on seasonality and timing of certain transactions. For example, in our STAHLGRUBER operation customer rebates get paid in the month of March, which triggered a large outflow in receivables for the quarter that wasn't present a year-ago. On the other hand, we were able to reduce inventory by $72 million and that resulted as a cash inflow for the quarter. CapEx for the quarter was $53 million resulting in free cash flow for the quarter of $124 million and almost 50% improvement relative to year-ago. In addition to share repurchases of $70 million in the first quarter, we paid down $60 million of debt. Our strong cash flow generation allows us to delever while at the same time returning capital to our shareholders. On January 1, 2019, the long-awaited lease accounting standard ASC 842 went into effect. And you can see a large impact on our balance sheet. We added about $1.3 billion in assets and a similar amount in liabilities related to operating leases that were off balance sheet under the prior accounting rules. There was no material impact on our income statement due to the new accounting standard and our net leverage ratio covenant under the credit facility was unaffected. Moving to Slide 21. As of 31st of March, we had $360 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $3.9 billion or about 2.9x last 12 months EBITDA. Now I would like to provide an update on our annual guidance. Please note that the guidance assumes that scrap prices and foreign exchange rates hold at current levels. Additionally, the guidance continues to assume no material disruptions associated with the United Kingdom's potential exit from the European Union. As Nick noted earlier, the first quarter came in line with our expectations. North America excluding self-service performed well and we expect the specialty margin decline to be short-lived. While we see challenges with European economic conditions holding for the remainder of the year, we believe that the business is resilient and that the management team will adapt appropriately to meet the targets. Therefore, we are leaving our 2019 full-year guidance unchanged with the exception of our full-year forecasted U.S GAAP income going to the first quarter activity. Let me run you through the guidance figures quickly. Organic parts and services revenue growth remains at 2% to the 4% corridor. Diluted EPS on a GAAP basis is updated to a range of $1.87- to $2 accounting for the Q1 activity, primarily related to the non-cash impairment charges I referenced earlier. Adjusted diluted EPS remains unchanged for the year. The range remains at $2.34 to $2.46. Cash flows from operations continues to reflect a range of $775 million to $850 million. And capital spending is unchanged at a range of $250 million to $300 million. In summary, the first quarter was a solid start to the year and we remain optimistic about our prospects for the balance of the year. Now I'll turn the call back to Nick for closing remarks.
A - Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that financial overview. And with that, let me reiterate the key initiatives discussed in February that we will continue to focus on during the balance of 2019. First, we will integrate and simplify the operating model. Our management teams will concentrate on leveraging the strengths of their respective business units for profitable revenue growth, margin improvement and cash conversion, and as discussed, work on divesting the businesses that don't represent the right long-term fit for our organization. Second, we will closely monitor costs and react quicker to changing market conditions. We believe that we can adapt to market trends and economic conditions to deliver our full-year targets. Third, we will invest in our future through projects like the European ERP implementation, which continues to move forward. And finally, we will create even tighter alignment with the key priorities of the company and the expectations of our stockholders through revised compensation programs. I am happy to report these programs and targets have been communicated throughout the organization and the teams are actively working towards achieving their respective goals. In closing, I am very proud of the momentum we’ve created with our Q1 performance and how our team of over 51,000 employees performed amid various operating challenges in both North America and Europe. Importantly, I want to recognize how our leaders across each of our segments have embraced our productivity initiatives and the metrics we have implemented as we progress through 2019 and beyond. These factors should continue to create long-term value for our stockholders. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Your line is open. Michael Hoffman, your line is open. Our next question comes from the line of Stephanie Benjamin from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to get a little bit more color on expectations for European EBITDA margin for the remainder of the year flat for the first quarter, but what kind of are the drivers to see improvement as we move through the year? Thanks.
Varun Laroyia: Stephanie, good morning. It's Varun Laroyia. How are you?
Stephanie Benjamin: Doing well. Thank you.
Varun Laroyia: So listen, in terms of -- excellent. Listen, so in terms of our European margins, while we were really pleased with the way our ECP and our U.K operations bounced back. As Nick noted in his opening comments, there was some macroeconomic softness, which obviously pull down the overall organic growth numbers. But in terms of the overall full-year number for our European business, while clearly, Q1 was a little disappointing from an operating leverage standpoint. We do know that in the remaining nine months, the team is actively working towards delivering on their targets. That is again a fair bit of the year yet to run and the team is actually proactively working through a series of different initiatives to ensure that they hit their margin targets. I think if you’re referring back to the broader 3-year program that we had called out following January 2018, so that full-year 2021 we would hit the 10 points of segment EBITDA margins, that remains unchanged. So no change to that program that we had called out for the 36 month period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk about the accounts payable balance? Maybe as its specifically around the European side of the business? How you’ve done as far as leveraging payables? And then sort of -- along with that as STAHLGRUBER enter the mix, could you give us some feeling for STAHLGRUBER's accretion maybe in Q1 what it added? You talked about some incremental margin and the purchasing mix, that maybe you could talk about it sort of standalone profitability?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Hey, Bret. Good morning. It's Varun. Let me answer the first part of your question and then I think Nick will pick up on the second part of your two-part question. So in terms of payables on an enterprise-wide basis, they were flat on a year-over-year basis. But you are indeed correct, in terms of being able to get a vendor financing program up and running, we've had great discussions and we continue to work towards getting it across the final finishing line. So we’re excited about that, but we do believe that really is where there is a significant amount of upside. For no other reason than it is a common set of suppliers, that also supply to the big box folks here in the U.S. So again, discussions are underway. We have great financing partners lined up also and we actually anticipate seeing some of that come through in 2019.
Dominick Zarcone: And Bret this is Nick. Good morning. As it relates to the STAHLGRUBER accretion, indeed that acquisition added to our earnings per share. On a direct basis, it is a few cents, as we’ve noted in other conversations, not all of the synergies related to STAHLGRUBER will [indiscernible] themselves at STAHLGRUBER, because some of the procurement, really that’s some of those [indiscernible] gets spread overall the different operating units in Europe. So we are happy with the acquisition and how its performing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Varun, first if you could -- good morning. Varun, if you could give us the per day organic growth for each segment? I am sorry, I missed it. And then with respect to Specialty, maybe just add a little color to what happened in the first quarter and what makes you confident that business will recover as the year unfolds? Thanks.
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Hey, Craig. Good morning. It's Varun. So in terms of on a per day basis for each of our reportable segments. As Nick mentioned, North America was marginally up about 10 basis points on a per day basis. Europe was up 2.1% on a per day basis and Specialty achieved organic revenue growth of 2.6% on a per day basis. The key out here really is, if you think about some of our businesses that Nick also called out and I also refer too, in terms of whether it would be our glass business where we’ve focused on margins, that’s certainly pulled us back in terms of overall per day on a -- in North America, for example. And again as Nick mentioned, if we were to pull up the glass and the airplane recycling business, as they both exhibited a negative same day growth. The largest part of our North American segment, being salvage and the aftermarket piece, essentially grew about 1.8% on a per day basis. So just wanted to kind of reiterate that’s a solid performance across each of our large business segments. And with regards to the second part of your question on Specialty, so yes, Specialty gross margins were down 160 basis points, but about a 120 basis points of that's almost three quarters of that related to and this is -- I’m going to ask folks to dive into their memory banks, but in the fourth quarter of '17 where we had a significant investment in overall inventories, you will recall apart from the hurricane buying opportunities we had, we also invested into our Specialty business. And some of those opportunistic buying conditions related to getting some pretty attractive discounts from our suppliers, those discounts essentially get capitalized and get rolled into 2018 results for the Specialty unit, which obviously boosted certain margins. But at this point of time, that obviously has flown through that balance sheet and the income statement and the team is actually working to -- continue to hit its numbers. So again, we are quietly confident about the Specialty segment being able to hit its full-year targets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, guys.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Daniel.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: I have question on North America. Obviously, growth slowed. It sounds like you’re about flat on a same day basis, but we still saw margin up year-over-year as you guys execute on your pricing and discounting program. Can you talk a little bit about how your customers are responding to those changes? I mean, are you seeing any pushback from them? And then related to that, have we seen any update on OEM pricing here domestically? Thanks.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So, again, we got a little bit of a dichotomy in the North American growth with the core business actually as Varun just said, up about 1.8% on a same day basis. So I'm feeling pretty good about that. And as I mentioned in my comments, March was a lot better than January as well. So the near-term trends are good. We are adjusting our pricing based on the inflationary conditions that we’re facing with respect to wages and rates and the like. We are being very thoughtful as to how we are doing that with our customers. It is a very competitive environment out there as you well know. And we are taking it day-by-day, and really customer by customer. All we are trying to do is have -- recover the incremental operating costs we are facing in running the business on a day in and day out basis. But given the [indiscernible] condition we have in this country and the impact that has on wages and the like. And the second half of your question? Daniel, you have a two-part question, I believe. Okay. We will go on to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking the question. So the question is on the EBIT margin improvement x self-service. It was exceptionally like very strong, which is great to see. As you assess your non-core operations, can you talk about your self-service business? And if you consider this to be a good business and core to your offering? And holding scrap prices steady, can you talk about the margin profile and capital intensity relative to the rest of North America? Thank you.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. So our self-service business in North America is clearly the most cyclical, because that’s where the largest impact that scrap pricing -- its manifest. In times where scrap is rising and we get benefit of that, that’s obviously a clear benefit to the self-service business. In times like what we’re seeing right now where scrap has come down materially since the first of the year, it's working against this. When you take it over kind of a multiyear view, the self-service business is a good performer with good double-digit margins and it adds to the overall value of the organization. More broadly, we’re very proud of the North American margin improvement that we had as we initiated 170 basis points on the top line and 120 basis points improvement at the EBITDA line. When you take out the impact of self-service, which is really the impact of the scrap on the overall segment. We think that is very good. It's -- really the first time in about five quarters that we’ve been able to post a positive year-over-year growth and EBITDA margins in North America. And we are looking forward for the team to continue that momentum as we complete the rest of the year.
Varun Laroyia: And Nick just to add to the comments you mentioned, so Chris, effectively if you look at on North America segment, which had an uptick with regards to gross margins by about 90 basis points. Without the self-service business that would have been up 170 basis points, so an incremental 80 bps. And if you think of it in terms of how that flows all the way through to EBITDA margins, while we are incredibly proud of the fact that the overall segment reported a 20 basis points up. As Nick mentioned, without the self-service business, it would have been 120 basis points up. So there's 100 point delta, 100 basis point delta right there at the EBITDA level. And I think the final part of your question was about the capital intensity of our self-service business. Listen, in terms of self-service capital intensity, it's actually pretty good. It actually lowers the overall capital intensity of the business. But if you think of the business model for our self-service where we have our stores or yards, take a pick in terms of what you would like to call them. The inventory that we have on offer on the salvage side has to be fresh, right? Once people come and pick their parts out of those vehicles, if it's there for more than call it three, max four weeks, it become stale. And so that's really when it become -- it gets kind of crushed and kind of again sent to the shredders, but effectively from a capital intensity perspective that product moves pretty darn quick. So on a capital intensity adjusted basis, the returns of that business are pretty good. The only issue, as you and Nick also kind of pointed out, is the volatility associated with the broader macroeconomic scenario with regards to scrap steel prices. That really is what kind of comes through. And then from an EPS perspective on a year-over-year basis, just to kind of reiterate, the reversal on scrap and as we’ve talked about it in our guidance also that hit us for $0.04 on a year-over-year basis, Q1 '18 versus Q1 2019. So a $0.04 hit effectively on a year-over-year basis came through.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys. Two questions for me.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Morning. So, first, in North America can you provide a little bit more color on the aviation and glass headwind? Is it one-off or should it continue? And then, secondly, can you comment on the competitive environment in Europe if things are the same or getting a little bit worse?
Dominick Zarcone: Sure. As it relates to the glass business, we’ve taken a very purposeful approach to make sure that we can drive good margins there. Clearly it had a little bit of an impact on our revenue in the first quarter, that’s probably going to linger with us as we proceed through 2019. Though, again, that’s a business again where the costs get a little bit easier as we get into the back half of the year. The aviation business, again that -- it's different from the rest of our business and that’s -- it's much fewer transaction of -- bigger dollar size per transaction, if you will. You’re not selling a used engine for $800. You’re selling used engines literally for hundreds of thousands of dollars. And so there is going to be more volatility. We are -- our expectation is in the aviation business. And again, the outlook for the year is -- the team is looking to hit their flat [ph].
Varun Laroyia: And then I think, Ryan, your second part of your -- of your two-part question was competition in Europe. So let me address that also. Listen, in terms of what we've talked about previously, we know there's a general downdraft with regards to economic sentiment across Europe in any case, the fact that there have been other folks that have public companies that have reported, which may have experienced negative growth. Each of our organic numbers that we’ve kind of posted for our European business, each of our platforms actually delivered positive year-over-year organic. While it may have been anemic, they’ve all came out with positive year-over-year organic. So, from that perspective, we feel good about it. We knew going into Q1 versus a year-ago, our European business a year-ago had been impacted by some operational challenges that have been well discussed and articulated. We are really happy with the way ECP has come through. That business as a market leader has continued to deliver and without the operational stumbles, is actually delivering on the promise we had -- we know that business can deliver. So on a broader basis, listen, the competition has always been there. Do we see any more intensity? Not really, it's always been pretty darn intense in any case. So from that perspective, no major shifts that we see specifically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember from CL King. Your line is open.
Scott Stember: Good morning.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember: Could you maybe frame out a little bit more the Europe organic sales situation. You did say that you saw that ECP was up nicely, I guess, compared to the rest of the regions. But maybe just give us an idea of how much it was up and maybe just frame that against some of the other regions? Just give us an idea of the performance in Eastern Europe. Thanks.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. Scott, we don’t provide guidance on a country-by-country basis. What I can tell you is on a same day basis Europe was well north of 2% and that was pretty much in line with ECP and most -- all of the businesses that we’ve. So, no significant kind of deviation. Obviously, STAHLGRUBER is not in the organic numbers since we did it, complete that acquisition until May 31 of last year. So they won't really come into the whole, but for a month in Q2 and then really we will fully commence with the organic calculation going to get into Q3 of this year. But, again, across the board all of our platforms, if you will, think about ECP [indiscernible]. Rhiag, we are all in kind of that -- kind of low single-digit, 2% plus range that on a total basis was for the European segment. And that compare ECP last -- first quarter last year and then [indiscernible] organic. So that’s where the big [indiscernible] came on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers from Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, you mentioned, you saw a significant improvement in March from January and February. I wonder if you could put any numbers around that and perhaps talk a little bit about what you're seeing in April?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, so we don't provide monthly guidance, Jason. But let's just say that March was more consistent with where we had been historically, and the January numbers were pretty soft.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, and again Nick just to add to -- Jason, just to kind of confirm what we did mentioned in the opening remarks was specifically the sales intensity in our North America segment in the first quarter where January and February was slow. March has come through very strongly. Now, again, a whole host of different anecdotal information. What we do know as a fact is that there was the federal government shutdown in the month of January where 800,000 federal employees were essentially not being paid or essentially not at work, and that obviously has an amplification impact also. But again, as we talked about, we didn’t talk about margins, we specifically talked about North America sales intensity that continue to improve as we ended towards the back end of the quarter.
Dominick Zarcone: Yes, and as we talked about last call too, right, the first two quarters of last year in North America had pretty much modest organic. So there is going to be tough comps, right. We are at, I think 6.8%, like 7.2% in Q1 and Q2 organic of 2018. And so again, we are going to have another quarter as we head into Q2, what we have -- some pretty high comps. And then the back half of the year obviously get much easier comps on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue. I will turn the call back to Nick Zarcone for closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Well, thank you everyone for listening to our first quarter call here. We do appreciate your time and attention. Again, we feel very proud of the quarter we delivered. We think it puts us in very good standing as we head into the balance of the year. Again, there's nine months to run, if you will, so there's a lot of runway ahead of us. But all in all, we’re feeling confident about 2019 and we certainly look forward to chatting with everybody in another 90 days when we report our second quarter results. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Joe Boutross, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Joseph Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, LKQ's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for the call. Now let me quickly cover the safe harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal norm, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We certainly appreciate your time and attention at this early hour. This morning, I will provide some high level comments related to our operations in the fourth quarter and then Varun will dig into the segments, the related financial details, and then discuss our 2019 guidance before I come back with a few closing remarks. Taken as a whole, we made good progress in the fourth quarter with the various operational initiatives we implemented throughout 2018. We did however experienced some challenges in achieving the expectations we set forth in our previous guidance, primarily related to our European operations. Make no mistake, these challenges have not changed our focus on the four key themes we outlined in our last call. Our continued pursuit of profitable revenue growth, progress on our margin improvement plans, excellent cash conversion and the optimization of our capital allocation strategy. Now on to the quarter. As noted on Slide 5, revenue for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $3 billion, an increase of 22% over the $2.5 billion recorded in the comparable period of 2017. Parts and services organic revenue growth for the fourth quarter of 2018 was 2.5%. Net income from continuing operations attributable to LKQ's stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $40 million, a decrease of 68% year-over-year.  Diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ’s stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $0.13 a share as compared to $0.41 for the same period of 2017, a decrease of 68%. The fourth quarter 2018 results include non-cash impairment charges net of tax of $48 million related to the company's equity investment in Mekonomen and $26 million related to goodwill recorded on our 2017 acquisition of an aviation parts recycler. These impairment charges reduced diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2018 by $0.23. Varun will address both these items in his commentary. On an adjusted basis, net income from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders was $151 million, an increase of 19.7% as compared to the $126 million for the same period of last year. As noted on Slide 6, adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $0.48 an increase of 17.1% as compared to the $0.41 for the same period of 2017. With respect to capital allocation, during the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of its common stock at an average price per share of $26.41, reflecting a $60 million return of capital to our shareholders. As stated during our last earnings call, our strong capital position and healthy cash flow affords us the opportunity to continue investing in our strategic growth drivers all simultaneously utilizing a share repurchase program to maintain a balance capital allocation strategy. Let's turn to the quarterly segment highlights. As you all know from Slide 7, organic revenue growth for parts and services in our North American segment was 3.7% in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to the comparable quarter of 2017. Excluding the impact for the battery contract with FCA, which just started on January 1, 2018, organic growth for the rest of the North American segment, was 2.4%. Still, we continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC, collision- and liability-related auto claims were down 0.9% in the fourth quarter and up only 0.1% for the full-year 2018. We believe this outperformance in our growth relative to the CCC data is due to the continued increase in the number of vehicles in our collision sweet spot that being model years we did 10 years old and an 18% increase in the number of alternative parts utilized on a per claim basis over the past five years. Also according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q4 was achieved all miles driven in the United States were down 0.5% from October and up just 0.3% on a nationwide basis in November. During Q4, the salvage line of business launched the implementation of a software platform that uses predictive analytics and multiple data input beats to refine the analysis in calculating the most accurate part prices, which in turn will be used to determine the value of total loss vehicles to LKQ and provide more accurate pricing determination at the auctions. We believe the early stages of this price optimization effort played a key role in the organic growth for recycled parts outpacing that of aftermarket parts in the fourth quarter and for the first time in 2018. Related to our recycling business, I am proud of our North American teams’ environmental efforts in 2018, between our full service salvage and self service businesses, in 2018, we processed over 872,000 vehicles resulting in among other things, the recycling of 1.4 million catalytic converters, 2.2 million tires, 560,000 batteries, 2.4 million gallons of waste oil in over 4 million gallons of fuel. This effort is a key pillar in our mission of being a responsible steward of the environment in a true partner with the communities in which we operate. We also continue to grow our parts offerings with aftermarket collision SKU offerings and the total number of certified parts available each growing 5.2% and 11.5% respectively in 2018. Our North American team continued to make solid progress with respect to the margin recovery efforts despite facing ongoing cost pressures, primarily from wage, fuel and freight inflation. These efforts include being disciplined in terms of pricing and discounts, and realizing continued improvements with our telematics and Roadnet platforms. During the fourth quarter 96% of the 326,000 manifests in North America were created through Roadnet with better routing inefficient trucks, fuel consumption and miles driven were reduced by 1.7%. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 47%, primarily driven by the acquisition of Stahlgruber. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 0.3%, reflecting a pullback from Q3 levels and well below our expectations. The European demand was soft across many of our key markets, including the UK, Benelux and Italy. During the fourth quarter and full-year our Rhiag business witnessed negative growth in Italy. In Q4, 2018 Italian economy shrank by 0.2% following a 0.1% decline in Q3. With that, Italy's economy officially tripped into recession and the economic contraction is expected to continue for sometime, which could create a difficult market for our operations as well. Euro Car Parts posted organic growth in Q4 and full-year 2018, but the quarterly results were well below our expectations. The UK continues to struggle with the Brexit negotiations and the economic uncertainty appeared to have a negative impact on overall demand with most market participants reporting low single-digit organic growth. STAHLGRUBER performs in line with expectations but we are closely monitoring the economic conditions in Germany which have shown signs of a slowdown. When looking at Europe as a whole a soft economic outlook has shaped our expectations for our 2019 organic revenue guidance. Regarding Brexit the whole world is waiting to see what comes of the ever changing discussions both within the UK and between the UK and the EU. A couple of de-risk revolve around the fact that most of what is consumed in the UK including automotive parts originates outside of the UK. Indeed a majority of the inventory purchased by the ECP and Andrew Page comes from EU countries. Accordingly a further weakening of the sterling relative the other currencies couldn't place the cost of procurements and any trade disruptions in terms of getting inventory into the country could create issues in servicing customer demand. With respect to the currencies we do hedge a portion of our expected inventory purchases a few months forward using FX contracts. On the product front all of our UK based businesses have been working to ensure we have a minimum number of months coverage on all types of inventory including fast movers, mid movers, and even certain slow moving SKUs. This is involved a variety of activities including placing advanced orders increasing stock holdings at ECP facilities and working with key suppliers to have them create buffer stock at their facilities within the UK prior to the end of March. The interest of the ECP and our suppliers are directly aligned and we have been working proactively with these partners several of which have extended payable terms to offset the cash impact of building inventories. While there are many unknowns related to how Brexit will impact the UK in Europe we believe we have the broadest and deepest inventory in the market and our confident that we will be able to meet our customer's needs. While the overall European market weakness has provided some headwinds we are also actively addressing the Company specific operating challenges we've experienced to assure we can continue to maintain our market-leading positions and capture the opportunities that we believe our long-term European strategy presents for our Company and our stockholders. Some of the changes relate to new productivity programs all others involve changes in leadership. I will cover a few of our key initiatives in my closing remarks. As I mentioned in our May 2018, Investor Day talent acquisition is a key initiative for European segment and in Q4 we made solid progress on this front. On December 20 the Company announced that Arnd Franz will join LKQ Europe as Chief Operating Officer on April 1. Arnd is currently Corporate Executive Vice President and Member of the Management Board of the MAHLE Group, where he is been responsible for the company’s global automotive sales and application engineering, including their aftermarket business unit. From 2006 to 2013, he was Executive Vice President and General Manager for MAHLE Aftermarket. Arnd will report directly to John Quinn, CEO of LKQ Europe. Arnd brings nearly 20 years of experience with Tier 1 automotive suppliers across Europe and has a strong record of successful integration efforts. He will be a great addition to the LKQ Europe leadership team. Specific to Euro Car Parts, on January 2 of this year, the company announced that Andy Hamilton was appointed ECP’s Chief Executive Officer. Andy joined ECP in 2010, where he held several executive roles, the last of which was Chief Operating Officer. During that period, ECP saw unprecedented growth as the network group from 89 to over 220 branches. Prior to ECP, Andy held a variety of management roles for Halfords Group, the UK's leading automotive and leisure retailer with over 500 locations. Additionally at ECP, we recently added two key people to the leadership team, including a Chief Administrative Officer and a Chief Supply Chain Officer. The Chief Administrative Officer and Varun actually worked together during their respective times at both CBRE and Johnson Controls. The primary task for this position is to focus on ECP support and governance functions with overall responsibility for legal, finance, and human resources, thereby freeing Andy to focus on customer facing and operating matters. The Chief Supply Chain Officer worked at ECP from 2014 to 2016 and we are excited to have him back on the team. The main responsibilities for this role are ECP’s logistics and supply chain activities, including the leadership of the T2 facility. Finally, during Q4 we opened up a total of five new branches in Eastern Europe. Since acquiring Rhiag in 2016, we have opened 94 branches in Eastern Europe, and as we enter 2019, we are now focused on maximizing the productivity of our existing branches with just a handful of new openings planned for this year. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During Q4, Specialty reported total revenue growth of 8.9% including organic revenue growth for parts and services of 5.8% and acquisition growth of more than 3%. Specialty continues to deliver strong results with EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter and full-year 2018 both achieving their highest levels since we entered this segment in 2014. During the 2018 SEMA Show, the Specialty team launched a new mobile app that is capable of putting the power of their industry best eKeystone business-to-business system into any device. This app harnesses mobile device technology, including voice-to-text capability to allow users to search for products simply by saying a category or brand and utilizes the mobile device camera to scan QR, UPC and vehicle VIN numbers and VIN barcodes. The eKeystone app includes all the proprietary data in Keystone’s B2B system, thereby providing subscribers access to approximately 800,000 cataloged SKUs, 400,000 images, 20,000 videos, and 40,000 installation instructions and more. We are pleased with the early adoption rates of the app which thus far have generated close to 4,000 downloads from our Keystone Automotive Operations customers. This was a tremendous initiative and I credit our Specialty teams’ effort to think outside the box and deliver solutions that enhance customer service and drive incremental sales. Moving on to corporate development, during the fourth quarter, we acquired three wholesale businesses in North America and two wholesale businesses in Europe for a total net consideration of approximately $14 million. And finally, I would like to highlight that our Board has approved management suggested changes to the structure of our compensation programs, whereby the incentives are directly in lined with our Company wide objectives. For our key leaders across the globe, the 2019 annual bonus program will incentivize EBITDA, both in dollars and as a percentage of revenue, as well as improvements in free cash flow generation. For the long-term cash incentive plan, the incentives will be based on return on invested capital, organic revenue growth and EPS growth over a three-year period. In addition, we are creating a new long-term performance share program high to the achievement of the same target metrics. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who run you through the details of the segment results and discuss our 2019 guidance.
Varun Laroyia: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I will take you through our consolidated and segment results for the quarter, cover our current liquidity position, and provide 2019 guidance before turning it back to Nick for closing remarks. The fourth quarter results featured several solid accomplishments and some further opportunities for us to realize. On the positive side, three key points to highlight. Number one, we continue to integrate STAHLGRUBER and I am happy to report that the business is performing in line with expectations and that we are achieving the synergies projected at this stage. Two, our Specialty segment, which historically had generated its lowest segment EBITDA, margin in the fourth quarter, so an 80 basis points year-over-year improvement in this metric, largely due to effective margin management initiatives. And finally, three, operating cash flow for the fourth quarter was $190 million, which in total produce the highest annual operating cash flow in the Company's history at $711 million and free cash flow of $461 million. I am very proud of the team's dedication to working capital management, which I am confident will carry through into 2019 and beyond. On the other side of the ledger, as Nick described, we experienced some softness in revenue growth in the quarter in both North America and Europe. As previously noted, the North America segment was able to withstand the revenue softness relatively well, while in Europe the softness in revenue growth created pressure on a segment EBITDA margin. I will provide further color on this when we discuss segment performance. There is a larger spread between our GAAP and adjusted figures this quarter than we are typically accustomed to reporting. The variance is attribute to the under-performance of two specific investments, which resulted in an impairment charge in the fourth quarter totaling $75 million on an after-tax basis or about $0.23 per share. Firstly, we recorded a $33 million goodwill impairment charge related to our aviation recycling business in North America that we acquired in early 2017. The changing market conditions have dampened our outlook for this business, prompting the charge, which was recognized as part of our annual test for goodwill impairment. And second, in the equity earnings line, which is where we report our share of the results of Mekonomen. We recorded a loss of $46 million in the quarter. This loss is attributable to $48 million non-cash impairment charge on our Mekonomen investment. We recorded $23 million charge in the third quarter and unfortunately the stock price decline further through December 31, necessitating another write-down. Since year end, Mekonomen has announced its fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results and revised its dividend policy that has resulted in yet another drop in its stock price. Unless there is a turnaround in the stock price in the coming weeks, we will need to record a further impairment charge in the first quarter. We clearly disappointed in the performance of our investment in Mekonomen, and are hopeful that the worst is behind us. Now I’ll turn to Slide 13 and 14 of the presentation for a few points on the consolidated results. The consolidated gross margin percentage increase 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.7% as positive improvements in both Europe and Specialty segments more than offset a negative mix impact related to Europe. Specifically the lower gross margin Europe segment now makes up a larger percentage of the consolidated results following the STAHLGRUBER acquisition, but again as I mentioned we could more than offset this impact. Our operating expenses increased by 50 basis points quarter-over-quarter primarily attribute to the negative leverage effect in Europe due to revenue softness that I mentioned earlier. Interest expense was up $10 million or 37% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, due to higher average debt balances primarily related to the STAHLGRUBER financing. Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 28.3% for the quarter the annual base tax rate was roughly 27.2% which is consistent with third quarter estimate. The higher rate for the fourth quarter reflects a roughly $1 million net negative impact from discrete items. We completed our analysis of the impact from U.S. tax reform and I'm happy to report that there were no adjustments to the provisional amounts in Q4. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the fourth quarter were $0.13 down $0.28 relative to the comparable quarter a year-ago. Adjusted EPS was $0.48 reflecting a 17% improvement year-over-year. Moving to the segments with North America on Slide 17, gross margins during the fourth quarter were 43.5% of flat compared to the prior year. Our pricing initiatives in the aftermarket line have been successful in realizing gross margin benefits that we experience in offsetting decrease in a salvage operations at car costs have moved higher with the mix shifting towards newer model year purchases. Similar to our aftermarket line we are implementing pricing tools for salvage products to enhance the gross margin generated on each car. Our self-service operations gross margins were roughly flat on a year-over-year basis with non-recurring insurance recovery of setting the negative impact of declining scrap steel prices. Shifting to operating expenses for North America we saw an increase of 10 basis points both compared to last year and sequentially. There were a few factors working in opposite directions this quarter. Facility expenses increased 50 basis points due to higher rent and utilities expenses and non-recurring these terminations charge. Consistent with the first three quarters we faced headwinds related to freight and vehicle expenses and these costs drew a 30 basis point increase over the prior year. We actively working to address these headwinds as well as wage inflation and rising benefit costs to the margin initiatives noted previously and also through cost controls throughout the organization. Going the other direction we had non-recurring gain on an asset sales in the fourth quarter of 2018 that had a favorable 30 basis point impact. The remaining 40 basis points improvement primarily related to a reduction in bad debt expense reflecting our strong emphasis on receivable collections. And finally, we saw a 40 basis point unfavorable movement in segment EBITDA related to the non-controlling interest line. While the operating results of a whole - of a non wholly-owned subsidiaries impact the reported gross margin and operating expense figures, the allocation of the profit or loss from these businesses fall below operating profit. Last year we allocated a loss from our non wholly-owned subsidiaries in North America to the minority shareholders, but reported income in these businesses in 2018 thereby creating the unfavorable year-over-year comparison. In total segment EBITDA from North America for the fourth quarter of 2018 was $153 million roughly flat compared to the prior year. Looking at Slide 19, scrap prices were flat versus the comparable quarter a year-ago, but down relative to the third quarter of 2018 by 3%. As we previously mentioned the impact from scrap reflects the sequential movement in pricing as car costs will generally follow scrap prices higher or lower over time. Changes in scrap steel prices had a negative effect of approximately $5 million on segment EBITDA or a little over $0.01 on adjusted diluted EPS. The management team remains intensely focused on margin realization and the cost mitigation initiatives launched last year. Moving on to our European segment in Slide 20, gross margin in Europe was 36.7% in the fourth quarter, a 100 basis point increase over the comparable period of 2017. Our Sator business in the Benelux region continued to show margin expansion, contributing a 30 basis point improvement to the segment with specific strength in private-label sales and the ongoing move from a 3-step to a 2-step model in that market. Our centralized procurement yielded a 40 basis point improvement from supplier rebate programs. With respect to operating expenses, we experienced a 120 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter from a year ago. The lower sales growth had a negative impact on operating leverage. STAHLGRUBER results, as I previously mentioned were consistent with the previously disclosed projection for the year. European segment EBITDA totaled $107 million, a 38% increase over last year. As shown on Slide 22, relative to the fourth quarter of 2017, both the pound sterling and the euro both weakened by 3% against the dollar causing about a $0.01 negative effect from translation on adjusted EPS in the quarter. Segment EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 7.5% for the fourth quarter of 2018, down 50 basis points from the same period last year due to revenue softness and lower than expected results both in the United Kingdom and Italy. The management team has implemented cost controls over all geographies, including reviews of discretionary spending and stringent additional approvals for headcount. The European team has reiterated its commitment to the previously stated objective to deliver double-digit segment EBITDA margins by the end of the three-year period that started in January 2018. Turning over to our Specialty segment on Slide 23. This business continues to deliver solid results. The gross margin percentage improved by 230 basis points in the fourth quarter relative to the comparable period of 2017. Of this amount, 120 basis points related to a non-recurring amortization impact in 2017 related to one purchase accounting, and additional 30 basis points increase is attributable to mix. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in Specialty were flat relative to the prior year. Higher vehicle and fuel expenses and FX causes were partially offset by a reduction in bad debt expense falling on from the previously mentioned focus on collections. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $28 million, up 20% from the fourth quarter of 2017, and as a percentage of revenue segment EBITDA was up 70 basis points to 8.5%. Let's move on to capital allocation and the balance sheet. As presented on Slide 25, you will note that our operating cash flows for 2018 was $711 million or up $192 million, a 37% increase versus 2017. Operating cash flows for the quarter was strong at $190 million following the momentum in the third quarter or into an emphasis on receivables collections, and moderate inventory growth. CapEx for the quarter was $78 million and $250 million for the full-year. In the fourth quarter, we made further pay downs on a credit facility borrowings, while repurchasing $60 million of LKQ stock under the repurchase program launched late last October. For the full-year of 2018, we paid down $206 million on a credit facility borrowings all of this was funded by a strong operating cash flows. Trade working capital has defined as receivables and inventory offset by payables as a percentage of revenue improved by 250 basis points, reflecting our commitments towards delivering strong cash flow. I am very heartened by the scale of improvement we could deliver as this has come ahead of the structural change to the incentive compensation program in 2019 and more broad-based working capital efficiency programs. Moving to Slide 27, we amended and extended our credit facility in the fourth quarter. The changes increase the capacity of a revolving credit facility to $3.15 billion, offset by a lower term loan, extended the maturity through to January 2024, simplify the pricing tiers and immediately reduced our borrowing margin by 25 basis points. As of the 31 December, we had $332 million of unrestricted cash, resulting in net debt of about $4 billion or 2.9x last 12 months EBITDA. Breaking through the lesson 3x benchmark is a crucial threshold as a further lowers the cost of our credit facility borings based on the revised pricing tiers as part of the credit facility amend and extend, we executed in the fourth quarter. On Slide 28, we've had the key metrics that we track, though please note that we are excluding the impact of STAHLGRUBER in the calculations to eliminate short-term movements caused by large investments. We will add STAHLGRUBER into the calculations once we've analyzed the transaction. Now I'd like to detail our annual guidance for 2019. Please note that the guidance assumes that scrap prices and FX rates hold at current levels and the annual tax rate is dialed in at 27%. Additionally, the guidance assumes no material disruptions associated with the United Kingdom's potential exit from the European Union. We have set organic parts and services revenue growth at 2% to 4%. Given our fourth quarter revenue growth, the economic uncertainty in Europe and are continuing emphasis on profitable revenue growth, we are moderating our growth assumptions for 2019. Diluted EPS, on a GAAP basis is a range of $2.05 to $2.17 while adjusted diluted EPS is the range of $2.34 to $2.46. We are projecting solid business growth from a margin improvement efforts and an incremental $0.09 from a full-year of Stahlgruber. On the negative side, lowest scrap prices and a stronger U.S. dollar reduce the year-over-year expectations by $0.07. Cash flows from operations reflect a range of $775 million to $850 million. We believe our focus on working capital management and increase profitability will drive higher cash flows in 2019. Capital spending set at a range of $250 million to $300 million, a modest increase from the current year level, though flat to slightly down on a year-over-year basis, when we normalize the expected increase or into a full-year of STAHLGRUBER CapEx and various European projects, most notably the ERP implementation. Taking the lower and the top ends of both OCF and CapEx, we expect to generate free cash flow in excess of $500 million in 2019. In summary, we remain encouraged by the strength of a market leading businesses do acknowledge that we still have further work to do related to fully realizing the benefits of our initiatives to offset the ongoing cost pressures and to continue to improve profitability. Now I'll turn the call back to Nick for his closing remarks.
Dominick Zarcone: Thank you, Varun for that financial overview. I believe that we are taking the necessary steps to position the Company for continued long-term success. Looking back on 2018, we crossed major milestones that our team of over 50,000 employees across the globe should be proud of, including achieving the highest annual topline revenue in the Company's history, up 22% over 2017, generating the highest annual cash flow figures in the Company's history. With operating cash flow and free cash flow up 37% them 36% respectively over 2017 levels. Closing the STAHLGRUBER acquisition the largest acquisition in the Company's history, completing the largest capital raise in the Company's history through notes with a in tenure maturities at attractively low fixed interest rates and amending our credit facility to provide more flexibility and better pricing. With that let me summarize a few of the key initiatives for 2019. First, we have built strong businesses with leading companies in our core geographies. Our focus will now shift towards operational excellence through the integration and simplification of our operating model. The management team will concentrate on leveraging the strengths of the business units for profitable revenue growth, margin improvement and cash conversion. Second, all of our businesses will be closely monitoring cost to drive-out duplicative expenses, heighten controls over discretionary spending and react quicker the changing market conditions. Third, we will invest in our future through long-term projects like the ERP implementation in Europe, a centralized European catalog system, and the multi-year development of a new NDC in the Netherlands. All these projects often don't produce an immediate benefit they are essential for positioning the business for future growth and profitability. Finally, the revamped compensation programs well help ensure the management incentives are in even tighter alignment with the key priorities of the Company and the expectations of our stockholders. In closing, I am proud of how our team of over 50,000 employees performed doing 2018 in the midst of various operating challenges in both North America and Europe. Our team never took their eye off the ball and continued to work tirelessly to create and evolve what we all believe is a unique company. Our extensive distribution networks the breadth and depth of our inventory and our industry-leading fulfillment rates position as well to deliver consistent profitable growth and drive higher levels of operating efficiencies across all segments. This focus on operational excellence should translate into continued long-term value for our shareholders. And with that operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Dan.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to start on the European business and kind of the outlook for expenses. One clarifier and then a question. Varun, did I hear you right, where there any one-time expenses that drove that deleverage or was it just the lower sales growth of the business that drove the year-over-year decline?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. So if you look at the European margins, Daniel, it was specifically the revenue softness, which caused a loss of operating leverage on that. There weren't any specific one-time is there were, some of the smaller ones, not that material. But that was really associated with some management departures that had been undertaken. But other than that nothing that would come to mind beyond that.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Stephanie Benjamin of SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin: Hi. Thanks for the question. Good morning. My question really just goes with expectations and I know reiterated the expectations in Europe to continue to really see that margin improvement in double-digit EBITDA growth in reiteration of that. I'm just wondering, as I look to the guidance for 2019, I think expectations are for a softer topline growth kind of similar to the fourth quarter. So I'm just kind of wanting to hear the puts and takes for you to - for your expectations for margin improvement in Europe in 2019, so you don't see kind of that continued operating deleverage we saw in fourth quarter. So just kind of wanting to hear the offsets of there would be great. Thanks.
Varun Laroyia: Yes. Absolutely, Stephanie. Good morning. It’s Varun Laroyia. Great question. I think, if you kind of look back into 2018 with regards to our European segment. Going back to Q1, you'll recall we had some challenges in the UK operations with our Tamworth facility. Coming out of that, obviously there was a capitalized cost to recover that central distribution center and then they're on, there was also some price discounting that was taking place. So that was kind of one piece that we don't really expect to continue into the future as we think about 2019. The other piece is, as you think about the broader European landscape. Italy, we know has been soft. And clearly there was a deleverage that ended up taking place out there. And then obviously, some other elements, we get the full-year benefit of some of the distribution centers that we had shutdown in anticipation of Tamworth coming through, and the same thing with Andrew Page also. So, as you think of some of those kinds of puts and takes, clearly there are certain elements that impacted our 2018 operational results in the European landscape. And as we think about 2019, we do believe that those elements would have stabilized and despite the lower economic activity expected across the European segment, we believe that with the active cost containment programs that are in place, we do believe that we will get better operating leverage from that segment.
Dominick Zarcone: Stephanie, this is Nick. As we go through the planning process each year and a very detailed budgeting process, clearly the expectations for every one of our businesses around the globe is not only to generate good organic growth, but also to improve their margins. And that is true in Europe. It's true actually in the North American and Specialty businesses as well. And I think you will find the underpinning really of the consensus that Varun walked through is an assumption and some pretty detailed plans by our operating businesses to improve margins across the board with one exception and that's the self-serve business here in the United States, which has to deal with scrap prices, and there's only so much they can do to offset the negative impact from scrap as it relates to our operating margins. But again, it's important to understand that the expectation internally is that all of our businesses on an annual basis have plans to find positive operating leverage in their business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Varun Laroyia: Hey. Good morning, Bret.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Varun, can you give us an update on where we are from a working capital standpoint or your thoughts on leveraging working capital maybe what you could do with payables in Europe or the U.S.?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, absolutely. I think, if I take your question Bret in terms of what's driving – what drove free cash flow higher in 2018 and as to what gives us the confidence going into 2019 for the free cash flow guidance, two key pieces, really to think through. One, 2018 to 2019 that clearly is the higher profitability from the focus on pursuing profitable revenue, the margin realization initiatives that we launched last year, and also the cost containment programs that are currently in place. So that's kind of just the starting point for free cash flow. The second point is just active working capital management. And if you think about the momentum that we saw in the third quarter, which we continued into the fourth quarter, really the focus has been on some very simple elements in the balance sheet. Within our cash flow statement, you can actually see this come through, the focus with collections. In 2017, it was a $56 million outflow and in 2018 it was basically flat. So we didn't invest, despite the fact that business grew significantly. We didn't really invest that much more in receivables because we were actually going and collecting the cash that was due to us. The second point is if you look at inventory, inventory did grow also on a year-over-year basis with the larger scale of business, but it was about $77 million lower than what it was in 2017, right. And then the final piece quite frankly is the opportunity that's still out there for us to go get. The single biggest piece, which kind of held us back I'd say is, on a year-over-year basis there was $122 million swing on accounts payable. It was a significant outflow, right. And so as you think about each of these key elements, and as to what we continue to focus on, simplistically there is further opportunity in any case. I think the final piece, which actually is a rapper across the entire working capital and free cash flow piece is the incentive compensation plans and these obviously have been aligned with the goals in 2019. We don't specifically call out the weightings of each of those elements, but I will share with you, it is not a token measure. It is a substantial chunk of people's incentive compensation to generate free cash flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Dominick Zarcone: Hey, good morning, Chris.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Hey, good morning. I wanted to ask about – with revenue growth is slowing a little bit, also recognizing that you're going through implementing a number of projects with fixed margins. Can you help frame for us OpEx growth next? What's kind of like your run rate assumption from SG&A for organically from inflation that what's the net impact of costs saving initiatives versus investments to cut costs, just how you're thinking about that next year?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. So Chris, its Varun Laroyia. With regards to cost containment efforts and also OpEx, a few things to kind of think through, firstly here in North America, a bunch of our wage inflation or the freight elements essentially get analyzed. And again, what we have seen – I've seen over the last four to five months as being not a de-acceleration or a downward trend, but basically being a flattening out of some of those expenses that are kind of coming through. So that's point number one. And clearly from the second half of the fourth quarter, we saw fuel come down, also some not enough to offset the various elements given the fact that wage pressures have kind of flown into the freight costs also. And as you think about going into 2019, the cost containment efforts specifically what headcount had, we essentially trying to make the business more resilient with the revised projections from a growth perspective, which I believe actually very pragmatic. And quite frankly, the cost structure will follow this level of pragmatism rather than building up across infrastructure, which was geared for far higher growth level as such, right. And then finally if you think about it, as Nick mentioned in his opening comments, also the overall expectation for each of our businesses is to secure a positive operating leverage. And again, with the change in the incentive compensation plans, there is margin growth both in absolute dollars, but also on a margin percentage that we expect. So again there are only so much that one can do in terms of being able to realize certain margin benefits. But clearly the cost containment and the OpEx productivity is a key lever and being able to deliver higher year-over-year margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On a new compensation plan, what are the thresholds for your key performance indicators that you would need to reach in order to generate the incentive?
Dominick Zarcone: Yes. Craig, we don't disclose the absolute thresholds, but you can be assured that they are tied exactly into the 2019 budget, which is tied exactly into the guidance step Varun gave just a bit ago.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Butler from Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Could you provide a little bit more color maybe on the parts and service business down at the geographic level in Europe and U.S. kind of thoughts on how we should think about growth rates and margins – EBITDA margins for each part of that?
Varun Laroyia: Sure. We don't officially provide guidance on a segment basis, but again 2% to 4% overall, I think you could probably assume that North America, we think North America on an annual basis will be somewhere in the middle of that range. We think Europe is going to be towards the lower end and specialty towards the upper end. So we're really spread across the three businesses. I think it's also important to recognize that this will vary as we roll through the four quarters of the year. It's not a nice – set of growth in Q1 and Q2 2018 had monster comps that were working against, if you recall that the organic growth in North America in Q1 2018 was in around the 7% range. So that is creating a pretty big hurdle. If you will there are a couple things that we anticipate in Q1 that will run against organic growth first, we annualize the battery contract with FCA just to refresh everyone's memory that added about 1% to our organic growth as to what we reported in 2018. So that positive increment will come off the boards if you will. It is also become a parent that as FCA was ramping their activities with us, that there was some kind of one-time benefits if you will that we got in getting the program up and running and that will not return in 2019. We're really at a steady state now with the FCA battery shipments. And so we're anticipating batteries were actually be down year-over-year in the first quarter. Also AeroVision clearly not meeting our expectations that's the business where we took the impairment charge here in Q4, our expectation is the businesses underperforming and it will also be down in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis. From a margin perspective, again, we're anticipating upticks and margins in each of our businesses with North America being muted a little bit by the significant downdraft on the scrap prices, which has noted in the deck hit us for the better part of $0.04 a share so for the year. And that will be a particularly pronounced kind of in the first quarter, I'm assuming scrap prices hang in where they are today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is open.
Dominick Zarcone: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Varun Laroyia: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So on free cash flow conversion guidance in 2019 applies a little bit of improvement, about 70% my math is right? But I'm wondering what is your long-term target and then more importantly how long it going to take to get there?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, Ryan. So I think as we kind of spoke last May at an Investor conference, I kind of laid out a chart for our investors and obviously a number of view from a sell side perspective also just in terms of the way the business had been trending. And really what I use is I try and keep it as simple as possible and take out all the noise and rate specifically focused on three key elements of working capital. So receivables plus the inventory offset by accounts payable and there's a slide in the deck that you'll see really, which I cannot highlight with regards to where we went 17 versus the kind of progress you've made in 2018. In 2018 the denominator is actually trailing 12 months performer revenue, which includes a full-year of the transactions, namely Stahlgruber. So we don't taking reported numbers, we actually taking performer numbers so you can kind of work the count and actually works against us. But that's where the focus has been. And quite frankly, I think, with the incentive compensation, peaceful, so being tied into free cash flow generation. I am quietly confident that our businesses will continue to deliver. Again, step back and look at the history of the Company, which has been very growth oriented and at this stage of our maturity curve as a company, north of $12 billion is what we kind of forecasting for total revenues in 2019. There are elements that if not growth at all costs and so just management of that piece. But there's an embedded culture and as you know culture is take time before they kind of change. So again, we put out guidance, which I think is above where the market was expecting us to be. But again, we have plans in place to be able to go deliver on it. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of what's going for 2020, 2021, 2022. I'd say its one step at a time and I'm really happy to report to successive quarters of improvement on that side. We've clearly put our money where our mouth is with regards to 2019 also in raising overall free cash flow guidance and one step at a time, but I'm confident in terms of the plans we've put in place and as to how those are currently tracking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Thanks [indiscernible], hop back in the queue for a follow-up guys. Last quarter, Varun you updated us on your attention to unlock cash flow through increased factoring in the European business specifically at Stahlgruber. Can you provide some more color on that market or an update? And can you remind us on how you guys think about the longer-term opportunity from increasing your factoring in that market?
Varun Laroyia: Yes. So Daniel I think you kind of referring to the unwind of the factoring program that we had through one of STAHLGRUBER subsidiaries. So it wasn't a case of starting up a factoring program. It was actually unwind off a factoring program, which would result in those receivables coming back to us. So that's what it was. We don't really have an active factoring program we don't want to go down that path. It really where the opportunity is as we've talked about from a European perspective, a number of the same supplier community does provide product into the North American folks out here. So again, they are well tuned in terms of what the expectations are and we do have a tremendous opportunity from a European perspective to be able to unlock that piece, whether it'd be through a vendor financing program or through an extension of peoples, the end goal is the same to be able to have our payables essentially match the days inventory on hand to a point right. And that's how the conversion would work and then obviously active management on idea so with regards to receivables. So you are right about the fact that there is an opportunity for our European business. And again it has been contemplated in the plans we've put together with that business and it also reflects the targets that are being tossed with for 2019. But again just to confirm, there was no startup off the factoring program. It was actually unwind of the factoring program for one of the STAHLGRUBER subsidiaries in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe. Your line is open.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the second question. Just a question North America, so now you guys are getting a lot tougher on discounting and trying to contain the pricing, what are the CI’s you're thinking about the Caliber and Abra merger? How do you guys manage through that and kind of to what extent you've articulated something that your guidance from this will be helpful? Thank you.
Dominick Zarcone: A great question, obviously both Caliber and Abra are excellent organizations. They've been incredibly good customers of ours for years and years. No surprise. There are a couple of our largest customers, just due to the total number of shops that they operate. On a combined basis, they're going to be at about 1,050 shops across the country, if you will. And they've got posted plans to grow that to north of 1500 shops I think over the next three years or so. We've got a great relationship with both organizations, and we look forward to being a great partner with them as they continued to move forward in their business plans. Again we believe that we provide an excellent level of service to these organizations. That's why they are big customers of ours. We can get them the parts they need, when they need them. There's no doubt about it. They already get our largest discounts, if you will, because they're already, amongst our top three or four customers. So we don't anticipate any major changes there. To the extent that they have market overlap because you got to remember this is a very much a local business. And what happens to go on, say in Dallas, doesn't have anything to do with goes on, and say up in Boston or in Portland, Oregon, right? It's a local business. And to the extent in any given market, local market, they have overlap where we can find ways to be more efficient in servicing the combined organization. We're absolutely going to have discussions with them to see how we can make their business better and our business better. So again we have tremendous relationships at the very senior levels of both organizations. We're not anticipating any major shifts in our business as a result of the merger. 
Operator: I now turn the call back over to Nick Zarcone.
Dominick Zarcone: So that completes our 2018 full-year earnings call. We absolutely appreciate the time and attention you've given us here this morning. We look forward to chatting with everyone in about 60 days at the end of April when we announced our first quarter results. So again, we think we ended the year, a strong some real progress on a couple of key factors, particularly, the working capital on the cash flow, which is Varun indicated will carry us into the future. And we're look forward to chatting with you again in 60 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp. Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Dan Drawbaugh - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the LKQ's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I now turn the call over to your host, Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for the call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. This includes statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We certainly appreciate your time and attention at this early hour. We are pleased to share both the results of our most recent quarter and the progress made on the various initiatives we have implemented since our previous call. I will provide some high-level comments, and then Varun will dig into the segments and related financial details before I come back to discuss our updated 2018 guidance and make a few closing remarks. Taken as a whole, we had a very solid third quarter, and today's discussion will focus on four key things: our continued pursuit of highly profitable revenue growth, solid progress on our margin improvement plans, excellent cash conversion, and adding a tool to optimize our capital allocation strategy. In reviewing our results, you will know we had excellent organic growth in global parts and services revenue and that our margins in Europe and Specialty improved compared to the third quarter of last year. While North American gross margins on a reported basis were down a bit on a year-over-year basis, they were up when removing the self-service business, which took the brunt of the negative impact of falling metals pricing during the quarter. Varun will cover this specific segment margin details shortly. Solid profits and effective working capital management led to one of the highest levels of quarterly operating cash flow in the 20-year history of the company. And with respect to capital allocation, as hopefully you all read from our press release issued this morning, I am pleased to announce that our board of directors has authorized a $500 million stock repurchase program. As we stated in the release, our main priorities are to continue to both invest in the growth of our global business and de-lever the balance sheet. That said, our strong capital position and healthy cash flows afford us the opportunity to continue investing in our strategic growth drivers while simultaneously utilizing our share repurchase program to maintain a balanced capital allocation strategy. Now on to the quarter. As noted on slide 4, consolidated revenue for the quarter was a record-high $3.12 billion, reflecting a 26.6% increase, as compared to the $2.47 billion recorded in the third quarter of 2017. For the third quarter of 2018, parts and services total revenue growth was approximately 27% with organic growth of more than 4% and acquisition-related growth of approximately 23%. As mentioned over the past several quarters, very few companies in our sector are generating organic growth anywhere close to this level. Net income attributable to LKQ stockholders for the third quarter of 2018 was $134 million, up 9.6% year-over-year. On an adjusted basis, net income attributable to LKQ stockholders was $177 million, an increase of 26.9% as compared to the $140 million for the same period of 2017. Diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders for the third quarter of 2018 was $0.42, as compared to $0.39 for the same period of last year, an increase of 7.7%. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders was a record third quarter high of $0.56 a share, a 24.4% increase, as compared to the $0.45 recorded for the same period of 2017. Let's turn to some of the segment highlights. As you will note from slide 6, total parts and services revenue growth for our North American segment grew 5.5% in the third quarter of 2018 compared to the comparable quarter of last year, with organic revenue growth for parts and services during the quarter of 5.2%, which was in line with our expectations. As noted the past few quarters, the new battery distribution agreement with FCA contributed about 150 basis points to the organic growth, so it comes with a lower margin structure as we essentially just get a service fee. All said, we continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC Information Services, collision and liability-related auto claims on a national basis were up only 0.3% in the third quarter of 2018 compared to last year and up only 0.4% on a year-to-date basis. As was the case in the first half of the year, there continues to be meaningful variances in growth rates across the geographic regions of North America, with key markets such as New York, California, Pennsylvania, Florida and Michigan each down low to mid-single digits. We believe the significant outperformance in our growth relative to the CCC data for repairable claims is due to the continued increase in the number of vehicles in our collision sweet spot, that being model years 3 to 10 years old, and continued market share gains. Also, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q3 was achieved while miles driven in the United States were up just 1.2% on a national basis in August. Although like the claims data, there were significant regional differences. The organic growth for aftermarket parts continued to outpace that of salvage parts, as the repair shops continue to focus on improving cycle times given the increased volume of work they were processing. Importantly, we continue to see increases in our total aftermarket collision SKU offerings, as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 5.7% and 11.2%, respectively, in Q3. Our North American team made solid progress with their recovery efforts despite facing the ongoing cost pressures primarily from wage, fuel and freight inflation. These efforts include being disciplined in terms of pricing and discounts and driving continued improvements with our telematics and road map platforms. These are just a sample of the initiatives in play. We believe there are more margin improvement opportunities, and we are not done. I'm very proud of our North American team and how diligently and aggressively they are working to offset these inflationary pressures, which we anticipate will be with us for the foreseeable future. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 53.7%, primarily driven by the acquisition of STAHLGRUBER. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 2%, reflecting a pullback from the second quarter levels. While we fully anticipated organic revenue growth in Europe to decline from the very robust Q2 levels, our performance in the third quarter was a bit below our expectations. The slightly lower organic growth is reflective of several factors. First, there was soft economic growth in a few markets experiencing some level of political instability, including Italy, which elected a new government earlier this year and is dealing with major budgetary issues; and the UK, which continues to muddle through the Brexit saga. Second, there was unseasonably warm weather throughout most of Europe during the quarter. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we did not submit to price-cutting practices from our competitors and stayed very focused on our efforts to maintain our margins through profitable and balanced revenue growth. That said, there were several positive longer-term developments during the quarter. For example, in the UK, our depth of inventory, national footprint and service levels owing to the T2 investment have enabled us to continue winning national account business, evidenced by several recent wins with the likes of Halfords Autocentres, The CarShop, Formula One and the British Telecom Fleet. The new contracts will have little impact on our 2018 results, and the primary benefits are expected next year. With respect to Andrew Page, on August 31, we finalized the sale of the Andrew Page branches the antitrust authorities required us to divest. We continue to integrate and rationalize the remaining 77 branches, and I am happy to report that the entire Andrew Page branch network is now being replenished out of the T2 distribution facility. Additionally, Andrew Page's former national distribution center was vacated and returned to the landlord in July on schedule. The recently acquired STAHLGRUBER acquisition is performing consistent with our expectations, and we are very pleased to have it as part of LKQ Europe. Finally, during the third quarter, we opened a total of seven new branches in Eastern Europe. Now let's move on to our Specialty segment. During Q3, Specialty reported total revenue growth of 18%, including organic revenue growth for parts and services of 8% and acquisition growth of more than 10%. The higher-than-anticipated organic growth is a result of increased RV parts demand, positive U.S. economic conditions, including low employment, strong consumer spending, and the continued favorable trend in light truck and SUV sales. Additionally, as you may recall from our May 31 Investor Day, Bill Rogers, the President of our Specialty segment, outlined some of the key initiatives and strategy for his team, which included increasing customer penetration and expanding our exclusive brands offering. During the quarter, the Specialty team delivered on its promise by entering into exclusive distribution agreements with Yakima Products for automotive and RV market distribution of their racking products, and GRID Off-Road, a leading designer and manufacturer of specialty off-road wheels and accessories. These agreements are a testament to the power of our Specialty distribution and logistics network, the depth of our customer base, and the effectiveness of our industry leading marketing programs, which combined allow partners such as Yakima and GRID to focus on what they do best: design, innovation and manufacturing. Lastly on Specialty, I'm pleased to announce that during the quarter, we opened up our new 450,000-square-foot distribution center in Eastvale, California. This warehouse further demonstrates our commitment to continuously enhance the superior service experience for our customers, support the operating efficiencies of our suppliers, and create a higher level of safety measures for our team. Moving on to corporate development. In addition to finalizing the divestiture of the Andrew Page branches, during the third quarter, we acquired three wholesale businesses in Europe for a total net consideration of approximately $79 million. We continue to work on both the integration of STAHLGRUBER and the benefits of scale across our entire European footprint. Lastly, on August 6, the company announced the appointment of Meg Divitto, John Mendel and Jody Miller to our board of directors. As our Chairman Joe Holston stated in the announcement, these three new directors complement and enhance our board with skills and experiences in such areas as automotive technology, government affairs and finance. We are quite confident they will provide valuable perspectives as we continue to execute our strategy. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun, who will run through the details of the segment results.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I will take you through our consolidated and segment results for the quarter and cover our current liquidity position before turning it back to Nick for an update on full-year guidance. Overall, we are pleased with the results of the third quarter, especially as each segment delivered some positive notes. North America generated solid organic revenue growth and narrowed the year-over-year gap in segment EBITDA margin relative to the past few quarters. Europe delivered a 50-basis-point year-over-year and a 20-basis-point sequential improvement in segment EBITDA margins. And Specialty had excellent revenue growth along with a 40-basis-point year-over-year expansion in segment EBITDA margins. I'll cover these results and the underlying causes in greater detail in a few minutes, though needless to say that while we continue to make positive progress in each of our businesses, we also acknowledge that we still have further work to do related to our initiatives to offset the ongoing cost pressures and improve profitability. Regarding year-over-year comparability, we completed the STAHLGRUBER acquisition in May 2018, so the third quarter represents our first full quarter with the STAHLGRUBER operation. I will highlight the impact of STAHLGRUBER on the variances as relevant. As noted on slide 13 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was down 50 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.3% due primarily to a 20-basis-point reduction in the North America segment and a negative mix impact related to Europe off a further 20 basis points. With our STAHLGRUBER acquisition, the lower gross margin European segment makes up for a larger percentage of the consolidated result and has a dilutive effect on the consolidated margin. Segment EBITDA totaled $326 million for the third quarter, reflecting a $59 million or a 22% increase over the comparable quarter of 2017. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was down 30 basis points to 10.5% versus the prior year. Our operating expenses were flat year-over-year with increases in freight and vehicle expenses offset by leverage in personnel costs and a favorable mix effect from the STAHLGRUBER acquisition. During the third quarter, restructuring and acquisition-related costs increased by $2 million compared to the prior year, and depreciation and amortization expense grew by $20 million largely due to the STAHLGRUBER transaction. With that, operating income for the third quarter of 2018 increased by about $35 million or roughly 18% when compared to the same period in 2017. Interest expense was up $16 million or 62% year-over-year due to higher average debt balances and slightly higher interest rates primarily related to the STAHLGRUBER financing. Pre-tax income during the third quarter of 2018 was $201 million, up $23 million or up 13% compared to the prior year. Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 22.9% for the quarter. We updated our estimate of the annual effective tax rate during the third quarter to 27.2%, up 20 basis points from our previous estimate in the second quarter. The higher rate is driven mostly by a change in the geographic distribution of earnings. We had various discrete items in the quarter, including a favorable adjustment for a $10 million true-up to reduce our provisional estimate of the transition tax related to repatriating cumulative foreign earnings. We have excluded this favorable discrete item in our calculation of adjusted EPS. In the equity earnings line, which is where we report our share of the results of Mekonomen, we recorded a $20 million loss in the quarter. This loss is attributable to a $23 million noncash impairment charge on our Mekonomen investment, which I noted as a possibility during the second quarter earnings call. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the third quarter was $0.42, up $0.03 relative to the comparable quarter a year ago. Adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, acquisition and divestiture-related gains and losses, impairment charges, adjustments to the provisional demands related to the U.S. tax reform and the tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation was $0.56, reflecting a 24% improvement. Moving to the segments with North America on slide 16, you will note that gross margins during the third quarter were 43.2%, down 40 basis points over the 43.6% reported a year ago. Our self-service operation's growth is 60 basis points decline, primarily resulting from lower revenue per car due to declining scrap steel prices. Without the self-service impact into lower scrap prices, gross margin in North America was up on a year-over-year basis. Additionally, our gross margin in the wholesale North America operations contributed a 40-basis-point improvement relative to the third quarter of 2017, owing to active margin management and pricing refinements. I'm very encouraged that our wholesale North America operations reported sequential improvement in gross margin percentage of 70 basis points. This result is the continuation of efforts that the North America management team initiated during the second quarter. I'm also encouraged that we were able to generate sequential gross margin improvement while producing solid organic revenue growth. As Nick mentioned, we will continue to pursue profitable revenue growth, which may in the short term put pressure on sales volumes. Make no mistake, this will require discipline to stick to the objective. Apart from the potential for some short-term disruption, we do believe that our customers will recognize the advantages of partnering with LKQ, namely our broad product offering, strong customer service and nationwide distribution capabilities will certainly swing things in our favor. Shifting to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, we saw an increase of 50 basis points compared to last year and 140 basis points sequentially, which we traditionally see going from the second quarter to the third quarter due to seasonal revenue patterns. Consistent with the first half of the year, we're still facing headwinds related to freight, vehicle and fuel costs like many other distributors, and these costs drove a 50-basis-point increase over the prior year. We're actively working to address these headwinds as well as wage inflation and rising benefit costs to the pricing initiatives that I previously noted and cost controls throughout the organization. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the third quarter of 2018 was $154 million, up 1% compared to the prior year, and as a percentage of revenue down 70 basis points from the prior-year quarter. Looking at slide 18, scrap prices were up 4% over the comparable quarter from a year ago but down relative to Q2 of 2018 by 16%. As we previously mentioned, the impact from scrap reflects the sequential movement in pricing as car costs will generally follow scrap prices higher or lower over time. The downward trend in Q3 had a negative effect of approximately $7 million on segment EBITDA or a little under $0.02 on adjusted diluted EPS. Without the negative impact from scrap prices, our segment EBITDA margin for North America would have been roughly flat to the third quarter of 2017. Sequential EBITDA margin is down 90 basis points for North America, which reflects a seasonal pattern in the business. You may recall in 2017, the prior year, the segment EBITDA percentage dropped by 150 basis points from the second quarter to the third quarter. So while we are narrowing the year-over-year gap in margin and continue to make progress on the initiatives launched earlier in the year, we've clearly got further room for improvement and the team continues to push hard. Moving on to our European segment on slide 19. Gross margin in Europe was 36.6% in Q3, a 20-basis-point increase over the comparable period of 2017. In addition, our Sator business in the Benelux region continued to show margin expansion, contributing a 40-basis-point improvement to the segment, with specific strength in private label sales and the ongoing move from a three-step to a two-step model in that market. Our centralized procurement yielded a 30-basis-point improvement from supplier rebate programs and STAHLGRUBER had a 30-basis-point favorable impact on gross margin percentage as well. As we've discussed in prior quarters, our UK operations were working through incremental costs associated with T2 in the third quarter, and these costs are mostly past us as we got into the fourth quarter. The T2 costs combined with higher inventory write-offs drove a 40-basis-point reduction in gross margin. And the Central and Eastern European mix cost us a further 30 basis points. With respect to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, we experienced a 40-basis-point decrease on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter from a year ago. This improvement was primarily attributable to lower personnel costs in the UK and a favorable mix impact from STAHLGRUBER. STAHLGRUBER's results were consistent with the previously disclosed projected impact for the remainder of the year. European segment EBITDA totaled $129 million, a 63% increase over the prior year. As shown on slide 21, relative to the third quarter of 2017, the pound sterling and the euro both weakened by approximately 100 basis points against the U.S. dollar. So, there was a not very material effect from the translation in the third quarter Segment EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 8.8% for the third quarter of 2018, up 50 basis points from the same period a year ago. We are pleased with the year-over-year and sequential growth in margins, and the team remains committed to the previously stated objective to deliver double-digit segment EBITDA margins by the end of the three-year period that started in January 2018. Related to Europe, I'd also like to discuss our equity interest in Mekonomen, a leading car parts and service chain in the Nordic region. We noted on the Q2 call that Mekonomen's share price had declined since we acquired our shares in 2016, which could necessitate an impairment charge if the share price didn't show sufficient improvement. Well, this was indeed the case, and in the third quarter, we recorded a $23 million noncash impairment charge. Further on Mekonomen, in connection with its previously announced acquisition in Denmark and Poland, we elected to participate in a rights offering for additional Mekonomen shares. Earlier this month, we repurchased approximately 5.4 million additional shares for roughly $48 million to maintain our 26.5% ownership interest in the company. We continue to believe Mekonomen is a strong, well-run business, and we are very optimistic about its prospects going forward. Please do note that both the Mekonomen impairment and a non-operating gain related to the rights offering have been excluded from our calculation of adjusted diluted EPS. Turning to our Specialty segment on slide 22, the business continues to deliver solid results. The One (00:29:31) business is performing well and, as previously disclosed, has a higher margin profile than the base Specialty segment. One (00:29:38) contributed 70 basis points to the growth in the gross margin percentage. The base Specialty business, i.e., without One, (00:29:47) generated an 8% organic revenue growth rate in the quarter, which was a nice rebound from the lower rate that we experienced in the first half. And we are encouraged that they were able to do so while maintaining gross margin expansion. The increase was partially offset by higher inventory write-offs representing 50 basis points related to damage and defective parts identified during warehouse expansion projects. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in Specialty were 30 basis points higher relative to the prior year, and the primary variances related essentially to similar stories what you'd heard before higher vehicle and fuel expenses. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $43 million, up 22% from the third quarter of 2017, and as a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was up 40 basis points to 11%. Let's move on to capital allocation and the balance sheet. As presented on slide 24, you will note that our cash flow from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2018 was $521 million, which is about $72 million or 16% percent higher than through the comparable period a year ago. As Nick mentioned earlier, operating cash flows for the quarter were strong at $192 million due to solid profitability, improved receivables collections and moderate inventory growth. We've adjusted our full-year guidance for operating cash flows from operations to $610 million to $660 million. You may be asking why we would take our cash flow from operations guidance down by $50 million after such a good quarter for cash flow conversion. Well, first, we are lowering our earnings guidance by approximately $20 million that will translate into lower cash flows. Second, we made a decision to unwind a large receivables factoring program in our STAHLGRUBER business, as we had a significantly more cost-effective financing available than this legacy arrangement. However, unwinding the program will slow receivables collections in the quarter, and we expect an outflow for these STAHLGRUBER receivables in the fourth quarter, which should not reoccur in future periods. Other than these two factors, we expect to continue on pace with our prior guidance. As always, we will continue to be nimble in reacting to changing market conditions. For example, while we currently have not incorporated any Brexit-associated impact, there is a chance we will need to begin to increase our inventories in the UK during the fourth quarter to protect our business from potential supply chain disruptions resulting from a lack of a robust trade agreement between the UK and the EU. As I previously mentioned, cash conversion is a key area of opportunity and focus for us, so let me give you a little insight on what we've been doing to improve cash flow conversion. First, working capital management has become a prominent component of our monthly business reviews with segment management. We covered trends in key statistics such as past due receivable, inventory turns and days payables outstanding, and we actively discuss the action items that our field management is taking to improve these metrics. Second, we are going to hold ourselves accountable for managing working capital by including free cash flow and other working capital measures in the performance targets for our 2019 incentive programs. While I am confident that we have the team's attention on working capital today, adding the compensation element will heighten that focus. And also while I appreciate that organizational change does not happen overnight, we've been laying the groundwork in the background, and I'm confident that we are setting the business for a strong year of free cash flow generation in 2019. Moving on to CapEx, CapEx for the quarter was $56 million and $172 million for the year-to-date period. In our guidance, we have decreased our capital spending plan a bit to a range of $240 million to $260 million. In the third quarter, we continue to make progress on our outstanding debt by paying down a further $74 million, which we funded from cash flows from operations. In the first nine months of the current year, we've now paid down $199 million on our credit facility borrowings. Moving on to slide 25, as of September 30, we had approximately $4.4 billion of total debt outstanding and $341 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $4.1 billion or 3 times last 12 months' EBITDA, down from 3.1 times as of the end of the second quarter. On slide 26, we've added the key return metrics that we track, though please note that we are excluding the impact of STAHLGRUBER in the calculations to eliminate the short-term movement caused by large investments. We will add STAHLGRUBER into the calculations once we've annualized the transaction. And then, finally, on the stock repurchase program that Nick mentioned earlier, we believe we can finance the repurchases primarily through free cash flow generation with a measured approach towards future acquisitions, and our ongoing efforts to improve profitability and working capital management, we expect to generate sufficient cash flows to invest in the growth of the business, manage our leverage and return excess capital to our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back to Nick to cover the updated revenue and earnings guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Varun, for that detailed overview. Considering the results achieved in the third quarter and a detailed review by our operating units with respect to their projected fourth quarter results, we have adjusted our annual guidance on a few of the key financial metrics. With our continued focus on highly profitable revenue, we anticipate our global organic revenue growth from parts and services will likely come down a bit in the fourth quarter. Accordingly, given we are sitting at 5.1% through September, we have tightened the top end of the full-year guidance by 50 basis points and now have a full range of 4.5% to 5% for organic revenue growth. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we have moved the range to $2.19 on the low end to $2.25 on the high end with a midpoint of $2.22 a share. This reflects both the $0.56 reported for the third quarter and the revised field forecast for the fourth quarter, which historically has always been the softest quarter of the year, reflecting the natural seasonality of our businesses. Importantly, the impact of lower FX rates and metals prices collectively account for approximately $0.04 of the reduction relative to our prior guidance. Those EPS adjustments yield a range for adjusted net income of $690 million to $710 million. As Varun mentioned, we have revised the guidance for cash flow from operations to $610 million to $660 million, largely reflecting the change in earnings and the onetime increase in receivables related to the termination of a special factoring program at STAHLGRUBER. We believe the effective tax rate will be approximately 27.2%, and the guidance assumes current levels as it relates to FX rates and no further deterioration in scrap metals pricing. In closing, I am very proud of the hard work and dedication of our more than 49,000 employees as they have delivered for the company, our stockholders and, most importantly, our customers during the quarter. I am equally proud of our team's efforts to effectively address the headwinds encountered this year. We have made further progress, and while we are not done, I am confident in our team's ability to effectively implement their respective plans. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Varun, I wanted to ask about the STAHLGRUBER factoring program that you ended. I think a lot of shareholders are interested in these factoring programs as a way to promote better capital efficiency. So, clearly, you've explored that but concluded that you have a more cost-effective way of pursuing it. Shed a little more light on that because I think a lot of shareholders would like to see more factoring, not less, but I'm sure you've looked at it and would love some detail.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes, absolutely, Craig, and listen, good morning and thank you for calling in this early in the day. I know it's a busy day for all of you, and so really, really appreciate joining our call this morning. Yeah, so with regards to factoring programs in general, we have been working in the background. And while we're not ready to disclose anything at this point of time, we do believe there is a certain level of benefit that could accrue from a balance sheet management perspective. With regards to the STAHLGRUBER program more specifically, it's essentially a case of the cost of funding that they've been paying for their factoring program versus what we can provide on an ongoing basis. But part of it involves us essentially terminating that program, which will take place in the current quarter, i.e. the fourth quarter, and then we will replace it with an alternative program in any case. But partially, the factor that we will trip (00:40:55) into the receivables collection in the current quarter, which will lead to a slower collection effort in the current quarter. So, again back to the program itself, we believe there are certain benefits, but not at the levels of funding that STAHLGRUBER was paying. We believe there are synergies associated with the lower cost of capital that we will be deploying.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, Nick, Varun, for the questions. Around just (00:41:35) the $0.02 to $0.04 when you think about it operationally because like, fair enough, $0.04 is FX and scrap, help us understand what you control to be able to get that back in the future and between discounts, pricing, like are you seeing any OE (00:41:53) pricing? Can you help us with the plans that help get that back in the future?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Michael, and thanks for the question. So the adjustment to the guidance, $0.07 in total, if you will, $0.04 of that is basically scrap. You saw $0.02 of it hit in the third quarter, the next $0.02 will hit in the fourth quarter. Scrap has fallen from almost $200 a ton at the end of last quarter. Today, it's sitting in the high $150s, if you will, so even well below the third quarter average. So there's very little we can do to offset the impact of scrap metal pricing. The other $0.03 is a combination of things. Some of it has to do with the fact that we are focusing on high margin revenue growth. Every dollar of revenue is not worth the same. And the reality is in an effort to improve our margins, we're more than happy to let some of that incremental revenue go by the wayside if it's at low margins, if you will. Some of it has to do with rising benefit cost. We had a significant uptick in our healthcare expense in the third quarter in North America, if you will. We think that's going to leak into the fourth quarter as well. And then we took some legal reserves and expenses. The focus is and the key, I think, is in the third quarter, as both Varun and I mentioned, gross margins in North America. If you take out the impact of the self-serve business, which is where most of the impact of scrap is, gross margins were up. So we are making progress and climbing back on some of those inflationary operating expenses that have been a cause of concern earlier in the year. So we are making good progress. We think in the fourth quarter, actually, we're going to continue to make progress and the EBITDA margin gap on a year-over-year basis is going to shrink further, if you will. So the programs we have in place, we think, are working. It's just it's going to take a little time.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Michael, just one more piece to kind of reiterate what Nick mentioned in case that was kind of lost on everyone calling in. The previous guidance that we gave at the end of July, which had a midpoint of $2.29, that did not include any FX or, for that matter, scrap declines. That's what we've always done and that's how we've always given guidance. And so really if you kind of think of the $2.29 midpoint to call it the now $2.22 midpoint or the $0.07 drop, $0.04 of that $0.07 is essentially related to scrap, $0.02 of which was realized in the third quarter, and based on what we're seeing scrap prices currently, in the current quarter a further $0.02. So that's how you should be thinking about. And then, again, the remaining $0.03 essentially is exactly how Nick mentioned, we're focusing on margin accretive profitable business coming through and so we will keep focusing on that and margin management and pricing refinements to offset the operational macroeconomic headwinds that are buffeting our industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: This is actually Daniel (00:45:29) on for Ben, but thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to start actually on CapEx. As you guys work through improving margins in the coming years, Nick, I think you mentioned a few times that large-scale M&A probably slows down from here. What's the CapEx trajectory would look like from here? Should there be a continued ramp in CapEx in the coming years? Know (00:45:48) this year was more of a catch-up, but just wondering what that outlook looks like?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So we obviously brought down our CapEx estimate for the year as a whole, and some of that has to do with where we are this year and what people around the globe have spent, if you will. Again, this was a pretty big uptick in capital in 2018 relative to the past years. Next year, obviously, we're going to have STAHLGRUBER in the mix for the entire year, so that will be an incremental amount. But if you think about the non-STAHLGRUBER CapEx probably relative to 2018, probably flat to maybe down a little bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Albertine from Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the question. Appreciate it. I wanted to ask just an operating question, if I could, and then maybe a strategic question, if I could sneak one in. First on the operating side, just wanted to get your sense on – and I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks, I dialed in a little late – severity versus frequency trends and sort of how you're thinking about starting to lap sort of the beginning of the uptick in organic growth in North America and how we should think about that from a modeling perspective.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, again, we anticipate that organic growth in Q4 is going to come in a little bit from where it's been. I mentioned that in the prepared remarks largely because we are absolutely focused on making sure that each incremental revenue dollar has good margin. We do not want to chase low-margin business down the rabbit hole, because at the end of the day, that doesn't do us any good. And the easiest way to drive revenue is to drop your prices. The reality is when you have a market position like we do, which is the largest in all of our global businesses, if you will, we've got the deepest inventory, we think the best logistics and distribution system, the primary way people compete against us is through price and drop in price, and we're being very disciplined not to do that. So, I would expect and we do expect in Q4 that the organic is going to come in a little bit. Recall that last year in Q4 was the best organic growth of the year at 5%. And then going into 2019, again, we think 2019 organic is still going to be very good. Don't get me wrong, it's not going to zero or anything close, okay, but we don't think Q1 of next year is going to be another 7% quarter like it was in 2018.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And you hear that...
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Yeah, sorry.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yes.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I was just going to say just to clarify, the underlying trends from a frequency and severity perspective don't concern you in light of that. It's just that you're going to go after some higher-margin business and so forth, if I'm hearing you correctly.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: That's correct.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. And if I may, the strategic question, we noticed during the quarter, there had been a trial scheduled. I believe there was a settlement related to State Farm and a class action lawsuit. Believe this is several decades now of back and forth on litigation related not only in parts. Do you have any sort of views on that and how we should think about State Farm potentially flowing into the business?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure. Absolutely. After years of questions about State Farm where we've said no new news, there's finally been some new news. While not widely publicized, in September, State Farm reached a settlement agreement in its legal battle against the class action suit that had been going on in the courts for 20 years. The initial lawsuit related to the use of aftermarket parts in the collision repair process. And while that court case was going on over the past 20 years, State Farm largely had not used aftermarket parts in the repair of vehicles for their policyholders. This agreement needs to be finalized by the court, which we understand is going to happen in December of 2018. To our knowledge, State Farm has not made any public statement regarding its intention to reinstate the use of aftermarket parts. But once the lawsuit is out of the way, we would not be surprised if, ultimately, State Farm joins most every other auto insurer and begins to slowly reintroduce the utilization of our high-quality, cost-effective certified aftermarket parts which, by the way, come with a lifetime warranty. While we obviously can't comment as to when or to what extent State Farm may ramp up its use of aftermarket parts, we generally view this as a positive for our industry, as State Farm is the largest insurer in the United States of automobiles with about a 18% share. So, we continue to meet with State Farm on a regular basis. We meet with their leadership to discuss joint business opportunities. And we will certainly let you know during a future quarterly call if there are any material updates, but we view this as a positive.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Understood. Thank you for the – taking the questions and best of luck.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hi. Good morning, Bret.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: A question and I ask for clarification. On the STAHLGRUBER factoring comments, are you looking at a factoring program for STAHLGRUBER's collections, or I guess where people were maybe looking more at it more (00:51:50) as more of a payables program where you are extending STAHLGRUBER's payables and basically reducing inventory? And it wasn't quite clear from that first line.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, Bret, it's a yes and a yes, okay? So, clearly, in terms of the cost of funding that was being paid by STAHLGRUBER, we believe there are synergies associated with cost of funding that we will avail of that's part of our overall synergy program with STAHLGRUBER. And then with regards to the payables piece of it also, as I mentioned previously, we have activities in the works, and we will – once we're ready to inform the broader markets we sadly will, but at this point of time, we continue to operate on an as-is basis. We clearly believe there is an opportunity. But again, this needs to be carefully architected to ensure that we have all the relevant stakeholders on the same page. We enjoy good relationships with our suppliers, and we want to make sure that this is done for the mutual benefit of everybody.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Your line is open.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. Good morning, everyone. So my question is on the trajectory of North America EBITDA margins. I'm wondering how long do you think it will take to offset some of the cost pressures and start delivering rising margins again, or is the message you want to deliver to us today, Nick, that you may be in a chase for a few more quarters?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So again, as both Varun and I mentioned, if you take out the impact of the self-serve business and basically the scrap hit in the third quarter, our North American EBITDA margins were flat year-over-year. So while in the first quarter they were down substantially, the second quarter a little bit less, during the third quarter, again excluding scrap, they were flat. So we are making that positive progress, if you will. Even with scrap, our expectation is in Q4, North American margins will still be a little bit under 2017 fourth quarter levels, if you will, but again the gap will close even further. And then obviously, as we get into 2019, the year-over-year comps become a little bit easier. So we think we're getting close, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephanie Benjamin from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Stephanie.
Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on the organic growth in Europe, if maybe you could speak to the cadence maybe throughout the quarter and if these price-cutting efforts you're seeing from competitors was largely quarter-specific or kind of how we should think of it as we progressed in the fourth quarter. Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So the reality is the competitive nature over in Europe, with pricing coming really from everybody, because when you're the market leader, that's the easiest way to compete against us is with price, was pretty consistent throughout the quarter. There wasn't a huge uptick or downtick at the end of the quarter. So we are anticipating for Q4 a little bit of an uptick but not a huge uptick in inorganic growth in Europe, if you will. Again, we were at 2% which was below our expectation, below the expectations of our leadership team in Europe. They're working hard to move that up a bit. But again, we're not going to do that at the expense of margins. And we do anticipate that gross margins, EBITDA margins in Europe in the fourth quarter will again continue to nudge up a bit just like they have in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Chris.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, good morning, Chris.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just wanted to kind of dig in on Europe a little bit about the pricing environment, I saw GPC's AAG business was a little bit above where you were. Wanted to get a sense if some of these North American guys are the source of the pressure on pricing. Have you seen it elsewhere? And then, secondly, I understand the macroeconomic concerns, but covering the aftermarket retailers in the U.S. generally speaking, when economic conditions tighten, you tend to see those aftermarket growth accelerate as people forgo car sales, et cetera. Is there a reason why this wouldn't apply for your own business in Europe?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, great question. The reality is we're seeing pricing pressure, if you will, from our competitors really across the European landscape. It's not just in the UK where Alliance which is owned by GPC or Parts Authority which is owned by Uni-Select operate. It's really across the board, if you will. And part of it is, in general with the warm, really warm summer, I mean, activity was a little bit slower than typical. There's no doubt about that. And I think everybody was scrambling, if you will, to get as much revenue as they could. Again, we're assuming that Q4 is going to be a similar quarter, but we have to wait and see.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. And I'll just kind of add to what Nick mentioned, listen, there are wage pressures and fuel pressures in Europe also. We do know that fuel is kind of across the board globally, a global phenomena in terms of where oil is currently trading. In addition to that, we do have some competitors who have been on a fairly aggressive branch opening spree in certain markets. Again, as we've kind of reiterated time and time again earlier but also on the call today, we are highly, highly focused on profitable margin, margin-accretive business. A number of folks want to go down the path of margin-free, calorie-free revenue and good luck to them. We believe the macroeconomic headwinds with regards to fuel, freight, wages is not going to abate anytime soon, and so there needs to be that margin discipline continuing within our business. Given our position across every geographic segment but also every product line, we believe that the customer service, our footprint and the reliability of our service that we continue to deliver will come through to our key partners. In the UK, for example, we've seen some great key account wins come through, the BT Fleet, for example, Halfords, Formula One, among others, these are multiyear contracts. And again, it is a validation of the investments we've put into our footprint, into our advanced logistics centers and, clearly, we believe that that's what will win the day in the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Healy from Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Wanted to ask just kind of a bigger pictures question. Four or five months ago you guys had an Analyst Day and now we're starting to see some additional announcements, and I think we'd applaud those with some of the additions to the board and the meaningful step on the repurchase side. I was just hoping to kind of get your thoughts on what drove the timing for those items and especially the buyback. I mean, given the stock price, to me it seems incredibly attractive here, but just kind of a big change for you guys and I was hoping to get more color on each of those.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure, John, and thanks for participating this morning. Look, we're a 20-year-old company now and we've matured a lot. We've got the better part of $12 billion of annualized revenue. And so, we recognize that the days of 26% compounded annual revenue growth like we've had in the last 10 years that it's coming to a close. We're just too big to continue to grow at that pace. We will still be active in terms of corporate development, but we also recognize that we've just completed the largest transaction in the history of the company with STAHLGRUBER at €1.6 billion of revenue. And we need to be laser-focused on making sure that that integration is effective and efficient and we need a little time to digest things. We've got a lot of capital available. We've got great cash flow and, quite frankly, we've got the ability to invest in the growth of the business and repay some debt and have some capital available to give back to our shareholders. And in chatting with the board, it just felt like we were approaching the time to be a bit more balanced in our capital allocation strategy. Certainly with the stock at these levels, which in terms of your estimates, the analyst estimates for 2019, we're trading below 9 times EBITDA and below 11 times adjusted earnings per share. These are historically low multiples and creating an attractive opportunity to buy some shares. So when you take everything into consideration, the board just felt this was the right time and the right price level to introduce the share repurchase program, if you will. The addition of the new directors, terrific. We had one director, Paul Meister, had been with us for the better part of 17 years, roll off in May. We went through a very detailed search process. We didn't get to the right folks in time to include them in the 2018 proxy, and so they got added in August and, quite frankly, these are three absolutely terrific people. They're going to add a lot to the board. And so we were fine given their talent to expand the board from what was 10 to 12. And we're going to continue to keep our eyes open again for always to be on the search for good talent, whether that's at the management level or at the board level. So no real changes there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Van Horn from B. Riley FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Chris.
Dan Drawbaugh - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. Hi. This is Dan Drawbaugh on the line for Chris. Thanks for taking our question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Drawbaugh - B. Riley FBR, Inc.: Good morning. Just on the Specialty business, the growth in the quarter was obviously little bit of an acceleration from the first half. And I don't think we've seen that growth rate from that segment in several quarters now. And I'm just wondering if you can talk about the sustainability there. Is this the result of the shift towards light trucks flowing down to you guys, or is it more of a onetime event in the quarter?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No, we don't think it's one-time. We would expect that Q4, based on the run rate of activity coming out of Q3, that Q4 is going to be pretty strong as well. Probably not going to be 8%, but it's going to be – it should be pretty healthy. It's a combination of things. You can't put your finger on just one thing. Is it the fact that truck and SUV sales have been very high now for sustained period of time? That ultimately feeds into it, kind of the RV marketplace being very strong, again, a good portion of the revenue from Specialty goes into the RV marketplace. Some of it is just the day-to-day tackling that the team is doing, some of these new exclusive relationships that we have are helping, if you will. So it's a lot of things. I would not suggest that people should model 8% growth for Specialty in 2019 because the industry isn't growing anywhere near that capacity or near that rate. But, again, we do think it's going to be a pretty good Q4 and we're optimistic about next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember from C.L. King. Your line is open.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Hi, Scott.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: In North America, just a quick two-pronged question, maybe just talk about your ability to raise prices and being mindful of the elasticity of demand versus OEM. And with State Farm, just remind us how big the aftermarket piece is of your North American business. Thank you.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: So, Scott, let me take the first part of the question and then Nick will pick up the second part of your question regarding State Farm. So with regards to our North America business, as you would have heard in my comments earlier this morning, if we were to exclude our self-service operations, essentially, that's where the scrap price hit, our gross margins are actually up on a sequential basis and also up on a year-over-year basis. So if you think about it from that perspective, that business has been actively managing its margin expectations. We've mentioned this previously also, the macroeconomic headwinds, fuel, freight, vehicle expenses, wage inflation, we do not expect that to abate in the short term. And so really that's where we need to have a margin enhancement program that the team has been pushing incredibly hard on to offset those cost pressures. We believe we've seen the stickability of those pieces. It's certainly coming through our results. And again, as I mentioned, the team is working hard and continues to push. The unfortunate part is, because our North America business includes the self-service operations also, the headline numbers that you see on a reported basis seem to show it's actually still dropping, but quite frankly, if you were to take the scrappy side effect, that business has actually been delivering against the initiatives that we put in place earlier this year.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And as it relates to the second part which is kind of the overall size of the aftermarket business, as we always disclose in our standard slides, there's a pie chart in there, if you take kind of 2017, 2018, you kind of annualize STAHLGRUBER for a full year, the North American aftermarket business is somewhere around 21%, 22% of our consolidated revenues, if you will, so somewhere north of a $3.5 billion business.
Operator: At this time, I turn the call back to Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, we know we ran a little bit late here, but we wanted to make sure we had a chance to get most of the questions out on the table, so we appreciate everybody hanging in there. Again, we thank you very much for your time and attention. Again, we think this was a very good quarter for us. We saw very good revenue growth in our businesses. The European margins are up, the Specialty margins are up. Again excluding scrap, the North American margins were flat on a year-over-year basis. We do have headwinds coming at us from scrap in Q4. Again, that's $0.04 between Q3 and Q4, $0.04 of the earnings change, if you will. I'd love to be able to never talk about scrap but, unfortunately, goes up and down and we have to deal with it. The key takeaway is we are very focused on driving our margins. We're very focused on improving our cash flow. We had a great quarter in that regard in the third quarter. And again, we think the share repurchase program, it's just the right time to do that and to return a little bit of capital to our shareholders. So we appreciate your time and attention and look forward to chatting with you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp. Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Joe Boutross, LKQ Corporation's Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's slide presentation. And, with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We certainly appreciate your time and attention at this early hour as we adjusted the timing of our call. We are pleased to share both the results of our most recent quarter and the progress made on the various initiatives we've implemented since our first quarter call. I will provide some high-level comments and then Varun will dig in a bit further into the segments and related financial details before I come back to discuss our updated 2018 guidance and make a few closing remarks. Overall, we had an excellent second quarter, highlighted by exceptional revenue growth in each of our segments, progress on improving margins and a successful closing of the STAHLGRUBER acquisition. As noted on slide 4, consolidated revenue was a record $3.031 billion, reflecting a 23% increase over the $2.458 billion recorded in the second quarter of last year. This is the first time the company has crossed the $3 billion threshold in a quarter. Total revenue growth from parts and services was 22.8% during the second quarter, while organic revenue growth in parts and services on a global basis came in at a robust 7.2%. As mentioned over the past several quarters, very few companies in our sector are generating organic growth anywhere close to our level. Diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders for the second quarter of 2018 was $0.50 as compared to $0.49 for the same period of 2017, an increase of 2%. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share attributable to LKQ stockholders for the second quarter of 2018 was $0.61 a share, an increase of 15% as compared to the $0.53 for the same period of 2017. These EPS results were slightly above our expectations and due largely to the strong revenue growth and progress on the profit enhancement plans discussed last quarter. Let's turn to the operating highlights. As you'll note from slide 6, total parts and services revenue for our North American segment grew 8.3% in the second quarter of 2018 compared to the comparable quarter of last year. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment during the quarter was 7.4%, which was ahead of our expectations. We continue to perform well in North America, especially when you consider that, according to CCC Information Services, collision and liability related auto claims on a national basis were essentially flat in the second quarter of 2018 compared to last year and down sequentially from the 0.8% growth recorded in the first quarter. As was the case in Q1, there continue to be meaningful variances in growth rates across the geographic regions of North America. We believe that significant outperformance in our growth relative to the CCC data for repairable claims is due to the continued increase in the number of vehicles in our collision sweet spot, that being model years 3 to 10 years old as well as a continued market share gain. Also, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q2 was achieved, while miles driven in the United States were up only 0.8% on a nationwide basis in May, although like the claims data there were significant regional differences. The organic growth for aftermarket parts continued to outpace that of salvage parts, as the repair shops continued to focus on improving cycle times given the increased volume of work they were processing. Importantly, we continue to see increases in the total aftermarket collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 5.7% and 12.6%, respectively in the second quarter. Our North American team made solid progress with their recovery efforts related to many areas, including reducing unwarranted discounts, driving higher levels of stops and orders per vehicle per day with Roadnet, and reducing fleet maintenance cost per mile. These are just a sample of the several initiatives in play. We know there is more opportunity to be garnered and we are not done. Importantly, we have the right team in place to execute on our plan and capture these opportunities. Lastly, on North America and as many of you know, during Q1 and Q2 of 2018, three U.S. Code trade statutes were cited by the President of the United States as requiring investigation due to national security concerns and intellectual property rights violations. Today, under the enacted round 1 of Section 301, there has been little impact on LKQ from the tariffs or the subsequent Canadian countermeasures given that most of the U.S. origin product shipped to Canada are indirect or stocking transfers. With that said, if the imposition of tariffs gains further traction and leads to price inflation in our North American segment, we, like many other domestic distributors exposed to tariffs, expect to pass along these increases to our customers. That said, it'll be important to keep in mind that we will not be able to earn a profit on any increases related to cover the tariffs. So, should tariffs become a real consideration, it will appear as though gross profit and EBITDA as a percent of revenue will be a bit lower. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 44.2%. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was a very strong 8.3%, reflecting a significant snap-back from Q1 levels, and performance well ahead of our expectations. Acquisitions added an additional 28.8% to revenue growth in Europe during the second quarter of 2018, due largely to STAHLGRUBER being included in the June 2018 results, while the strengthening of the euro and sterling when compared to the second quarter of last year resulted in an FX-related revenue increase of 7.1%. All of the major operating units in Europe achieved organic growth in excess of 7% with the strong results reflecting both the reversal of the negative impact of the timing of Easter experienced in Q1, and the absence of major weather disruptions. In addition, you will recall that the UK had soft revenue growth in Q1 due in part to some of the branch replenishment issues related to bringing the T2 distribution facility online. During the last call, we mentioned that the software issues related to the automated elements of this large distribution center appeared to have been largely rectified in early April and sales were trending back to normal levels. Based on the excellent Q2 revenue growth at ECP, you can see that that was indeed the case. As you know, there were two redundant distribution facilities that were slated to close as part of the overall T2 project plan. As previously disclosed, one closed at year-end and, as expected, the other was vacated and handed back to the landlord in the second quarter. So, those costs are now fully behind us. With respect to Andrew Page, we continue to integrate and rationalize the Andrew Page branches that we were allowed to retain. And I am happy to report that the entire Andrew Page branch network is now completely being replenished out of the T2 distribution facility. Additionally, Andrew Page's national distribution center was vacated and returned to the landlord a few weeks ago, with the head office functions still to be consolidated by year-end. At this time, we are in the process of selling 11 Andrew Page branches, including the 9 required by the UK competition authorities and two additional branches that are focused on the commercial vehicle markets. We anticipate the divestiture will close shortly. During the second quarter, we opened up a total of 17 new branches in Europe, including two new locations in Western Europe and 15 new locations in Eastern Europe. Overall, it was a terrific quarter for our European operations from a revenue perspective, and we made meaningful positive progress on the margin front, which Varun will discuss in more detail. Let's move on to our Specialty segment. During the second quarter, Specialty reported total revenue growth of 13.6%, including organic revenue growth for parts and services of 4.1% and then the Warn acquisition added an additional 9 points of growth. As you may recall, Specialty was negatively impacted by the harsh March storms both on the demand side for our RV-focused products and our ability to distribute and serve certain markets. Given this dynamic, we believe that during the second quarter, there was a bit of pent-up demand that we were able to capture, further validating the sustainability and resiliency of our business model. Also, the industry leading product design and development efforts at Warn continues under LKQ's ownership. Warn recently introduced the next generation of powersport winches called AXON and VRX, products that have received tremendous positive feedback from both our customers and industry press. Moving on to corporate development matters; on May 31 of 2018, the company announced the closing of its acquisition of STAHLGRUBER. This transaction demonstrates our ongoing strategy to expand our European footprint. We believe that STAHLGRUBER's leading market position in Germany, unparalleled distribution network, unique value proposition and strong leadership team will play a pivotal role in our efforts to grow LKQ's business in Europe. As many of you know, prior to the closing of the STAHLGRUBER acquisition, the European Antitrust Commission cleared the transaction with the exception of the wholesale business of STAHLGRUBER in the Czech Republic, which was referred for review to the Czech Republic competition authority. Accordingly, the operations in the Czech Republic, which represented an immaterial portion of STAHLGRUBER's revenue and profitability, have been temporarily retained by the seller. That said, we have filed our application with the Czech Republic antitrust authorities and have responded in early July to their comments. We remain optimistic about receiving clearance to acquire the Czech-based business of STAHLGRUBER and we'll report on our progress during our Q3 call. In addition to our acquisition of STAHLGRUBER, we completed four small acquisitions of wholesale businesses in Europe, including one in the UK and three in Sweden for a total net consideration of approximately $7 million during the quarter. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun who will run through the details of the segment results.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I will take you through our consolidated segment results for the quarter and cover our current liquidity before turning it back to Nick for an update on full year guidance. Overall, we are pleased with our results for the quarter. After a disappointing start to the year, we feel we're headed back in the right direction. While there is still a ways to go to get our margins back to the desired levels, the initiatives we've put in place are showing promise with some benefits reflected in the second quarter and others primed for the rest of the year. As Nick mentioned, we closed the STAHLGRUBER transaction in late May. So, we have one month of operating results in our Q2 figures. I'll highlight the impact of STAHLGRUBER in the quarter as relevant later in my remarks. As noted on slide 13 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was down 100 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.3%. Roughly 70 basis points of the decrease is attributable to our Europe segment with the balance relating to our North America segment. Segment EBITDA totaled $342 million for the first quarter, reflecting a $36 million or a 12% increase over the comparable quarter of 2017. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was down 110 basis points to 11.3%. We saw a 30 basis points increase in our operating expenses, largely due to freight and vehicle expenses in our North America segment. And during the second quarter of 2018, we experienced a $13 million increase in restructuring and acquisition-related costs compared to the prior year and a $10 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, both largely due to the STAHLGRUBER acquisition that we closed on May 30. With that, operating income for the second quarter of 2018 increased by about $12 million or roughly 5% when compared to the same period of 2017. Non-operating items were unfavorable by about $6 million versus Q2 of 2017. The change in gains on bargain purchase and an impairment loss on Andrew Page related to the branches to be divested represent $5 million of the unfavorable variance. Other non-operating income primarily related to foreign currency losses represented the remaining variance. Interest expense was up $14 million year-over-year due to higher average balances and higher interest rates. And interest in the second quarter related to the STAHLGRUBER financing was $11 million. Pre-tax income during the second quarter of 2018 was $218 million, down $8 million or 3% compared to the prior year. Moving to income taxes, our effective tax rate was 27.9% for the quarter. We updated our estimate of the annual effective tax rate during the second quarter to 27%, up 100 basis points from our previous estimate in Q1. The higher rate is driven mostly by the effects of the STAHLGRUBER transaction, including non-deductible interest and deal costs, as well as the higher effective tax rate in Germany. For your long-term forecasting, please note that about 60 basis points of the rate increase is related to non-deductible interest and deal costs, and should fall off in 2019. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the second quarter was $0.50, up $0.01 relative to the comparable quarter a year ago. Adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, acquisition and divestiture-related gains and losses, and the tax benefit associated with stock-based comp, was $0.61, reflecting a 15% improvement. STAHLGRUBER's results were consistent with the projected impact as we discussed during Investor Day with a negative impact on the quarter totaling approximately $0.02. While the STAHLGRUBER operating results were solid for the month of June, the negative impacts from pre-acquisition interest cost related to the euro note offerings, the tax impact from non-deductible interest cost, and the dilution effect from issuing 8 million shares caused the overall negative impact on the quarter, as we had communicated on May 31 at our Investor Day. Moving to the segments, with North America on slide 16, gross margins during the second quarter were 43.1%, down 80 basis points over the 43.9% reported a year ago. The decrease was primarily attributable to mix, with strong revenue growth in some of our lower-margin product lines, including batteries and reman engines. Additionally, we experienced some softening in salvage margins, as a result of increasing car costs. The base aftermarket business performed consistently with the prior year comparable period. And while we don't typically talk much about sequential changes, I want to highlight a few points related to activities in the second quarter. Our second quarter gross margin percentage declined sequentially by 20 basis points. Though this variance was driven mostly by our self-service business as a result of the rising cost trend we referenced last quarter. On a positive note, our aftermarket business increased its gross margin percentage sequentially by 30 basis points. The North American management team has made a good start towards addressing cost pressures, by adjusting net prices in aftermarket to boost margin without sacrificing revenue growth. We are encouraged by the progress the team made in the quarter and are optimistic about our ability to maintain these net pricing levels. Moving on to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in our North America segment, these increased by 30 basis points compared to a year ago, but were down 20 basis points sequentially. Consistent with last quarter, we're still facing headwinds related to freight and fuel costs like many other distributors, and these costs drove a 60 basis point increase over the prior year. We are actively working to address these headwinds to the extent we can, given the macroeconomic scenario, including adjusting third-party freight costs to reduce freight surcharges, sourcing less expensive freight options, and resource management. Going in the other direction, we had a partial offset of 30 basis points from a non-recurring charge in Q2 of 2017 related to a contingent liability. Non-operating income and expenses had a negative impact on segment EBITDA of 20 basis points in 2018, due to an increase in various miscellaneous expenses in the second quarter of 2018. In total, segment EBITDA of North America during the second quarter of 2018 was $175 million, roughly flat compared to last year and as a percentage of revenue was down 130 basis points from the prior year quarter. Sequential EBITDA margin is down 30 basis points, which reflects a seasonal pattern in our North America business. Prior to 2018, four of the prior five years had lower margins in Q2 versus Q1 in a range of 20 to 140 basis points. We also started to incur the incremental employee benefit costs as discussed on prior calls in Q2, which negatively impacted our sequential margin. In this context, we're encouraged by the relatively small sequential decrease, but we're clearly not where we think we can be. Looking at slide 18, scrap prices were up 33% over the comparable quarter last year and flat relative to Q1 of 2018. The benefit from scrap reflects the sequential movement in pricing, as car costs will generally follow scrap prices higher or lower over time. As such, there was minimal year-over-year impact from changes in scrap prices on our reported results. Moving on to our European segment on slide 19, gross margins in Europe were 36% in Q2, a 120 basis point decline over the comparable period of 2017. The decrease is attributable largely to our UK operations and to the mix shift given the acquisitions and organic growth of the Central and Eastern European region which has structurally lower margins. As we've discussed over the past few months, the migration issues with our T2 facility in the first quarter had an ongoing negative impact in Q2, as some of the incremental costs capitalized into inventory were recorded in the income statement as the inventory turned. Going forward, we expect to see the remaining incremental capitalized costs flow through COGS in the second half of the year, primarily in Q3. We did have some positive news on gross margins in Europe with our centralized procurement, yielding a 30 basis point improvement from supplier rebate programs. Also, our Sator business in the Benelux region showed continuing margin expansion, contributing a 30 basis point improvement to the segment with a specific strength in private label sales and the ongoing move from a three-step to a two-step model in that market. The STAHLGRUBER impact on gross margin percentage was immaterial in the quarter. With respect to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, we experienced a 30 basis point decrease on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter a year ago. The improvement was primarily attributable to leverage as we could grow revenue at a greater rate than our costs, including facility, freight and advertising expenses. European segment EBITDA totaled $111 million, a 33% increase over a year ago. As shown on slide 21, relative to the second quarter of 2017, the British pound was up 6% and the euro had strengthened 8% against the U.S. dollar. Segment EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 8.6% for Q2 2018, down 80 basis points from the same period a year ago. Our goal for Europe remains double-digit segment EBITDA margins over the next 36 months. Excluding the impact of the STAHLGRUBER acquisition, which was dilutive by 10 basis points, Q2 was a step in the right direction with a sequential margin improvement of 130 basis points. We have more work to do and the European management team are intensely focused on this task. Related to Europe, I'd also like to share some news on our equity interest in Mekonomen, a leading car parts and service chain in the Nordic region. We don't control the entity and so do not consolidate Mekonomen's results in our reported figures. Instead, we record our share of its income in the equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries line on our income statement. Since we acquired our shares of Mekonomen, its market cap has declined by approximately 25% as of June 30. While we concluded that no permanent impairment has occurred as of June 30, we will be monitoring developments closely over the next quarter as we evaluate the possibility of an impairment. That said, we remain optimistic about Mekonomen's future prospects, including its recently announced acquisition in Denmark and Poland. And we look forward to continuing our partnership with them in Europe. Turning to our Specialty segment on slide 22, the business continues to deliver solid results. The Warn business is performing well and, as previously disclosed, has a higher margin profile than the base Specialty segment. Warn contributed 90 basis points to the growth in the gross margin percentage. The base Specialty business, i.e. without Warn, generated a 4.1% organic revenue growth rate in the quarter, which was a nice rebound from Q1 and we were encouraged that we were able to do so, while maintaining gross margin expansion. Specialty underwent a program to rationalize some low-margin business which had a positive impact on the overall gross margin percentage in the quarter. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in Specialty were 120 basis points higher relative to the prior year. The primary variances related to higher personnel, vehicle and fuel expenses and the impact of Warn, which has a higher overhead expense structure than the base business. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $56 million, up 15% from Q2 of 2017. And as a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was up 20 basis points to 13.6%. Moving on to capital allocation and the balance sheet, as presented on slide 24 you will note that our cash flow from continuing operations for the first six months of 2018 was $329 million. We talked in February about the growth in inventory related to buying opportunities in our North American business. In the first half of the year, we've maintained a modest cash outflow of $13 million related to inventory, as we could support our strong organic growth without a significant investment in inventory. Receivables represent an outflow through the first six months which follows the seasonality of the business with our highest sales in the first half of the year. Payables represent a $25 million outflow through June of this year, which is nearly a $90 million swing to the negative relative to a year ago. Payables fluctuate from period to period based on purchasing activity and timing of payments. Payables is one of the more volatile line items on the cash flow, and historically we've seen periods with inflows followed by outflows and vice versa. So, I expect to see some bounce-back in the second half. Overall, we remain optimistic about our ability to generate strong cash flows from operations for the full year of 2018. CapEx for the quarter was $53 million and $115 million for the year-to-date period. The largest capital changes reflect the impact of the STAHLGRUBER transaction. In April, we issued €1 billion senior notes in 8- and 10-year tranches at a weighted average rate of 3.75% to fund the STAHLGRUBER transaction. Additionally, we borrowed approximately $80 million on our line of credit and issued 8.1 million shares to complete the financing of the transaction. Moving to slide 25, as of June 30, we had approximately $4.5 billion of total debt outstanding and $345 million of cash, resulting in a net debt number of about $4.1 billion or 3.1 times last 12 months EBITDA. Excluding the STAHLGRUBER transaction, with the debt pay-down in the first quarter and a further pay-down in the second quarter totaling $162 million for the first six months, we continue to make good progress in reducing our net leverage. At this net debt ratio, our credit facility margin increased by 25 basis points in June. So, we'll see a higher interest cost on all of our credit facility borrowings until we reduce our net leverage ratio below the 2.75 times tier of the credit facility. The impact of this interest rate increase was included in our STAHLGRUBER accretion estimate. And finally, we have approximately $1.6 billion of availability on our credit facility, which together with our cash yields total liquidity of $1.9 billion. With that said, I'll turn the call back to Nick to cover the updated guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Varun. In light of the results achieved in the second quarter and the closing of STAHLGRUBER, we have adjusted our annual guidance on a few of the key financial metrics. With respect to organic growth for parts and services, we anticipate all the segments will continue to report reasonably strong results, though not quite at very high levels achieved in the second quarter. Accordingly, we have adjusted the bottom end of the full year guidance range for global organic growth up from 4% to 4.5% and have kept the top end of the range steady at 5.5%. In terms of adjusted earnings per share, we have moved the range up to $2.25 to $2.33 a share, with a midpoint of $2.29. This reflects both the better-than-anticipated results for the second quarter, the anticipated accretion from the STAHLGRUBER transaction, offset by the weaker euro and sterling which are down 4% and 6% respectively from when we set guidance last quarter, and the slight uptick in the estimated effective tax rate as we continue to refine the impact of the tax law changes and the STAHLGRUBER acquisition. Currencies and taxes collectively account for approximately a negative $0.04 a share impact relative to our prior guidance. So, as to be clear, starting with the midpoint of our prior guidance which was $2.25 a share, we added $0.05 for STAHLGRUBER, $0.03 for the strong Q2, and then backed off the $0.04 for the negative currency and tax rate impacts to get to the new midpoint of $2.29 a share. Those adjustments yield a range for adjusted net income of $710 million to $735 million. We also anticipate that the higher earnings will have a positive impact on cash flow from operations and have revised the guidance range to $660 million on the low end and $710 million at the high end, a $35 million increase. We have also increased our capital spending plan a bit to a range of $255 million to $285 million, reflecting the inclusion of STAHLGRUBER and the addition of a few large facility expansion opportunities, primarily in our North American wholesale operations. We believe the effective tax rate will be approximately 27% and the guidance assumes the current levels as it relates to FX rates. This guidance does not include any impact from the pending tariffs nor does it assume any meaningful impact from scrap price fluctuations, though there is a reasonable amount of speculation in the market that prices may come under pressure if the Chinese restrict the amount of imported recycled material. In closing, I am very proud of the hard work and dedication of our 49,000 employees and I am equally proud of the team's efforts to effectively address the headwinds encountered in the first quarter. While we have made good progress, there is substantial room for improvement and I am confident in our team's ability to effectively implement their respective plans. Finally, I would like to publicly welcome the entire STAHLGRUBER organization to the LKQ team. We could not be more excited to have you as our colleagues and partners, and we look forward to working with you in the months and years ahead. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Nick, I realize the trade dynamics are fluid, but a bigger picture, how would you frame your sourcing exposure geographically? I guess, I'm asking, for example, what percentage of European costs of goods sold would be sourced from Europe, the U.S.A. and China and maybe the same question for the U.S., just so we can put some context around these tariffs.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Craig, and good morning. Yeah. The tariff issue is trying to hit a moving target, right, because there's five different programs under two different trade statutes that are somewhere between 40 years old and 60 years old that are currently at play. The reality is in our North American business, the entirety of the salvage supply chain is from the U.S. So, there's no impact related to our salvage business. The vast majority of our aftermarket product comes from Taiwan. And Taiwan is not deemed to be China. So, it's not really impacted by the tariffs that are exclusively kind of focused on China. But the last of the five programs which has very little detail around it, Craig, relates to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 where the President is talking about putting a 20% or 25% tariff on all imported automobiles and auto parts. But that's on a country-by-country specific basis, and they haven't been clear as to what countries are included in that. So, that's probably potentially the biggest exposure. When you look at the original tariff item related to steel and aluminum under Section 232, there is really no impact on us because that really related to raw materials. Under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, there's three different rounds. Round one put the tariffs on 818, what they call, tariff headings. That went into effect actually on July 6, so that's real and live. We have about 60 products that fall under those 818 headings and so the tariff impact there will be less than $5 million. Round two, which was proposed on June 20, it put a 25% surcharge on another 284 tariff headings, and we think the impact there is rather minimal. The round three, which was just kind of introduced as a possibility a couple weeks ago, put another 10% surcharge on another 6,031 tariff headings. And that's probably going to have a bigger impact actually on our PGW business, because a lot of the windshields that we distribute on the aftermarket side come from China and our Specialty business, if you will. We don't see a lot of impact on our European business from the tariff structure and the trade issues that are in the press these days, because almost all of the inventory that we sell in Europe is procured either from European or Asian sources. We're not buying product from the U.S. and moving it over to Europe. So, hopefully that helps.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: It does. Thank you, Nick.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter B.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, I have a question on North America aftermarket gross margins. I think – it sounds like you've made some progress on passing along product price increases that you've seen from your suppliers, along with passing on for higher freight. Did I hear that correctly? And then, the second part of that question is, by the end of the year, do you think you'll make more progress such that price/cost in that aftermarket piece can be neutralized?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Ryan, good morning. It's Varun Laroyia calling in. Yes, listen, to your question about aftermarket, the base business, which is our traditional crash parts, we have been able to offset some of the margin pressures. As we'd mentioned, our recovery plans are well underway. The North American management team has been working hard on these pieces and they continue to go through tiers of customers, as we had spoken about previously. So, yes, they've made good progress. But again, as we'd mentioned previously, given the size and scale of the activity, this element will keep ramping up through the second half also. So, while we were in a position to essentially get our aftermarket margins flat on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter versus where they were trending previously, so that's been stabilized. And, yes, we do expect that piece to continue to ramp up through the back end of the year.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: I want to ask about, in North America, the relationship between organic growth and margins. I suspect April was a challenge to the quarter as it relates to the disparity in demand across geographies that you saw in the first quarter. And I'm just curious as to how much of that sustained inclement weather into April lifted organic growth, but also suppressed gross margins. And then, as we think about the sequential move into the back half of the year, do you think you can show margins up year-over-year in the back half?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Ben, this is Nick. I'll start and I'll let Varun jump in afterwards. So, there's no doubt that the demand in our North American business, particularly on the collision side of the business, has been very strong. You saw some very good growth in Q1, some continued excellent growth in Q2 and that growth was really pretty consistent throughout the quarter. On the margin side, we were coming off of a soft Q1 and so the margins in the quarter actually got better as we marched through the three months of the quarter. That's why Varun indicated just a moment ago that we anticipate that we're going to continue to make good progress through the back half of the year. But, Varun, do you want to add?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. Hey, Ben, good morning. Yes. Listen, I think to the second part of your question in terms of what we anticipate versus a year ago for North America margins and if you turn to slide 16 of the earnings deck, you'll see that the first half typically is a strong set of results for us from a margin perspective. And then, typically seasonality does tend to play its part with regards to mix. So, for example, in the first half of the year, we do tend to have more collision parts in the North America mix and that typically tends to tail off. But if you think about the dip that we have traditionally experienced first half to the second half, we don't expect that to be as significant to what we've seen in prior years. So, back to the point about a year ago 12.9% and 12.7% in Q3 and Q4 for North American margins, we would not see that, call it, 160, 170-point decline from the first half that we just reported for 2018.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Appreciate taking the question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Wanted to ask sort of more of a strategic question and congratulations on closing STAHLGRUBER. But wanted to look – kind of looking ahead and you traditionally take some time off after larger scale deals like STAHLGRUBER. But wanted to see kind of what your view was on sort of the growth strategy looking out over the longer term. Or are you at a size now where it makes more sense to sort of reinvest in sort of internally making sure the margin trajectories in North America, Europe and so forth sort of stabilize and start to grow again? And we can kind of think of this as about sort of optimizing the portfolio you have versus growing via acquisition and sort of via roll-up into the future.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Jamie, this is Nick. And I'll just take everyone back to May 31 at our Investor Day at T2. And what we mentioned then is we've just come off the largest acquisition in the history of the company, the acquisition of STAHLGRUBER which, again, we are thrilled to have as part of our family of companies and we think there's huge benefits that will accrue in the years to come, but that's – there's a big integration to go on there. But the reality is we expect to do both. We'll continue to grow our business through acquisition over the next three to five years. Having said that, we also need to optimize – I think that's the word to use and I think it was a very good choice of words – we need to optimize what we currently owned. And so, it's not really an either/or. As I indicated back on May 31, no one should expect another blockbuster transaction, anything close to something like STAHLGRUBER in the near term, right, because we have a lot on our plate and we're going to be focused on making sure we get the integration right. But over time as our leverage comes down and the like, if and when the right opportunity arises, we would be willing to again do something on a slightly larger scale, but we need to get our – we need to get STAHLGRUBER integrated, we need to get our leverage down. But that doesn't in any way, shape or form take our eye off the ball of optimizing what we own, getting the margins up in not – in all of our businesses really. Again, we've been very clear about the goals in Europe. We absolutely want to drive higher margins in North America. There's a lot of blocking and tackling that goes into that. And so, we're focused on both.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much, Nick, and best of luck.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Could you give us an update where we are as far as sort of purchasing synergies in Europe? I think you said you picked up 30 bps on some supplier rebates. But maybe how much of our purchasing has been consolidated and you talked at Sator about the private label programs, how are we across the board in private label and maybe percentage mix, and where you see that going?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Bret, it's Varun. Good morning. Yeah. Listen, in terms of our overall European procurement program, continues to make great strides. We have a team that's been actively working with our key suppliers, and so that's how you've kind of seen that improvement come through on a year-over-year basis. We haven't given exact numbers in terms of what level has been covered at this point of time. But clearly, I can assure you, we'd call it 45 to 50 days into the STAHLGRUBER transaction, the teams have been spending a lot of quality time out there also to consolidate as to what the opportunity is with the STAHLGRUBER transaction, obviously net pricing analysis being done on several thousand SKUs at this point of time. And so, we remain optimistic not only about the STAHLGRUBER purchasing synergies, but the overall European procurement program. With regards to your second part of the question on Benelux and Sator, yes, absolutely. Listen, we've talked about this previously, the rise of private label brands. Certainly, Sator has been making great strides on that from that perspective. But really, I'll probably take you back in terms of one of our core critical businesses, ECP. They're the ones that have actually been going down the path of the private label brands. So, they've certainly shown the path to the European teams. Sator has picked up on that also. And then, obviously, we do know through our equity investment in Mekonomen in terms of the margin profile of private label brands. So, we do see that to be a key pillar for our European margins getting to that double-digit EBITDA margin rate by the end of the 36-month period that started January 2018.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. And, Bret, what I would add is, obviously, when you make a large acquisition, you don't get the procurement savings day one, right? So, if you go back to when we bought Rhiag back in 2016, we put out some broad guidance as to what we thought we could get from a procurement benefit across the European platform by combining purchasing, negotiating kind of common elements, common contracts with our suppliers, if you will. At the time, we thought we could get $10 million of procurement. And we're very well on the way of getting that. With respect to STAHLGRUBER, we really won't see the benefit of that really until very late in the first year of acquisition, which would put us into kind of mid-2019. One is you need to go and actually renegotiate some of the contracts, then you need to actually start buying at those new levels. But then you need to turn the inventory, right? And so, there's a little bit of a time lag, but we are very confident in our ability to really get our arms around all of the procurement savings that we've noted, both as it relates to the historical acquisitions and obviously as it relates to STAHLGRUBER.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Do you have a feeling for what percentage of your sales are private label?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: It really varies business by business. We don't disclose this, but ECP has the highest level of private label and STAHLGRUBER probably has the lowest level of private label business. And Sator and Rhiag are kind of in between, if you will.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, good morning. I was hoping given the rapid moves in commodity, and just give us a quick refresh, a primer on the puts and takes to your P&L. So you're hit on the self-service side, but what about your core North American wholesale business? That's where you have inventory on hand. Initially, you would think increases are positive to get LIFO liquidations, but as you kind of turn through it, how should we be thinking about them? How that impacts margins?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the impact to commodities has a very little impact on our, what we call our full-service North American salvage business, if you will. These are the cars that we're buying at auction and dismantling. Because the real commodity play there is the scrap. And the scrap is a couple hundred dollars on a $2,000 purchase for which we're hoping to park the car out for maybe north of $4,000. So, there's a very little impact. Biggest impact clearly on the self-serve business where the majority of the revenue from the self-serve, more than 50% of the revenue is actually from the residual metals that we end up selling off in the form of scrap. On the aftermarket part side in North America, a lot of the product that we bring in from the Far East is either made of steel, think about hoods and fenders and the like, or plastics. The shallow, the mirror, the bumper covers, grills and so resin prices are really key there. And so, like in any business as the cost of raw materials for the suppliers that we buy from moves around, they're going to try and recoup some of their cost through higher selling prices to their customers. And we've seen a little bit of that, we talked about that in Q1. We're doing what we can to adjust our prices to take care of that.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Does that help?
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. That does help. And then as a related follow-up, you had referenced in the call something, the effective – the Chinese considering pulling back from purchasing recycled materials. Just want to get your – what are the puts and takes that they actually do do that? Do you have less competition for buying parts? Are there like lateral effects that we should be aware of? And then, like do you have an ability to source more aftermarket to offset that, if it is problematic? Just overall picture there would be helpful.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the reference that I made about the Chinese is earlier this year, the Chinese government put in regulations to effectively limit the volume of recycled materials. That's everything from paper to cardboard to metals and the like flowing into China. And really as it related to metals is they wanted a cleaner source of metals because sometimes when the metals that they were bringing into the country, you think about copper wiring, right, the copper is always coated with something, fabric or plastic and the like. And they basically put a halt on the importation of some of that material. And so, at first, their ports weren't fully compliant with the law and more recently we're hearing that they are by the end of the year going to put a hard stop. And that's going to have potentially an impact on prices. We just don't know where. But that's why I made the comment. The reality is, again, in our core North American business, most of the product comes in from Taiwan. Taiwan is deemed to be a different country. And so, the Chinese import laws as it relates to recycled materials do not relate to Taiwan.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much, Nick, Varun and Joe, for taking the question. Could we look at page 17 on your deck, and could you help us bridge what is in the 90 basis points of headwind from gross margin? What's making up that 90 basis points so we understand what you're dealing with and can get a hand around?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Michael, good morning. It's Varun Laroyia out here. Yeah, listen, going back to the margin decline on a year-over-year basis in our North America business, really it's the vast majority of it is mix driven. If you think about the base aftermarket business, as I mentioned on the call, and then to one of the questions earlier also, that was pretty much comparable on a prior year period. But if you think about the strong revenue growth similar to what we had called out even in Q1 in some of our lower-margin product lines, think about batteries, this is coming off the FCA Mopar deal that we announced and essentially got the first full quarter in Q1. While it has contributed to organic revenue, we are nowhere close to getting the margins that we would on our traditional aftermarket crash parts, or for that matter reman engines. Again, great from a revenue growth perspective, but again significantly lower-margin business. And then, finally, with the salvage side of it, also specifically on our self-service business, the rising car cost trend as a result of scrap metal prices going up, that obviously doesn't allow us to get the same level of margin for the parts we pick off those vehicles. So, that really is what comprises the kind of 90 basis points kind of down on a year-over-year basis.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. But can you give us the actual portions of that? So, how much of this is batteries versus reman engines versus salvage?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Michael, we don't typically disclose that entire piece in terms of what the key elements of that would be. But if you think about the key components, roughly call it 50 basis points, 30 basis points, 20 basis points between aftermarket, the salvage, self-service operations. So, that really is what we say. So, again, I would not call out anything that was de minimis, but again full-service and salvage are a key piece of it. And in the aftermarket, outside of the base business, which has some of the lower-margin product line that also roll up, those are the key pieces.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, if I may follow on it, when we were in England and the presentations were given, there was a high degree of confidence that the company would return to the starting year margin by year-end. Is that still the case in North America?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes. Well, if you think about – when we've kind of broken out our Q1 headwinds specifically on the gross margin piece of it, you'll recall one of the key pieces we had called out were rising commodity prices in our traditional aftermarket crash part piece. And so, I think that really is where the key piece was. The team has been successful in being able to offset those prices. But with regards to the mix, given what we see from scrap metal prices in the full-service salvage or for that matter what we've seen come through on some of the other product lines, that is something, will just be a mix piece. So, to the time we don't lap the comps on, say, the battery business which will be in Q1 of 2019, we will see that, but in terms of that is a small part of our business, but the big base of our North America wholesale by far is the aftermarket. And that's trending well. Okay?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Benjamin with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Stephanie.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Stephanie. And again, welcome to the LKQ call and we appreciate you initiating coverage on us.
Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Absolutely. Thank you. So, just kind of looking back at the European margins during the quarter, obviously, a lot of moving parts. Just looking at the apparent mix between Western Europe and Eastern Europe and just kind of the margin gap there, is there anything near term or long term that can be done to kind of close the gap between those two regions' margin structure?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Stephanie, the difference between Eastern Europe and Western Europe, that's really structural, if you will, almost across the board and we've seen financial statements from a lot of different companies, obviously, all over Europe. The Eastern Bloc just structurally has lower gross margins and lower EBITDA margins. The market there seems to be willing to work for just a lower level of profitability. And to be competitive, our Eastern Bloc countries also have lower margins than in the West. We think that's going to persist for the foreseeable future. We don't see a huge shift in the market. That said, we still believe we can earn a good return on capital on the Eastern Bloc operations, if you will, because those companies are growing a lot faster. And so from an absolute euro perspective, if you will, we can grow the EBITDA faster in Eastern Europe than Western Europe just because of the top line growth.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: The only one additional piece I'll add to just complement Nick's comments here, are if you go back to our Investor Day and John had laid out the key pillars of the margin enhancement for our European business, there was some of the slightly longer-term initiatives which will actually benefit all of our European segment. So, things such as logistics and warehousing optimization or for that matter shared services, back office, rationalizing the infrastructure side a bit, that certainly is a slightly longer-term piece of it, but that really allows us to make some significant moves into our cost structure. So, as Nick mentioned, the margin is what those markets will bear. But in terms of us being able to further optimize relative to competition given our size, scale and footprint in that region, we believe we will be best-in-class even on segment EBITDA margins relative to competition in that market.
Stephanie Benjamin - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Very helpful. Well, thanks so much.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Scott Stember with C.L. King & Associates. Your line is open.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Scott.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Scott.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Can we just maybe just go back to price increases that we have talked about in the aftermarket business in North America? Last quarter you guys had talked about having to be careful with raising prices, just given the fact that you need to stay within a certain pocket below the comparable OEM prices. Can you maybe just talk about what you're experiencing on that front and maybe that just will give us a gauge of how quickly you can get through the price increases that you need altogether? Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Scott. I mean, the reality is in Q2 and true going forward, it has less to do with actually raising prices and it has more to do to make sure that the level of discounts that we're giving to our customers are actually earned. The reality is not everyone earns the same level of discount. And clearly, the bigger customers who buy large volumes consistently over a longer period of time get a higher level of discount off a list than the smaller customers, and it's making sure that our sales team is being incredibly rigorous and focused on giving the right level of discount. And that's where we've made some progress here in Q2. We think we're going to make continued progress through the back half of the year. And it gets you to the same spot, right, that if you're really being more disciplined on the level of discounts, if that can increase revenue that helps obviously improve your margins, if you will. But again, we want to be – we are very careful. It's a tightrope that we need to walk. We don't want to turn off the revenue growth by being too aggressive on the price front, right, because at the end of the day, we want to continue to take market share and we want to continue to broaden the overall base.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. That's all I have. Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And I'd now like to turn the call back over to CEO, Nick Zarcone, for closing remarks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: I would like to thank everyone for their time and attention here today. I know we've ran a little bit long. Sorry about that, but we wanted to answer everybody's questions. Again, we think we had a great quarter, but we're not done, and we're working really hard and we'll continue to focus on improving the margins of all of our businesses around the globe. And we look forward to sharing our further progress with you at the end of October when we report third quarter results. And we hope to have another good report for you at that point in time. So, again, thanks for your time and attention and we'll talk to you in about 90 days.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp. Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC David Kelly - JPMorgan Asset Management Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Denise, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the LKQ First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Joe Boutross, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We are delighted to share the results of our most recent quarter with you this morning. I will start by providing some high-level comments on the quarter, and Varun will dig in a bit further into the segments and related financial details before I come back to discuss or our updated 2018 guidance and make a few closing remarks. As noted on slide 4, consolidated revenue was a record $2.721 billion reflecting a 16% increase over the $2.343 billion recorded in the first quarter of last year. Total revenue growth from parts and services was 15.7% during the first quarter while organic revenue growth in parts and services on a global basis came in at 3.7% with our North American operations leading the charge. As mentioned in the Q4 call, very few companies in our sector are generating organic growth at this level. Please note, we adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard effective January 1 of 2018 and that had a negative impact on consolidated revenue growth of just under 40 basis points. So, excluding the impact of the new accounting standard, the global organic growth rate was just above 4%. While the quarter-to-quarter impact is difficult to forecast, we expect the accounting standard impact on our reported revenue growth for the remainder of the year to be less than that recorded in Q1. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the first quarter of 2018 was $0.49, an increase of 9% as compared to the $0.45 reported for the same period of 2017. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the first quarter was $0.55, an increase of 12% compared to the $0.49 for the same period last year. These EPS results were a bit short of our expectations, and during that call, we will provide some insights as to both the headwinds faced and our plans for change. Let's turn to the operating highlights. As you will note from slide 6, total parts and services revenue for our North American segment grew 8.6% during the first quarter of 2018 compared to the comparable quarter last year. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment during the quarter was 6.5%, well ahead of expectations. We clearly started the year on a high note in North America, especially when you consider that according to CCC Information Services, collision and liability related auto claims on a national basis were only up 0.8% in the first quarter, although there were significant regional differences, which were basically a reversal of recent years. According to the CCC data, the traditional Snow Belt states like Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York and Massachusetts, all experienced material growth in repairable claims, while states like Washington, California, Texas, Georgia and Florida saw year-over-year declines in repairable claims. Our revenue largely tracked these regional differences with the Midwest, Northeast and Canadian regions performing extremely strong, while the revenue growth in the South, East and the West was more tempered. Clearly, Mother Nature helped the cause in some of our larger regions. That said, the 6.5% organic growth far outpaced the CCC data supporting our view that we continue to gain market share. Also, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q1 was achieved, while miles driven in the United States were down 0.1% on a nationwide basis in February, although like the claims data, there were significant regional differences. Organic growth for the aftermarket parts outstripped that of salvage parts, as the repair shops were looking to improve cycle times given the increased volume of work they were processing. Importantly, we continue to see increases in our total aftermarket collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 6.7% and 13.8% respectively in the first quarter. Finally, as noted last call, we have a new agreement to distribute batteries to the FCA dealerships in North America, and that program had an approximate 100 basis point positive impact on our North American organic growth rate during the quarter. Achieving this robust level of organic growth in North America came at a cost, particularly in our collision parts business, as we incurred incremental operating expense as a percent of revenue to maintain our industry-leading service levels for our customers. As mentioned, some regions exhibited much better than expected volumes and we had to move inventory around the system in order to have the right parts in the right place to satisfy customer demand. This dynamic had a negative impact on operating margins in the quarter, which Varun will touch on shortly. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue of 26.6% during the quarter. Organic revenue growth for parts and services in Europe was 1.2%, which was below our expectations. Acquisitions added an additional 11.3% to revenue growth during the first quarter of 2018, while the strengthening of the euro and sterling continued during the quarter resulting in an FX-related increase of just over 14%. On the positive side, our operations in Eastern Europe again led the way with high-single-digit organic growth, and our Benelux operations experienced organic growth well above the overall European average. Conversely, our UK operations, which are currently our largest in Europe, produced roughly flat organic growth on a year-over-year basis and generally experienced the softest quarter since we bought ECP in 2011. While there were a number of moving pieces, I will mention the three biggest factors. First, while we remain highly confident in the long-term benefits related to the new UK warehouse project, known as T2, we have to acknowledge that the full conversion to the automation became more difficult than we had initially modeled. As mentioned in the past, this project involves moving from the utilization of three smaller legacy warehouses to the utilization of the new large highly automated T2 facility and a reconfigured existing facility. T2 is not only a major logistics initiative, but also a complex software project. While we and our vendors did extensive testing, it was only once the system was under the full load of all the ECP branches earlier this year that some issues began to surface. In particular, we experienced some replenishment issues and related stock availability at both T2 and some of our branches, which in turn led to temporary service issues. We immediately increased head count at T2 to keep the product flowing and implemented key promotional programs to maintain our customer relationships. The final material software patch was installed a few weeks ago. We have worked through the backlog and now the system is fully functional. That said, we are not fully optimized yet, and it will take a couple of quarters to continue to prove the efficiency at T2. Based on our early April results, it appears that the sales disruption has been rectified. But we still have work to do on the cost side. In the coming quarters, we will move the Andrew Page national distribution center functions and related branch network replenishment to T2. We are confident that these will be executed without the same issues we experienced during the first quarter. The second point, Europe like the United States had some unusually severe weather. For example, in March, the UK was hit by three separate storms which the media have referred to as the Beast from the East. While these storms dropped an unusual amount of snow on the Greater London area, the biggest impact was experienced in Scotland and the northern areas of England. There were a few days when some of our replenishment trucks were grounded, and many of our customers and our some of branches closed. While harsh weather is generally favorable to our business, in this case, the severity led to a negative impact on the Q1 results. Third, the timing of Easter appears to have had a larger negative impact than we anticipated. Last year, you may recall, Easter fell in mid-April and firmly in the second quarter, where this year Easter was on April 1 with Good Friday falling into the first quarter and Easter Monday in the second quarter. So again, we had three temporary setbacks. With respect to Andrew Page, we have received approval to integrate the non-divestiture Andrew Page business. Andrew Page's branch network and national distribution center is scheduled for integration into T2 by July and the head office function should be consolidated by the end of the year. At this time, we are in the process of selling 11 Andrew Page branches, including the nine required by the UK competition authorities and two additional branches that are focused on the commercial vehicle market. We are currently evaluating the bids we have received for these branches. During the first quarter, we opened up five new branches in Europe including one new location in Western Europe and four in Eastern Europe. So overall, it was a disappointing result for our European segment with the three temporary setbacks impacting our organic growth and EBITDA margins. That said, we believe the longer term impact of the weather will be favorable, the Easter timing impact will benefit Q2 when compared to last year, and that the T2 and Andrew Page integration issues are now within our control and will be resolved in the next couple of quarters. By Q3, we anticipate we will start to see the benefits and we will exit the year with these items well behind us. And finally, let's move on to our Specialty segment. During Q1, Specialty reported organic growth for parts and services of 0.3%, with most of the slowdown from historical levels coming late in the quarter. The team implemented selected customer and product mix rationalization decisions that we think will yield positive results over the long term. In the short term, however, this meant for growing business in the quarter, which had lower profitability levels while focusing on developing new business at a more acceptable margin. Importantly, unlike our North American segment, which benefits from severe winter weather, the Specialty segment was negatively impacted by the harsh March storms both on the demand side for our RV-focused products as well as our ability to distribute in certain markets. Moving on to corporate development, in the first quarter, we acquired an aftermarket radiator and related products distributor in Tennessee. During this quarter, we tempered the volume of our acquisitions primarily to digest what we had acquired in 2017, but not closing the door on attractive acquisition opportunities. With that said, I am pleased with the diligence of our development team and our operating team's effort with respect to ongoing integration efforts. We continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunities to acquire businesses that fit with our growth strategy in each of our operating segments. With respect to the pending acquisition of Stahlgruber announced back in December, we engaged in pre-notification discussions with the EU Antitrust Commission beginning in January and submitted our formal merger notification filing to the Commission on March 9. On April 4, the Commission received a referral request from one EU country asking that part of the transaction be transferred to that country's competition authority for its assessment. The referral request was not a complete surprise, as there was some overlap of business activity in that particular country. The referral request triggered an automatic 10-day extension to the EU review period and we currently anticipate receiving a formal response from the EU Commission on or before May 3. The operations in the country subject to the referral request represent only a small portion of Stahlgruber's overall revenue and profits, and we believe we will be able to close on the vast majority of the Stahlgruber business during the second quarter. Importantly, our interactions with the Stahlgruber leadership team over the past several months has only reinforced our view that it is a very high quality organization and a strong business, and that will be a terrific addition to the LKQ Europe family of companies. And now, I will turn the discussion over to Varun who will run you through the details of the segment results.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I will take you through a consolidated and segment results for the quarter and cover our current liquidity situation before turning it back to Nick for an update on full-year guidance. Nick described the trends behind our reported revenue of $2.7 billion, a new record for the company, so I will start with our consolidated gross margin. As noted on slide 11 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was down 100 basis points versus the comparable quarter last year to 38.7%. Roughly 60 basis points of the decrease is attributable to our North America segment with the balance relating to our European segment. Segment EBITDA totaled $295 million for the first quarter reflecting a $5 million or 1.7% increase over the comparable quarter of 2017. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was down 150 basis points to 10.9%. We experienced an 80 basis point increase in our operating expenses largely due to personnel and freight expenses. During the first quarter of 2018, we also experienced a $1 million increase in restructuring and acquisition-related cost compared to the prior year and an $8 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense largely due to acquisitions. With that, operating income for the first quarter of 2018 was down about $9 million or roughly 4% when compared to the same period in 2017. Non-operating items were favorable by about $2 million versus Q1 2017. Other non-operating income includes foreign exchange gains and losses and various income items such as late payment fees. Interest expense was up $4.5 million, approximately 19% year-over-year due to both higher average balances and interest rates. Pre-tax income during the first quarter of 2018 was $201 million, down $12 million or 5.6% compared to the prior year. Moving to income taxes, our annual effective tax rate was 26% for the quarter, consistent with the guidance we provided. In the first quarter of 2017, we applied an annual effective rate of 35.25%. So we're showing a $23 million decrease in the income tax provision this year mostly related to the lower U.S. federal tax rate that went into effect with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the first quarter was $0.49, up 8.9%. Adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization and the tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, was $0.55 reflecting a 12.2% improvement. Before I turn to segment commentary, I want to acknowledge the disappointment in our margins in the first quarter. At LKQ, we pride ourselves not only on being able to grow revenues as we have demonstrated yet again, but equally importantly to do so profitably. Our management team strives to obtain operating leverage in our businesses. We haven't lost that discipline, but we also know that there is work to be done to address the margin pressure we faced in the first quarter. I will provide color on the causes and actions underway designed for our long-term success. Starting with North America on slide 13, gross margins during the first quarter were 43.3%, down 110 basis points over the 44.4% reported last year. The aftermarket business represented about 70 basis points of the decline due to several factors. Firstly, rising costs for our supplies and commodities such as sheet metal and resin and ocean freight resulted in higher costs for our inventory. Our net selling prices, however, did not increase to match the higher inventory costs. Efforts are underway to redress this issue on a location, district and region level to offset this headwind. Secondly, a large part of the organic growth we experienced came through products such as automotive batteries, owing to the cold winter and certified OE parts. Both are lower margin products, which diluted the overall margin profile relative to the prior year. Thirdly, our self-serve business also contributed to the lower margin percentage, which initially seems unusual given this rising scrap prices. We are generating more gross margin dollars in 2018 than a year ago, though the gross margin percentage decline, as we process higher cost cars this year. Parts revenue tends to not grow significantly when car costs rise due to higher scrap prices and create a dilutive effect on the gross margin percentage. In Q1, we also recorded an increase to our reserves associated with returns and receivables that in aggregate cost us approximately $0.02 in EPS. We do not expect a similarly-sized charge to recur in 2018. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in our North American segment increased by 40 basis points compared to last year. We also saw a benefit of about 50 basis points from eliminating shared corporate costs of the sale of the PGW OEM business in March 2017. Outside of this benefit, overhead expenses were up 90 basis points related to freight, personnel and vehicle costs. With the high level of sales growth in the quarter, we had to rely on more third-party freight and vehicle rentals to maintain service levels. Like many companies, we too are seeing third-party freight cost rise with driver shortages, wage inflation and higher fuel costs. As Nick mentioned earlier, weather impacted certain regions such as the Northeast and Midwest, which experienced strong revenue growth, though this came at a price as we had to bring on expensive temp labor and incur overtime to keep up with demand. The premium for temp labor and overtime contributed to an increase in personnel costs outpacing revenue growth. Training is underway on a variety of fronts to address these headwinds, including adjusting third-party freight codes to reduce freight surcharges, sourcing less expensive freight options and resource management. Non-operating income and expenses had a positive impact on segment EBITDA of 30 basis points in 2018 due to a non-recurring asset write-off that was recorded in the first quarter of 2017. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the first quarter of 2018 was $178 million, a 0.9% increase over the prior year. Looking at slide 14, scrap prices were up 37% over the comparable quarter last year and up 21% from Q4 of 2017. The benefit from scrap reflects the sequential movement in pricing, as car costs will generally follow scrap prices higher or lower over time. We saw a $13 million positive impact on profitability owing to scrap prices, which was $7 million higher than the benefit we experienced in Q1 of 2017. Moving on to our European segment on slide 15, gross margins in Europe were 35.9% in Q1, a 110 basis point decline over the comparable period in 2017. The decrease is attributable largely to our UK operations and to the mix shift at Riyadh (00:25:52), given the higher growth of the Central and Eastern European region, which has structurally lower margins. As Nick mentioned in his remarks, we experienced migration issues with our T2 facility in the first quarter that impacted our gross margin on two fronts. First, on the expense side, we incurred unbudgeted cost to address the issue, including increased personnel expenses to manually receive and stock product. And second, we launched promotional pricing to recapture our customers' business. Going forward, we expect to incur some additional period costs in Q2 and incremental COGS, as we sell through the inventory received in Q1. The effect of these factors drove the lower gross margin percentage in the UK operations, and we expect these to dissipate in the next couple of quarters. We did have some positive news on gross margins in Europe with our centralized procurement yielding a 40 basis point improvement from supplier rebate programs, and additionally our Sator business in the Benelux showed a 70 basis point improvement with specific strength in private label sales and the ongoing move from a three-step to a two-step model in that market. With respect to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, we experienced a 120 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis versus the comparable quarter a year ago, of which 90 basis points were attributable to higher personnel costs, mostly related to branch openings and the Sator three-step to two-step model evolution which, as we've previously discussed, has higher SG&A costs, though offset by higher gross margin. To a lesser extent, we incurred additional costs in Q1 owing to information technology projects, as we continue to work on solutions to rationalize the many systems we operate across Europe today. European segment EBITDA totaled $76 million, a 4% decrease over last year. Our goal for Europe remains double-digit segment EBITDA margins over the next 36 months, barring the impact of any acquisitions that may be dilutive and Q1 was a step in the opposite direction. While we believe some of the Q1 issues will be behind us soon, we have more work to do, and John and the European management team are intensely focused on this task. Turning to our Specialty segment on slide 17, the Warn acquisition from November of last year created some noise in the quarter-over-quarter comparison and Q1 was the first full quarter for the business as part of the LKQ family. The Warn business has continued to perform well and, as previously discussed, has a higher margin profile than the base specialty segment. The base specialty business performed well in spite of flat revenues by protecting its margins. As Nick mentioned, Specialty dropped some low margin business, which had a positive impact on the overall gross margin percentage. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in Specialty were higher relative to the prior year, the primary variances related to higher personnel, vehicle and fuel expenses. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $42 million, up 18.4% from Q1 of 2017. And as a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was up 60 basis points to 11.9%, a solid performance by the team, given the revenue headwinds. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 18, you will note that our cash flow from continuing operations for the first quarter was approximately $145 million. We talked earlier this year about the growth in inventory related to buying opportunities in our North America business. In the first quarter, we started to work down the inventory levels, and for North America, this resulted in a net cash inflow, while Specialty and Europe were outflows owing to lower than expected revenues. We remain optimistic about our ability to generate strong cash flows from operations for the full year of 2018. CapEx for the quarter was $62 million. The largest capital changes reflect the net pay-down of almost $118 million of debt, largely funded by the cash flows from operations and cash on hand. As we've shown in the past, if we slow down the acquisition pipeline, we have the ability to pay down our outstanding debt given our free cash flow generation. Moving to slide 19, as of March 31, we had approximately $3.3 billion of total debt outstanding and $246 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $3.1 billion or about 2.7 times last 12 months' EBITDA. We have approximately $1.5 billion of availability on our line of credit, which together with our cash yields a total liquidity of $1.7 billion. On the 9th of April, we closed €1 billion of senior notes with €750 million maturing in April 2026 at a rate of 3.625% and a €250 million maturing in April 2028 at a rate of 4.125%. We are very happy with the support we saw in the market and the terms we were able to obtain despite the ongoing volatility in the capital markets. Funding the Stahlgruber transaction at a weighted average rate of 3.75% over both an 8-year and a 10-year tranche is a terrific outcome. We plan to mitigate a portion of the holding costs by paying down euro-denominated debt until the closing date. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Nick to cover the updated guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Varun, for that financial overview. In light of the results achieved in the first quarter, we have adjusted our annual guidance on a few of the key financial metrics. With respect to organic growth for parts and services, we anticipate North America will remain reasonably strong, and the European and Specialty segments will show improvement as we progress through the year. That said, we have adjusted the top end of the full-year guidance range for global organic growth down from 6% to 5.5% to reflect both the 3.7% reported for Q1, a gradual acceleration in Europe in Specialty, and some continued headwinds from the new revenue recognition accounting standard. In terms of adjusted EPS, we have moved the range down to $2.20 at the low end to $2.30 at the high end to reflect both the actual results for Q1 and the fact that some of our profit improvement plans will take time to catch hold and yield results. That adjustment yields a range for adjusted net income of $685 million to $715 million, down $35 million from the prior guidance. We have also trimmed our capital spending plan a bit to a range of $235 million to $265 million. We also anticipate that the lower earnings will impact cash flow from operations, but the slightly lower revenue growth should require less working capital investment, which partially offsets the earnings impact. Accordingly, the revised cash flow guidance is $625 million to $675 million, a $25 million reduction. We still believe the effective tax rate will be approximately 26%, and the guidance assumes current levels as it relates to FX rates and scrap steel pricing. Importantly, our guidance does not – again, does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of Stahlgruber. We will come back and update our guidance once that transaction has closed. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication our 43,000 employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly our customers during the quarter. I am equally proud of our team's commitment to effectively manage the dynamics of the business, which they can control, while not losing focus on growing the business, developing our people, and continuously looking for opportunities to generate leverage and synergies from both our existing and recently acquired operations. Although we are facing some short-term headwinds, I am very confident in our team's ability to effectively implement their respective plans and continue to create significant value over the medium and longer term horizons. With that, operator, we are now ready to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning for taking my question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: I want to ask about North America. The margins, in particular you described the dynamic around some of the incongruities in inventory where you needed them or where you have them, but the 6.5% growth is well above, I think, what you or we expected. And so I'm wondering, as you move through the year, can you leverage that business in light of a stronger growth environment? And how do you manage through that inventory incongruity in terms of availability, as you move through the year?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Ben, good morning. It's Varun Laroyia speaking here. Listen, you had a great question and I think if you kind of go back to the fourth quarter discussion that we had where we had invested a significant sum into our North America inventory piece, it actually was the right decision looking back as we kind of previously mentioned in light of the strong organic revenue that we experienced. Interestingly, again the revenue growth was in our traditional crash box. So you look at bumpers, look at grills, things along those lines, which essentially paid off. So from that perspective, the inventory investment worked well. The other piece I will share with you is that during the quarter, we essentially – the net cash inflow from inventory was in North America off the back of the higher organic revenue, although Europe and Specialty was a net cash outflow due to the lower than expected sales.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And Ben, this is Nick. The reality is, we buy our inventory – our crash inventory, aftermarket inventory from Taiwan, as you know. We do that literally a couple of months in advance because it takes time not only to get it onto the ship but over to our facilities. Most of our aftermarket inventory is shipped directly to specific warehouses in the U.S. And so those purchases and those shipments were put in place back in Q4 absolutely in anticipation that we're going to have a normal winter. The reality is the winter hit harder in some places than other, and we actually had to spend a reasonable amount of money moving inventory around in the system, particularly getting it up into the Midwest and Northeast where there was significant demand for our product. That should dissipate because our expectation is that the winter storms are absolutely behind us, although some of them hit here in April in the Midwest, but they are behind us and we will go into a more normal cadence from a geographic perspective. And so we shouldn't have the same level of expense in getting the right parts to the right place to service our customers.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. And just one quick clarifier if I could ask on the guidance. When I'm looking at the bridge in your presentation, I see the year-over-year business growth went from $0.14 to $0.09, Andrew Page and Tamworth 2 went away, and then the tax reform rate went from $0.28 to $0.26, contributive to the bridge. I'd be curious, I may have missed this in your explanation, what happened there on the tax rate, and I think we've got an explanation on Andrew Page and T2. And then just on the exchange rate, the one last question there, we're at more favorable rates today than we were at the exit of fourth quarter, so why unchanged there on the $0.03 impact of exchange rates? Thanks.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. So essentially – let me start off with each of those elements that you mentioned. So the year-over-year business growth piece really is linked in with what we had initially anticipated coming through into our European segment. If you think about the T2 and the Andrew Page accretion that we had shared as part of guidance, which was about $0.03, basically that will not be taking place as of now based on the commentary that we shared a few minutes ago. In addition to that, if you think about some of the headwinds we faced in our North America business, we feel confident of being able to recover those, but in terms of the time that's gone by in Q1, we don't believe we can recover that at this point in time. And then with regards to the tax reform piece specifically at $0.28, so our overall tax rate is consistent at the 26% rate guidance that we had given essentially due to the lower earnings. Essentially that number kind of comes down by a couple of cents essentially. So, that's the kind of $0.28 to the $0.26 EPS from a tax reform piece. And then in terms of Andrew Page and T2, that gets eliminated in terms of what we had anticipated. And then the final piece, I think, you had mentioned was in terms of exchange rates, listen the exchange rates are flat versus what we've kind of given guidance. We kind of said that there'd be a $0.03 increase from the prior year. We picked up about $0.015 in Q1, but if you think about the two key trading currencies that we have, both the sterling and also the euro, that's one piece in terms of how the earnings are getting impacted in those markets, number one. And quite frankly, if you see as to where those two currencies are trading this week versus when we had given kind of guidance, they're roughly kind of flat. I think the sterling was at an average rate of about $1.38 at the beginning of the year, it's at $1.39 to $1.40. And then the only two other currencies that we have some fairly substantial trading in is the Canadian dollar which is down and then also the Czech koruna. So overall, the FX piece remains flat at the $0.03 versus what we had guided.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi gentlemen, and good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: If I may just ask a clarification first before I ask my question. I just want to make sure I heard you right, Nick, on your comment a moment ago. It sounded like you had your conference call for the fourth quarter on the 22nd of February, winter happened in March, costs happened in March and you corrected a lot of that in April. Am I hearing that correctly?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yes, Jamie. I mean the reality is we've set guidance during our fourth quarter call, which was late February. At that point in time, we had the January results closed, February was not closed, obviously March was not closed, the weather in the UK had not occurred, the weather impacting the Specialty business had not occurred, the issues at T2 were continuing to accelerate. We haven't really – we didn't put the final software patch in there until really a couple of weeks ago early April. And so if you want to think of it, the deterioration of the performance during the quarter accelerated as we went through.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: North America specifically though, Nick, if I could just drill in on that, 6.5% organic growth, let's say that holds in 2Q. Could we expect leverage in 2Q or is that unrealistic?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, I think, you were – probably as Varun indicated, the issues impacting gross margins will probably hang around a little bit longer because those are not quite fixed, those are more – it can take a little bit more time to get after. But some of the operating expenses, we shouldn't have the same level of freight and expense in moving product around the country in the second and third quarter like we had during the first quarter. I mean the reality is we were scrambling to satisfy the demand from all of our customers in those areas that had gotten really hit hard by the winter weather and accordingly had good demand for the products that we are selling. And indeed, when the body shops were full up, if you will, they were incredibly focused on cycle time, and there was a shift, there was no doubt. And that's why our aftermarket product grew at a significantly faster rate than the salvage products because we can – generally speaking, we can get that to the shops faster, same day sometimes, than our salvage product, particularly if the salvage product is coming from a different state or a different part of the region, if you will. But getting that product to the customers quickly has cost. So we do anticipate that we should pick up some benefit on the operating expense line in Q2, Q3.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Yeah. I know I burned through questions there, but – yeah, go ahead, sorry.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Sorry, Jamie, just to kind of add two key comments to what Nick just mentioned. One, in terms of Q2, the lingering operating costs on the T2 piece that will come through in Q2 also while we're seeing early signs of are actually stepping up, there will be some associated cost, so there's some lingering overhang from a European perspective specifically that I wanted to highlight. The other piece I wanted to talk to was in terms of the timing, and as to as Nick mentioned, January was on target, on budget and also the initial couple of weeks in Feb were on target also. As I kind of mentioned, we got hit by a couple of cents on our returns reserve and some very specific bad debts related to export revenue. Those kind of activities really take place on a quarterly basis and that really came through when we closed the quarter. So, that's the other piece I wanted to highlight, which obviously, from a timing perspective we would not have known because that was something that came through at the end of March.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Well, I've taken my share, guys. Thanks. I'll get back in queue. Appreciate your answers.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ryan.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: So let me ask a couple of questions on Europe. I think you said that sales have been rectified. Is that to mean that organic growth is back to that 4%-plus level here in April?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yes. The Varun's comment on sales being rectified really goes to ECP and some of the issues that we were having with the software in the automation and the like. And so we're all of 25 days into the quarter, but the last couple weeks, the revenue at ECP has been tracking to their original budget. We need to (00:47:21).
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, just on to the margins and profitability, I think you said that you're going to exist the year at more normal levels. So I just want wanted to be clear, do you think by 4Q, you've got all these issues behind you? That's the first part of the question. And then secondly, what do you define as normal EBITDA margins in Europe?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So we do anticipate by the end of the year we're going to be kind of back to historical levels in each of our operating businesses in Europe. Part of what you got to keep in mind is, when the issues start to occur and we needed to keep product moving through T2, the answer there was to bring in a fair amount of incremental labor to manually move some of the product around. As you know, in Europe, the cost of the central distribution centers gets capitalized into your cost of goods sold. So, all that – we have a lot of inventory on the shelves today that will end up getting turned, say, in the second quarter, that has that higher level of costs, so you're not going to see – while the revenue, we think, will come back nicely, you're not going to see an immediate pickup in gross margin until we turn that inventory that has all that temporary labor, if you will, embedded in the cost. By the time you get to Q4, all that inventory should have been sold through the system and the margins should pick up. The reality is we thought initially that Europe would have margins well into the 9% for the year, given the impact of Q1 and the fact it's going to take some time to kind of work through the issues in the UK, if you will, margins in Europe will probably be in the low to mid-8s on a EBITDA basis for the year as a whole.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Craig.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Craig.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. So really this is a board-level question that I think addresses questions that I'm getting from your shareholders. Basically the board historically has incentivized revenue growth, EPS growth and ROE, but with margin improvement seemingly elusive, has the board considered maybe resetting those incentives to align better with margin expansion and ROIC?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So the references that you made to revenue, EPS and ROE, that is one part of the overall compensation program for the senior folks here at LKQ and that's really the long-term incentive plan. And the other kind of incentives that we all work towards really go to, what we call our management incentive plan, the annual bonus plan, if you will, Craig, and on that it is entirely EPS-driven. In order to hit the EPS targets, we need to generate the margins that we're expecting for the year. So while it's not a direct tie to EBITDA margins, you can't hit the EPS estimates without hitting the margin estimates as well. So it is implicitly embedded in the fact that we need to generate good margins in order to get paid.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then along those lines, in Europe, I think the plan was to get to 10% EBITDA margins in the next 36 months, which would be 2020. Is that still a realistic target? Thank you.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes. Craig, it's Varun out here. Yes, listen, clearly Q1 was a step in the opposite direction, but in terms of our commitment to getting to the 10% EBITDA margin level for our European segment, that remains as is. Clearly, it means that we need to kind of get back, and based on the prior question that Nick answered, we were expecting Europe to actually tick a little bit higher than the 8.8% full year for 2017 based on T2 and also Andrew Page. Clearly with Q1 coming in at 7.3%, full year is, as Nick mentioned, between low to mid-8s. But in terms of the exit rate has to be higher based on the second half acceleration coming on segment EBITDA margins in Europe to help us get back on track to the 10% goal that we've previously stated.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: On the Specialty business, I think you said the word noise with Warn. Was Warn in your opinion sort of inflating the growth rates of Specialty and the number that we saw was more in line, and I guess in the sense that you called out RV as a softer category and related to weather, is there anything particularly going on in that space?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Bret, let me answer the first part of the question. So, with regards to Warn which we closed on the 1st of November, really the noise was associated with Q4 results with regards to the step up of the inventory as a result of acquisition accounting. So really this was the first full quarter that we had with the business being part of our family. In terms of the growth, that specifically does not get caught up in our organic growth. We actually called Warn out separately as acquisition growth. So really if you think and you back off that Warn acquisition, the organic growth that we called out at the kind of 30 bps, that basically is the kind of bifurcation to kind of think through the revenue growth piece of it. With regards to RV sales, let me kind of put it back to Nick to give you some sense on that.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So the RV sales were basically in line with the overall growth. I mean, none of the Specialty business, if you will, was dramatically higher or dramatically lower, if you will, than the overall organic, though it did drop off in March. And we think a fair amount of that had to do with the dislocation from the storms because particularly kind of in the traditional winter states, if you will, when all those snowstorms went rolling through, people weren't outfitting their RVs and the like. That may just be a timing issue and may come back, but we're being cautious in our outlook there, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then the impact from T2 on the UK business, sounds like you had out of stocks as well as a number of other issues over there and some weather. You used to talk about core store sales or stores open for more than 12 months in the ECP business. Can we get a feeling for how that business looked in the quarter and maybe what we're seeing in April? Are we seeing recovery in comp?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So the overall growth in the UK was flat year-over-year as I mentioned in my comments. And the reality is the traditional stores, these stores open more than a year were a little bit flat and the new stores didn't add a whole lot to the overall growth.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: And just to add one point, as you know, we obviously shut certain stores as part of the Andrew Page integration once we had the ability and the stay separate hold order was removed. We did shut 10 stores within the quarter also, which obviously shows as negative organic. So, just want to kind of highlight that piece.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So your comp was flat despite the disruption from the T2 out of stocks?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yes.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And T2 was back running – I guess, are we running T2 still or are we trying to fix T2 and running off of legacy distribution right now?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No, no, no, no. You got to understand, it's not like the T2 facility was totally shut down. All of our 225 branches, ECP branches in the UK are being fulfilled exclusively on the traditional service parts out of T2. It was on the margin, there were throughput issues with the facility. So I mean we're processing tens of thousands of fulfillment orders each and every day out of T2. The issue that was happening, Bret, is at some point in time, the trucks need to leave the distribution center to go replenish the branches so they have stock for the next day. We get orders all the way up into – replenishment orders all the way up to 5, 6 o'clock in the evening, the trucks leave by 8 o'clock in the evening. Some of those late orders weren't getting queued in in time and weren't getting picked. And so, that replenishment wasn't happening. And as you know, in the UK, over half of our revenue in the UK gets delivered within 60 minutes of when we get the call from the customer requesting a product. So if the product is not in the branch, it's not going to get sold and it was just on the margin, there were some fast-moving parts that didn't get picked in time, didn't hit the delivery truck and weren't in the branch in the next day, okay? It's not like T2 was down for days at a time. Nothing could be further from the truth. It was just the throughput wasn't as strong as it was designed to be, okay? And we were putting software patches in as we are proceeding through the quarter trying to fix the issue working hand in hand obviously with our outside vendors who help design and install the entire system. You all see the T2 facility in action on our Analyst Day on the 31st of May because we're holding it over at T2. You're going to see it is a massive facility. And so we're just on the margin, we were out of stock in certain parts and so instead of fulfilling our branches at 99.9% of the time, we were fulfilling the branches at a slightly lower rate and that had an impact on revenue. Again based on the two weeks of data that we have from when that last software patch was put into place, the revenue at T2, the fulfillment, the stocking levels all seem to be holding with the original budget. So we have confidence that the revenue will come back. It's not lost forever. We do though have inventory in the shelves that include all that incremental cost. So it's going to take some time to bleed through. And so we won't get the same – the pickup on the gross margin line won't be as pickup on the revenue line. Hopefully, that helps.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, thanks. That does. Thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
David Kelly - JPMorgan Asset Management: Hey, good morning, guys. It's David Kelly on for Ryan. Just a couple of quick ones for me, and I guess just first trying to bridge the gap between your North American organic growth and the CCC data you referenced, and I know you've spoken about the shifting vehicle population within your age sweet spot, how it's been a headwind for you. Do you think we're reaching that inflection point where the vehicle age mix is again either a positive now or will be a positive in the next, call it, 12 months or so? And then just as a follow-up, how do you view or what's your view on underlying collision repair demand in 2018?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So we don't see huge shifts in the car park, which is I think where your question was headed. Clearly as we've included in our standard investor materials that sweet spot, if you will, in 2018 as we've said for some time is coming back into our favor, if you will. And you think about the number of cars that are in that 3- to 10-year timeframe, which is really the sweet spot for collision products, if you will. Again, there are big, big regional differences in the CCC data as relates to the growth. And those states that I talked about, think about the high population Snow Belt winter states, we had exceptionally strong results. The West and the Southeast were – we still had growth, but not as high. But when you think about the 6.5% organic, again about 100 basis points of that came from that new program that we have in distributing batteries, which says everything else was up 5.5%. The core aftermarket collision product was up well north – well north of the 5.5%. Engines and transmissions were in that 5% to 6% range. Collision product from salvage, again because people were buying more aftermarket than salvage, was kind of in the lower single digits. Our glass business was double digits, which was terrific. Some of the product lines that have been slow growers over the past several quarters continue to be slow growers. Paint was flat. Paint accessories if you think about sandpaper and Bondo and tools and the like was down just a little bit. Cooling continued to be negative, if you will. But again, it was a terrific quarter from a overall North American revenue perspective. Again, Mother Nature absolutely helped this out because the winter was – from our perspective, particularly in the Snow Belt states whereas a – for us a better than average winter, more severe winter, which leads to more collisions. And the CCC data would absolutely support that with a number of those states having repairable claims in the 5% to 6% growth rate, if you will. The Western, Southwest and the Southeast, most of those states were actually negative year-over-year. So we're comfortable that North America will continue to grow nicely for the rest of the year. I'm not going to say that we're going to be able to do 6.5% because we know that Mother Nature helped us, but we think it's going to remain very healthy. And we think that's in part because of our competitive position, in part because of the continued soft tailwinds related to the car park and the sweet spot. The reality is we think alternative part usage is again trending up just a little bit at a time but every little bit helps, and then obviously a good weather condition. So, hopefully, that answers your question.
David Kelly - JPMorgan Asset Management: Yeah. That's great. I really appreciate all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: (01:04:01) for giving me the chance to ask the questions. So, Nick, I have an AB kind of my – on my read-through what you're saying is that the top line is going to be okay relative to your original expectations. You're bearing more costs to execute that for the reasons you've said, I think that's accurate. Specifically to 2Q, am I right reading through that 2Q EBITDA in North America and again Europe will be up versus 1Q on a margin basis, but down year-over-year? But I'll reverse the negatives, it gradually starts lifting each subsequent quarter to finish the year at the levels you've adjusted to. Is that the right way to think about what I'm hearing?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Well, again, Michael, as you know, we don't provide quarterly guidance if you will. But traditionally, you can see how our margins flow from a quarter-to-quarter basis. We would anticipate that those quarterly flows, if you will, will occur if you're in 2018 as well, particularly in North America.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So I just want to make sure do you expect the trend sequentially to improve?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: We think that the traditional trends of how margins flow throughout the year will be consistent in 2018. Last year, if you will, between Q1 and Q2, Q1 was 14.6% and Q2 was 14.4%, so pretty close to the same. We would probably expect something similar where Q2 margins would be very similar to Q1 margins here in 2018. We may get a little bit of a pickup as I indicated on the operating expense line, but again some of the programs we're putting in place aren't going to fully catch hold until the back half of the year.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's the clarity I was trying to get. And then one last follow-up, this is a tough question, but I got to ask it. So, what was the message you were giving about the outlook for the business when you were in the bond market at the end of March or beginning of April?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Taken as a whole, our business continues to be incredibly strong. Our credit stats even with – the softness in Q1, the credit stats really don't move it hardly at all. I mean our leverage ratios and the like aren't as impacted by $0.01 here or there in EPS. And obviously, we were able to price on a very attractive basis.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. And Michael again just to add to what Nick just said, apart from the credit stats, the overall underlying cash flow generation of the business, that continues to move in the right direction. So even in a sequential quarter basis Q4 going into Q1, we kind of more than doubled our overall free cash flow in any case. Nothing has been impacted from that perspective, all the kind of inventory that we had invested in in the fourth quarter in North America with growth coming through actually was a net cash inflow from the inventory piece of it. So the underlying credit stats, the underlying improving credit history the company has, the underlying cash generation abilities of the business, nothing has changed from that perspective. And the bigger picture of things, we had a pretty robust outlook in any case. And over the long term, we price two tranches, 8 years and 10 years. We are building the business for the long term and we believe that that will continue.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So just to be clear, you told the bond market, when you're in the market that you're going to have a soft first quarter, but showed them all the good fundamental credit trends and that's why – because it priced well, but they knew that you had a soft first quarter.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No. The bond market, Michael, is much less focused on quarter-to-quarter earnings. There were no discussions about quarterly flow when we were on the roadshow.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I just wanted to make sure I understood that. Okay, thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Mr. Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, we thank everyone for your time here today. I know we ran a little bit long, but given the release, we wanted to make sure we could get to everybody's questions. Again, we need to leave this conversation recognizing that LKQ is a very strong company. We are very optimistic about the prospects of our company, not only just for the rest of the year, but for a long time to come. We have the preeminent competitive position in almost every business that we have around the globe, and we've got 43,000 people working hard to service our customers each and every day. We run into some headwinds, we understand that, we have plans in place to make corrections. It's not going to happen overnight, but we're very confident in our ability to get back to our traditional levels of growth and profitability in each of our businesses. And that's the message I'd leave with you here this morning. So again, we thank you for your time and your participation in our call, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Tamworth at the end of May for our Analyst Day and then obviously chatting with you again in July when we report our second quarter results. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp. Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to LKQ Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I'll now turn the call over to Joe Boutross, LKQ's Vice President of Investor Relations.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full-year 2017 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Also note that guidance for 2018 is based on current market conditions and does not include any results for the pending Stahlgruber acquisition. We will update guidance for the balance of the year once the Stahlgruber transaction closes. Adjusted figures exclude the impact of restructuring and acquisition related expenses, amortization expense related to acquired intangibles, excess tax benefits and deficiencies from stock-based payments, adjustments to the estimated tax reform provisions booked in 2017, losses on debt extinguishment and gains and losses related to acquisitions or divestitures. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we've filed with the SEC earlier today, and as normal, we are planning to file or 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. We are delighted to share the results of our most recent quarter with you, which from our perspective represented a solid close to a strong year. Importantly, the fourth quarter highlighted excellent momentum in our business, particularly in our North American segment. I will provide some high level comments on the quarter and then Varun will dig in a bit further into the segments and related financial details before we discuss our guidance for 2018. All in all, we believe Q4 was a strong quarter for our company, and we are very pleased with the results. As noted on slide 3, consolidated revenue was $2.470 billion, a 15% increase over the $2.15 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of last year. Total revenue growth from parts and services was 14.3%. Importantly, organic revenue growth in parts and services on a global basis was 4.8% during the fourth quarter. As mentioned in the last call, very few companies in our sector are generating organic growth at this level. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.41 in Q4 of 2017 as compared to $0.31 for the comparable period of 2016, an increase of 32%. As Varun will discuss, the 2017 results reflect one-time benefits associated with the Tax Reform Act. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, which among other items, excludes the impact of the tax law change was $0.41 compared to $0.35 for the same period of 2016, reflecting a 17% year-over-year increase. Now, let's turn to the operating highlights. As you'll note from slide 5, total parts and services revenue for our North American segment grew 6.8% in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to the comparable quarter of 2016. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for our North American segment during the quarter was 5.0%. We clearly ended the year on a high note, as the same day organic growth rates for the four quarters of 2017 were 1.8%, 2.8%, 4.0% and 5.0%, respectively, demonstrating the momentum gained as we progress throughout the year. As witnessed for several quarters now, we continue to grow our parts and services revenue faster than the repair market as a whole. According to CCC, collision and liability-related auto claims on a national basis were up 3.5% in the fourth quarter of 2017. So, our organic growth of 5% in Q4, again, reflects an outperformance relative to the market as a whole. This continued growth gives us confidence as we move into 2018, particularly as we appear to be in the midst of a more normalized winter here in the United States. In addition, with repair cycle times up nearly one full day over the past two years, plus the ongoing increases in the average cost per part and the hourly labor rates per repair, the value proposition of our alternative parts continues to be attractive to the insurance carriers. We are also optimistic about our North American operations due to the favorable trends relating to more vehicles falling into our collisions sweet spot. Also, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, our performance in Q4 was achieved, while miles driven in the United States was up only 1.1% on a nationwide basis in November. With miles driven in the Northeast only up nine-tenths of 1% and actually down seven-tenths of 1% in the north central region, both in part markets for our North American business. Notably, during 2017, our North American segment generated the best growth in EBITDA margins we've achieved in the past five years. I could not be more proud of the effort of our North American team. As discussed last quarter, we anticipated that the two hurricanes in Q3 would create an opportunity to increase our bidding and procurement activities of high value total loss vehicles. And indeed, we increased vehicle purchases, which as Varun will discuss, added a temporary increase to our working capital and a reduction in operating cash flow. Similar to what happened in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy in 2012, we believe these enhanced inventory levels will foster the continued growth of our recycling business. Turning to our ongoing intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Services, the revenue and number of aftermarket purchase orders processed through the CCC platform during the fourth quarter each grew 30% and 26%, respectively, year-over-year. So, good growth with this program. Regarding PGW, during Q4, we integrated four PGW branches into existing LKQ facilities, bringing the total number of PGW integrations to 15 since we acquired the business. I am also happy to announce that during Q4, PGW was awarded an exclusive agreement with Mopar, a parts division of Fiat Chrysler Automotive for the distribution of Mopar batteries through their dealer network, with the first battery having been delivered in January. So today, PGW is now the exclusive OE supplier of aftermarket glass and batteries to all Mopar dealerships. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total parts and services revenue growth of 24.6%. Importantly, organic revenue for parts and services witnessed growth of 5.0% during the quarter. The operations in Eastern Europe again led the way with double-digit organic growth. Operations open for more than a year accounted for approximately 75% of Europe's reported organic growth, while the locations open less than a year added the balance. Acquisitions in Europe added an additional 11.3% to revenue growth during the fourth quarter of 2017, while the strengthening of the euro and sterling during the quarter resulted in a FX increase of just over 8%. During Q4, we opened a total of 15 new branches in Europe, including six new locations in Western Europe and nine in Eastern Europe. Also during the quarter, we rebranded six additional P.R. REILLY locations in the Republic of Ireland over to the ECP trading name. By the end of Q4, all P.R. REILLY branches were successfully transferred from their legacy operating system onto the ECP trading platform. With respect to our T2 project, I am pleased to announce that as of year-end, all of our ECP branches were being replenished out of T2. We have started the process of rationalizing two of our smaller warehouse facilities in the UK, with one being closed at year-end 2017 and the other scheduled to close by mid-2018. With respect to Andrew Page, the CMA released its final findings in early November. And as anticipated, it included a requirement for us to divest only nine branches. In addition, we were finally able to formally begin the integration process of the remaining branches beginning in early January. To that end, we are actively seeking buyers for the selected branches to divest. And we have already closed an additional 10 branches that simply did not perform well during the extended CMA review process. So, we are moving forward with the remaining 80 branches with a goal of having them all fulfilled out of T2 by early in the third quarter of 2018. We will continue to work through the rationalization process of the Andrew Page infrastructure during the remainder of 2018. While we believe we will be able to move the Andrew Page operation to monthly breakeven by the end of the year, given the delay imposed by the CMA and being able to actively manage the business, Andrew Page will likely lose money for the full year of 2018, albeit at a lower rate than in 2017. And finally our Specialty segment continued to capitalize on the favorable trends in truck, SUV and RV sales by achieving organic revenue growth of 3.6% during the fourth quarter. To help support this continued growth, during Q4 our Specialty team began the build out of a new 450,000-square foot distribution facility in Southern California, with a targeted opening in Q2 of 2018. This warehouse should allow us to offer both improved service levels and better inventory availability for our customers in certain key geographic markets. As noted on slide 9, our corporate development activities have continued in earnest as evidenced by our acquisition of five businesses during the fourth quarter. The largest transaction was the previously announced acquisition of Warn Industries which closed in early November. In addition to Warn, during Q4, we acquired an aftermarket parts distributor in Bosnia and Herzegovina, an aftermarket parts distributor in the Netherlands, and automotive glass distributors in Kansas and New Jersey. The big news in Q4 was the December announcement related to the acquisition of Stahlgruber, the leading aftermarket parts distributor in Germany. We are currently working through the anti-trust process with the relevant European regulators and are cautiously optimistic that we will be able to close the transaction in the second quarter of 2018. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun who will run through the details of the segment results.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Well, thanks Nick, and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today. Nick touched on a few of the key financial stats. I will take you through the more detailed review of the consolidated and segment results for the quarter and also cover current liquidity. Nick described the trends behind our reported revenue of $2.47 billion in the quarter. So let me start with our consolidated gross margin for the same period. As noted on slide 12 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was down 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 38.4%. We saw some softness in Europe due to incremental costs related to the T2 facility and a negative mix impact with a greater percentage of the business growth coming from Eastern Europe, which, as we've previously discussed, has a lower margin structure. Partially offsetting this movement, we continued to see solid margin improvement in our North America segment, primarily in our salvage operations. Segment EBITDA totaled $253 million for the fourth quarter, reflecting a $31-million or 14% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was flat year-over-year at 10.3%. We saw a 50-basis point increase in our operating expenses and I will cover this in further detail as part of the segment results. Non-operating items were favorable by about $4 million versus the prior year. Each period contained a non-recurring income item as Q4 2017 included a $4-million downward adjustment to our contingent consideration liabilities and Q4 2016 reflected a gain on bargain purchase of $8 million related to the Andrew Page acquisition. We have excluded both of these items out of adjusted income from continuing ops and adjusted diluted EPS. Other non-operating income in the fourth quarter increased by approximately $8 million and includes foreign exchange gains and losses and various other income items such as late payment fees. The vast majority of the variance relates to foreign exchange as Q4 2016 featured negative impact from the weakening pound sterling and the euro, while these currencies strengthened against the dollar in the comparable quarter of 2017. During the fourth quarter, we experienced a $2-million increase in restructuring costs, compared to the prior year, and a $6-million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, largely due to recent acquisitions. With that, operating income for the fourth quarter was up about $6 million or roughly 4% when compared to the same period in 2016. Interest expense at $27 million for the quarter was up about 14%, primarily due to higher average borrowings. Pre-tax income during the fourth quarter of 2017 was $150 million, up $6 million or 4.5% compared to the prior year. Moving to income taxes, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December created a significant opportunity for the business and a boatload of additional work for our tax and accounting teams over the past few months, a special call out to them for the incredible personal leadership and commitment in working long hours through the various elements of the tax reform that will benefit us for a long time. I'll split the discussion on taxes into two key elements. One the go forward rate for 2018, and two the effect on the fourth quarter results. First and more importantly, we expect the U.S. tax reform to have a favorable impact on our 2018 results. With the lower U.S. corporate tax rate, we provisionally estimate that our global effective tax rate will be approximately 26% in 2018. We expect this change to have a meaningful benefit to our earnings and cash flows, and Nick will comment on the specifics when he covers the 2018 annual guidance shortly. Second, there was an immediate impact on the 2017 financials related to tax reform. Our Q4 and full year provision reflects a $73-million tax benefit due to the revaluation of our net deferred tax liabilities in the U.S. And going the other direction, we recorded a $51-million tax provision related to the transition or repatriation tax on foreign earnings and profits. This provision reflects our current estimates of liability. The revaluation of deferred taxes is a non-cash item. The repatriation tax will be payable over an eight-year period. The net $22 million benefit related to the Tax Act is reflected in our GAAP diluted EPS, but is excluded from the calculation of our adjusted diluted EPS. Our base effective tax rate was roughly flat year-over-year at 34.75%. As Nick referenced earlier, diluted EPS from continuing operations attributable to LKQ stockholders for the fourth quarter was up 32.3%, while adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, a tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation and the Tax Act reflected is 17.1% improvement. For the full year, diluted EPS from continuing ops attributable to LKQ stockholders was $1.74, up 18.4% compared to the $1.47 reported for 2016. And adjusted EPS for the year was $1.88 or 11.2% higher than the $1.69 reported last year. Turning to the segments on slide 15. Gross margins in North America during the fourth quarter were 43.5%, up 20 basis points over last year. The strong results reflected the benefits of procurement initiatives in our salvage operations, partially offset by reductions in our aftermarket business due to higher input costs. Operating expenses in our North American segment increased by 70 basis points compared to the prior year. This includes a benefit of about 40 basis points from eliminating shared PGW corporate costs after the sale of the OEM business in March of 2017. The increase primarily related to personnel costs, including rising medical costs and some wage pressure, and also an increased head count to support the continued growth in the business. Non-operating income and expenses had a positive impact on segment EBITDA of 40 basis points due to favorable foreign exchange gains and losses, and insurance recovery, and increase miscellaneous income. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the fourth quarter of 2017 was $153 million, a 10.4% increase over last year. As a percentage of revenue segment EBITDA was 12.7% in Q4 up 20 basis points from the 12.5% reported in the comparable period of 2016. While the margin was down sequentially in Q4, this is consistent with the average rate we have experienced in the fourth quarter in North America over the previous five years. Overall, we are very, very proud of the North America leadership team's effort in bringing home a very strong quarter and year. Moving to slide 17. Scrap prices were up 38% over the prior year and flat in Q4 relative to Q3. The benefit from scrap reflects the sequential movement in pricing, as car costs will generally follow the scrap prices higher or lower over time. So we didn't see an appreciable benefit in Q4 as the average price was flat sequentially and car costs had adjusted to the scrap price change in Q3. Moving to our European segment on slide 18. Gross margins in Europe were 35.7% in Q4, a 40-basis point decline over the comparable period of 2016. I'd like to highlight a shift between COGS and operating expenses in our ECP business owing to the transition of T2 costs into COGS in 2017. And obviously there was an offsetting reduction flowing through ECP's overhead expenses. As discussed in prior calls, we have also experienced a decline in gross margin due to the mix shift in favor of lower margin, albeit higher growth Eastern European operations. And as you know, the team has been working hard on procurement initiatives across the European business, including negotiating consolidated rebate and discount programs with suppliers. And those efforts partially offset the decreases by producing a 30-basis point improvement in the quarter versus the prior year on this specific initiative. With respect to operating expenses, we experienced a 30-basis point increase on a consolidated European basis quarter-over-quarter. European expenses relating to Andrew Page were lower in the fourth quarter than the prior year, and the previously mentioned shift of T2 cost to COGS in 2017 also helped the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Working in the opposite direction, operating expenses in the Benelux region were 120 basis points unfavorable in Q4 of 2017, comprising largely one-time impacts, and so we expect going forward to see a lesser quarter-over-quarter change in that part of the European business. Non-operating income and expenses had a positive impact of 40 basis points in 2017 due to favorable foreign exchange gains and losses. So segment EBITDA totaled $78 million, a 22% increase over the prior year. On a constant currency basis, this equated to an increase of 13%. As a percentage of revenue, European segment EBITDA in the fourth quarter was 8% versus 8.2% a year ago. Moving to slide number 21, the Specialty segment had a solid quarter both on the top line, organic revenue growth and the Warn Industries related acquisition growth, but also the bottom line, despite some pressure on operating expenses. You'll recall that we closed the Warn acquisition on November 1, with the business adding an iconic brand to our portfolio and contributing financially with a higher EBITDA percentage than the rest of the Specialty segment. You will note that the reported gross margin percentage only increased by 10 basis points. However, the reported figure includes a negative 120-basis point impact of an inventory step up adjustment related to the Warn acquisition that flowed through COGS in the fourth quarter and will end once that inventory has flowed through before the end of the first quarter of 2018. Operating expenses were higher relative to the prior year, with the primary variances related to higher freight expense in 2017 and a non-recurring benefit related to the settlement of a contingent liability in 2016 that exacerbated the year-over-year comparable. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $23 million, up 13.1% from Q4 of 2016. And as a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was up 10 basis points to 7.8%. Specialty is a highly seasonal business and the fourth quarter is typically our softest. Consistent with a normal seasonal patterns, we saw segment EBITDA margin decreased 280 basis points sequentially, though it is important to note that this was significantly better than the prior year when the decrease was approximately 300 basis points. Moving on to capital allocation. As presented on slide number 23, you will note that our cash outflow from continuing operations for 2017 was approximately $523 million. The lower than expected operating cash flow is directly related to an increase in inventory build to support the accelerating organic growth in our North America segment and favorable buying conditions for our salvage operations in the fourth quarter. We had invested a net cash investment of approximately $93 million through September, and we invested a further $106 million in the fourth quarter. We don't anticipate needing significant additional investments for inventory in 2018, and this will contribute to an increase in cash flow from operations, as Nick will reference when we go through the 2018 annual guidance. Overall, we feel confident that we are well-positioned going into 2018 to provide best-in-class customer service and achieve our growth targets. Capital spending ended on the low side of our guidance range, with some projects deferred into 2018, which explains a portion of the expected increase included in our guidance for the new year. In 2017, we deployed $682 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $175 million to fund capital expenditures, and the net $507 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. The largest capital changes reflect the net pay down of almost $113 million of debt, largely funded by the proceeds derived from the sale of the PGW glass manufacturing business in March of 2017. Moving on to slide number 24, we amended our bank credit facility in December, adding $300 million dollars of capacity on our revolver, extending the maturity by a further two years to January 2023, and revising certain financial covenants to create greater flexibility when completing acquisitions. As of December 31, 2017, we had about $3.4 billion of total debt outstanding and approximately $280 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $3.1 billion or 2.7 times last 12 months EBITDA. We have nearly $1.4 billion of availability on our line of credit, which together with our cash yields a total liquidity of approximately $1.7 billion. As noted, when we announced the agreement to announce (30:27) Stahlgruber last December, we intend to finance the acquisition with the proceeds from planned debt offerings, borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility and the direct issuance to Stahlgruber's owner of approximately $8 million newly issued shares of LKQ common stock. The timing of the borrowings and the amounts to be drawn from the debt offerings and the revolver are to be determined and will depend on the timing of the expected closing of the transaction, currently anticipated to be in Q2 and market conditions at such time. And finally before I turn it back to Nick, I do want to highlight a change that we will be making in our 2018 reporting. After considering the changing profile of our business, we determined that the split of our operating expenses into three categories was no longer relevant to the business, and equally importantly brings us in line with others in both the automotive parts and distribution sectors. As a result, we will collapse facility and warehouse expenses, distribution expenses, and SG&A expenses into a single overhead category. Though please be assured, we will still continue to provide comments on the call and other discussions regarding the drivers within our operating expenses, but also with a focus on the type of expense, for example, labor, rent, freight rather than just the category. With that, I'll turn it back to Nick to share additional details on the tax reform benefit and our annual guidance for 2018.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Varun. As Varun just mentioned, we anticipate a meaningful reduction in our effective tax rate, that when compared to the rate in 2017 will save LKQ approximately $85 million, representing an increase in earnings per share of approximately $0.28 in 2018. Since the company was founded in 1998, the focus has been to reinvest all the free cash flow back into the business to support our growth. That will be the case with the majority of the enhanced free cash flow resulting from the tax savings. We will, however, utilize a portion of the benefit to invest in our people and the communities in which we operate, through a series of long-term benefit enhancements and other programs, primarily in the U.S. These include enhancements to our healthcare, retirement, and PTO benefit programs. We are also funding some employee-focused education programs and will be establishing the LKQ foundation as a tax efficient vehicle to support our communities. In total, the annual cost of these programs will be about $20 million or $0.05 a share. It's important to recognize that while the tax savings will be incorporated into the tax provision, the funding of these important programs will increase operating expenses, slightly reducing the margins of our North American and Specialty segments. But the net benefit is significant with an estimated uptick of approximately $0.23 a share in 2018. Slide 26 sets forth our annual guidance for 2018. It is important to note that this guidance does not, I repeat does not, include the impact of the pending acquisition of Stahlgruber. We will update guidance after the transaction closes. As you will note, we believe global organic revenue growth of parts and services will be in the range of 4.0% to 6.0%, with the midpoint up a bit from the 4.1% achieved in 2017. The year-over-year improvement is largely due to an anticipated uptick in North American growth during 2018 reflecting the positive momentum associated with the strong Q4 2017 results. Also, for those building quarterly models, in 2018, there is one additional selling day in North America that falls in Q4. Again, these growth rates are well above the typical automotive parts distributor. The range for our adjusted diluted earnings per share is $2.30 to $2.40 a share, with a midpoint of $2.35 which reflects a 25% increase over 2017. Again, approximately $0.28 of the increase is attributable to the impact of the Tax Reform Act which will reduce the global effective tax rate to approximately 26%. And as mentioned, we will reinvest about $0.05 in programs that support our employees and the communities. Cash flow from operations is estimated at $650 million to $700 million reflecting a significant increase from 2017. The increase reflects a higher level of profits, the impact of the Tax Reform Act, and effective working capital management by selling down the higher year-end inventory levels. The working capital swings between 2017 and 2018 are not dissimilar to those experienced during 2014 and 2015. The increase in capital spending in 2018 to $250 million to $280 million is reflective of several items including the general growth of the business, a carryover of below budgeted spending in 2017. The addition of acquired businesses, particularly Warn, which has slightly higher capital requirements, several large expansion projects within the North American Salvage and aftermarket infrastructure, and as mentioned, the new facility for the Specialty segment. In addition, we have identified a few large IT projects that we anticipate will be initiated during the year. The guidance reflects an effective tax rate of 26% and exchange rates that are reflective of the market environment here early in 2018. Slide 27 sets forth a schedule that bridges the projected 25% increase in adjusted earnings per share from the $1.88 reported for 2017 to the midpoint of the 2018 guidance of $2.35. As you can see, about $0.14 represents an increase in profitability of the base business, we pick up $0.03 from the UK, reflecting a recapture of some of the duplicative cost associated with the Tamworth project and eliminating some of the losses at Andrew Page, and the full year impact of the 2017 acquisitions adds another $0.04 a share. Assuming the recent weakness in the dollar holds, currencies will add about $0.03 a share and then we pick up the $0.28 from the lower tax rate, offset by the $0.05 of investment into employee and community programs. In summary, the fourth quarter reflected a solid all-around performance for LKQ and it sets the stage for another good year in 2018 as we enter the year with positive momentum. Our organic growth is strong, margin's healthy and the new tax law will materially improve our already strong cash flow dynamics. We have a terrific acquisition waiting to close and plenty of liquidity to capitalize on additional corporate development activities. Taken as a whole, LKQ is in a great position. These terrific results reflect the collective efforts of our more than 43,000 employees around the globe who are working hard to serve our customers every day. I would like to personally thank each of them for their dedication and for being LKQ proud. Operator, we are now ready to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Benjamin Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: I want to ask about North American organic growth, obviously really nice results in 4Q, and in the context of broader strong results across organic parts and services growth. We've got a more normal winter as you alluded to, to start the year. Curious about your expectations for that organic growth rate, in particular and kind of the glide path we should expect embedded within your overall organic growth rate guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Ben. This is Nick. We anticipate that North American organic will be in that 4% to 6% range, with a chance of being kind of north of the midpoint. We've had a great fourth quarter where we posted a 5% organic. I think it's important to recognize that our core products, think about our salvage products and our Keystone aftermarket products, the new products in a box, if you will, they were actually up north of 6% in the quarter. We are still feeling some softness in a couple of product categories. Paint was up only 1%. The good news there is that's the first quarter in the last five quarters where paint actually had a positive growth rate. And then wheels and cooling our still a little bit on the negative side. So net-net, we're feeling good about North American organic and so we basically included a kind of a 4% to 6% range into the overall guidance.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, great. And then some of the operating expenses were a bit more pronounced than we are expecting in 4Q, in particular facility and warehouses expenses. Varun, I think in your prepared comments, as you walked through the slide deck, you pointed to the Benelux operating expenses, the 120-basis point headwind, some portion of that being one-time versus structural. But could you quantify that and then just help us think about what of the expense pressure in the quarter was structural versus transitory?
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, no, absolutely. Hey Ben, good morning, it's Varun (42:06). Great question and appreciate it. So in terms of talking about operating expenses, personnel costs essentially in many instances in North America cracked the higher organic activity that we had. So apart from having to recruit more people, having to invest further into our inventory, we also had to pay slightly higher rates. And then on top of that, we had a higher level of medical claims expenses here in North America. Freight for the full year was up 20 basis points, but really kind of muted in the fourth quarter as such. This is again North America specifically. So North America the vast majority of that higher expense really was supporting the higher activity that we experienced as – on the – off the back of the organic growth momentum that was coming through. On the European side, if you think about the Benelux piece as we call that, really two key factors. The first is the one-time piece and it basically is essentially related to costs that get capitalized into inventory and then become part of that inventory cost, it gets offloaded when we sell that inventory, so there was a catch up that took place out there, which essentially – so that was about 70 basis points of the 120 basis points, so the vast majority of that. And then the second one really is – and so I don't expect that to be a structural change, it was more transitory. We don't expect that to be on a go-forward basis. And then the second one is more structural. The remainder of it really is in the Benelux, as we called out last quarter going from a three-step to a two-step model, where we have a higher gross margin rate. But then associated with that, we also have a higher OpEx that comes along with it. The net EBITDA margin is still good for us, and kind of falls within our parameters where we would invest. But there is a structural change and that will continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a solid fourth quarter.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Maybe just a follow on to that prior question on leverage. If we can dial in to North America specifically, you've talked about – Nick specifically you've talked about initiatives you've been working on for the last couple years to try and streamline operations. And then in your prepared remarks, if I heard correctly (44:37) there's sort of this – you're embarking on this IT expenditure. Could you just sort of help us understand is 2018 going to be a greater opportunity to show some leverage in the business or are we still in an investment pattern here from North America's perspective?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Jamie, we're expecting the margins in North America to tick up just a bit, but we are investing heavily into the business because we think there's great growth prospects for many years in the North American business, some of that goes directly to the uptick in capital spending that we noted. CapEx in North America is going to be up the better part of $65 million to $70 million. Some of that relates to some IT initiatives, but the bulk of it is really expanding our capacity within our salvage and aftermarket infrastructure. You can only push so many cars through a salvage facility before you have to get more land to expand your processing capabilities and the like, because the alternative to actually run more cars through the facility is to increase the cycle time, which means the cars are sitting out in the yards for a fewer number of days and you end up crushing a bunch of great parts that otherwise could be sold. So we're investing into the North American business and you can see that in our capital spending plans. We do think that we still have some room to go on some of our productivity initiatives. We are largely through the benefits, but there's a little bit of extra room, things like our Roadnet and our procurement and other kind of spending initiatives, if you will.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yes. And then just to add to what you just said a few minutes ago. So, Jamie as you think about some of the cost (46:34) a few we know was up through the course of the year. But essentially as part of the investment, in terms of the efficiency programs that we've got underway, call it the Roadnet route optimization piece that Nick referred to, of that matter (46:47) continue to upgrade our fleet to newer and more fuel efficient vehicle, that essentially largely mitigated some of those expenses. Again, there's some smart investments that we continue to make. And then the other piece that I do want to highlight is that when you kind of think about the go-forward margins, the tax reform benefit and the partial reinvestment of $0.05 that we called out, that is largely here for our U.S. domestic teams, so that will flow back into the 2018 margin profile. So just wanted to kind of highlight that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. I wanted to ask about T2 and Andrew Page. I know in the past you've talked about an $0.08 drag from those operations in 2017. It sounds like you're going to claw back about $0.03 of that. Can we still look at 2019 and say that should be a clean year, where you get a full $0.08 benefit or a net 5% increase over 2017 – or 2018?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Craig and thanks for the call. Yeah, we are excited about the T2 project. It's operating well. It came in from a cost perspective right on-time, it's ramping up pretty much as anticipated, if you will. Once we get these other two facilities closed and totally rationalized, we will begin to fully get the benefit. So yes, we're going to pick-up a couple cents a share in 2018 of those duplicative cost, and by 2019, we should be pretty well through and – kind of that what you would call the duplicative cost. And in 2020, we'll be generating some really – really good returns for us. You
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: You got a question on Andrew Page?
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well, I thought collectively those two would contribute around $0.08 when those one-time or those temporary costs go away, but we're only getting $0.03 of that back and I'm guessing that when we look at 2019, we'll see the full $0.08 benefit?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Our expectation is by the end of 2018 the Andrew Page operation will be breakeven. Obviously, our goal is to get it actually into profitability. And so by 2019, we will collect the entirety of the $0.03 loss that we incurred this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Could you talk about the purchasing synergies you're seeing, I think you said 30 basis points maybe from – on the European consolidation and I thought Mekonomen Group maybe talked about in their earnings call a week or two ago about joining sort of maybe it sounds like a buying group with you guys. So where are we as far as consolidating the supply chain? And I guess as you think about adding the Stahlgruber business, what are the thoughts as far as consolidating some of the management overhead and the operational side of the European business?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So, I'll start Bret, the purchasing savings that we're seeing roll through are largely coming out of the initiatives that we started post the Rhiag acquisition back in mid-2016. We are getting a good response and good support from our vendor partners, if you will, and those savings are accruing. We haven't really started anything of note as relate with our – with respect to Mekonomen, but we will begin some programs there, as they announced, in 2018 which should benefit both organizations. Obviously, we anticipate another kind of step up in procurement benefits once we are able to close and begin to integrate the Stahlgruber team because they bring $1.6 billion of incremental revenue and probably close to €1 billion of incremental procurement to the overall LKQ Europe network. And we will be working collectively with the Stahlgruber team, and again with our vendor partners to try and really get the benefits of being the largest procurer of aftermarket parts in Europe by a wide margin. As it relates to integration of kind of back office and items related to the Stahlgruber transaction, that's something that will take much longer to participate. Our goal just as it has been with ECP, Sator and Rhiag is not to disrupt the day to day management and the customer interface because this is very much a local business, even though we have a global platform, the daily activities are local, and we want to make sure we keep our service commitments to our local customer base. Having said that over time, we do have plans, broader plans to do some integration as it relates to broader kind of corporate services. One of the things we need to do to make that happen, though, is to kind of normalize the IT systems. Right now, most of our European operations operate on different IT systems. So, we noted in the call that we're going to be spending more money on IT in 2018 than ever before, and part of that is to begin the journey and it is a multi-year journey ultimately to bring our European operations to a common platform.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: And then Nick just to add – Jamie (53:08) I think your second part was about the LKQ Europe, stitching together that piece. So in addition to what Nick said, listen, as you know we have a LKQ Europe CEO, LKQ Europe CFO, a European CIO, things along those lines and that really is the team. It's a small team but that's the one that is continuing to bring together each of these synergy opportunities, be they procurement or cost related. And this way around, our in-market national businesses, they are free to continue to operate and continue to deliver fantastic service to our folks, to our clients out there. But really, it's a small team, headed by John Quinn that essentially is leading the charge on some of these programs with regards to the common ERP for example across the European landscape. Certain other initiatives associated with procurement, the benefit of which we are beginning to see already, big data, single catalog, along those lines.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, Nick, Varun, and Joe. Thank you for taking my question. I have two if I may. One is on margins, one is on cash flow. On the margin, when should we think about Europe being 9.5% to 10% again, margins? What's the line of sight of that?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, Michael thanks for your question. As we've been mentioning for some time now, we do think that the European business can get into kind of the double digit EBITDA territory over the next few years. Now obviously, when you layer out €1.6 billion of revenue from Stahlgruber, which, as we disclosed back in December, was running on a 8% margin, that will have a net negative impact a bit just from a mix perspective. But again, think about the next two to three years. We think we can get the entire complex back to a 10% margin.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on free cash flow, can you help me understand – I get that you've made this investment in inventory and working capital, but what I really like – and then capital spending's going to be up a lot this year. But what I'd like to try to understand is how does that translate into moving then the organic growth rate? Because your goal was $425 million in free cash for 2017, you did $344 million. Your midpoint of your goal for 2018 doesn't even get back to the original 2017 goal; so I'm trying to understand where the leverage is, because ultimately I think this is a free cash flow play and we've just compressed the free cash a bit.
Varun Laroyia - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, so Michael, hey, good morning. It's Varun (56:12). Let me answer that. So listen, as I mentioned in the remarks earlier, given the organic growth in the business and the acceleration of that, specifically here in North America and just to reiterate, going quarter-by-quarter in 2017 here in North America same day was 1.8% in Q1, 2.8% in Q2, 4% in Q3, and 5% in Q4. On the back of that, the last thing that we want to do is to have a stockout scenario. So this was a decision that we actively supported to ensure that we had adequate breadth and depth across our businesses here in North America. The other piece that I do want to highlight is, coming off the hurricanes in Q3, there were favorable buying conditions on our salvage side. So again that was an area that car buying was good and we built up a backlog of just over a week and that's the piece that we're kind of using through, so we're kind of seeing some of that benefit come through in the current quarter also. And then to kind of give you one additional example, and if you think about of the product categories that Nick mentioned earlier with regards to paint for example, that had turned positive in this past quarter, glass is another area where we actually performed really well and that actually contributed to our 5% organic growth rate. And again, within that piece to ensure that we have adequate stock given some of the kind of longer lead times that we see and to ensure we have good fill rates from our suppliers, that was the other area that we ended up investing our inventory. So a couple of those points and then, again these were the kind of main elements. There are other small items as Nick mentioned we called out the Mopar FCA inventory and deal as such. Again that kicks off in 2018. But there was some inventory build on that also. So again if you think about the overall piece of it, we are in a good position. Organic growth has been accelerating and to avoid any kind of stockout scenarios, we certainly want to make sure that we continue to invest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Was hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about the planned IT investments. I know you mentioned Europe would be a focus, but was kind of hoping you could give us some examples of what needs to change from an IT perspective. Are these multi-year projects and just how big of a planned project that you were thinking about there?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, John. This is Nick. Yes, so like in Europe, all of our major acquisitions came to us with completely different ERP systems. And ultimately to get the true efficiency out of the combined network, we need to migrate to a single system. Now, that's probably a five-year process, because you can't take all the various systems and convert it in a year. So, we are in the middle of making a decision as to a single ERP platform for our European operations. That is a major decision. That play out will happen, like I said, probably over the next five years as we will migrate all of our operations to a common platform and that is a very large project. It's tens of millions of dollars, it's not a couple million dollars. It's tens of millions of dollars to make that happen. In North America, we've been operating off of the same platforms for quite some time. So we're running the business today with basically the same IT infrastructure as we're running back when it was $1 billion business. And so we will again upgrade over the next couple of years to a larger common ERP platform. Currently, we run different platforms for our salvage in our aftermarket businesses and we will likely migrate that to a single platform. Again those are – that's a really big project, it's not a – again tens of millions as opposed to millions.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. And then, just wanted to ask Nick just about the U.S. market. There has been a lot of chatter that we finally avoided a green winter. But I'm just wondering if you could give us any color from what you're hearing from maybe some of your larger customers on the collision side, maybe how their book of business looks for the first quarter, kind of what you're seeing in terms of orders, or backlogs at repair shops. Just any sort of qualitative fealty there to (01:01:12) help us confirm or not confirm the absence of (01:01:18).
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So last year when we were holding this call here in late February, it was 72 degrees in Chicago, this morning, I think it's 29 degrees. So clearly Mother Nature has returned with a more normalized winter. Precipitation levels in the traditional snow states is up from last year, and so we're seeing good demand just as we saw in the fourth quarter. We think that that level of demand will pull through into the early parts here of 2018, and that should set us up well for the entire year just as the 2016 and 2017 lack of winters kind of stuck with us for the better part of the year. We think 2018 is going to be back to a more normal pace, if you will, and overall the tone feels good.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Scott Stember with CL King. Your line is open.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning Scott.
Scott L. Stember - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Can you maybe talk about the European segment with a little bit more granularity. You said that Eastern Europe outperformed I guess the UK and Western Europe on the continent, can maybe just give us a little bit more commentary on that? And then, just talk about within that 4% to 6% parts and service organic growth how much of that will be from Europe in 2018? Thanks again.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So there's no doubt that the Eastern Bloc countries have the highest organic growth, and part of that just has to do with the growing car park, the larger number of vehicles actually in the countries and the fact that their cars are really old. On average, Eastern Europe autos are about 14.5 years old, and those are cars that need a lot of repair parts and the parts that we provide. And so you've got a growing market and that is resulting, taken as a whole, in double digit organic growth for us. And as a percentage of European revenue, the Eastern Bloc is in that probably the 20% to 22%, 23% range of our total European revenues. So as that continues to grow at a faster pace, obviously that will help the overall organic growth for Europe. The rest of Europe is – the Western Europe is obviously grows at a lower rate. We've been messaging for some time that ultimately the 6%, 7% to 8% growth that we had historically experienced at ECP was going to slow a bit. I think that's going to be the case. When we've – since the time we bought the ECP, we've expanded the branch network from 89 to over 300 when you include Andrew Page. So, we're pretty much done putting new dots on the map at ECP, which obviously the new branch has contributed to organic growth there. But again, we still think they're going to grow at significantly above the overall rate in the UK, and then Sator and the Western European parts of Rhiag again will have kind of probably mid-low to mid-single digit kind of growth rates, if you will. So all in all, you put it together we think Europe's going to be solidly in the 4% to 6% range, it was at just over 5% in 2017, at 5.3%. And so, we're expecting pretty much a continuation in 2018.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, again, we think we've had a tremendous fourth quarter and a great 2017. We think the table is set for another great year in 2018. The management team is very excited about the prospects of our company. And again, we've got the better part of 43,000 employees today, more than 49,000 employees once we close Stahlgruber to really make it happen on behalf of our customers each and every day. So we thank you for your time here this morning, and we'll talk to you again in a couple months. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Boutross - Director, Investor Relations Nick Zarcone - President and Chief Executive Officer Varun Laroyia - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Clark - Vice President of Finance and Controller
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Bret Jordon - Jefferies Ben Bienvenu - Stephens James Albertine - Consumer Edge Research Brian Butler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co David Stratton - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Welcome to LKQ Corporation's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I'll now turn the call over to Joe Boutross, LKQ's Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Joe Boutross: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Varun Laroyia, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Michael Clark, Vice President of Finance and Controller. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com. For our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide deck presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Nick Zarcone.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. I am delighted to share the results of our most recent quarter with you. But before I jump into the review, I would like to introduce Varun Laroyia, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As many of you read from our press release in September. Prior to joining to LKQ on October 1, Varun was the Chief Financial Officer of CBRE's Global Workplace Solutions Business. A multi-billion full service real estate outsourcing firm with approximately 40,000 employees in over 50 countries. So from a size, scale and level of complexity it was quite similar to LKQ. Prior to joining CBRE in 2015, Varun spent close to 10 years at Johnson Controls in a variety of senior financial positions around the globe. And prior to that, he held diverse financial positions both overseas and in the US, at Gateway Computers, General Electric and KPMG. In short, Varun brings significant global financial and operational expertise to LKQ will be an outstanding addition to LKQ's unique people culture and I'm thrilled to have him on the team. Now onto the quarter; all in all we believe this was a strong quarter for our company and we're very pleased with the results. As noted on Slide 4, consolidated revenue was $2,466 million and 11.7% increase over the $2.2 billion recorded in the third quarter of last year. Total revenue growth from parts and services was 11.4%. Importantly, organic growth in parts and services was 3.2% on a reported basis and after taken into account the impact of one pure selling day in 2017 compared to 2016. Global organic growth was a solid 4.7% on a per day basis. Very few companies in our sector are generating organic growth at this level. Income from continuing operations was $122 million an increase of 11.4% as compared to $110 million for the same period of 2016. On an adjusted basis income from continuing operations was $140 million an increase of 11.1%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.39 in Q3, 2017 as compared to $0.35 for the comparable period of 2016. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.45 compared to $0.41 for the same period last year. Let's turn to some of the operating highlights. All you'll note from Slide 6, total parts and services revenue growth for our North American segment grew 4.3% in third quarter of 2017 compared to the comparable quarter of 2016. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for this segment was 2.5% on a reported basis and after taken into account one less day in North America, organic growth was 4.0% on a per day basis. A particular note, this solid performance during the quarter was achieved notwithstanding the fact that our Houston and Florida markets were confronted with devastating hurricanes. The Houston area experienced upwards of 50-inches of rain in certain areas, resulting in unprecedented levels of flooding. And the winds in Florida created significant damage and knocked out power in many areas for several days. As a result, our eight Houston area locations and in majority of our 79 Florida locations were shut down for a few days resulting in some loss of business both prior to the storms and their subsequent aftermath. Importantly to LKQ, our employees and their families in both markets are safe despite many sustaining damage to their homes and having to deal with the challenges of managing their daily affairs. Fortunately the company didn't experience any significant property or asset loss at any locations in either Texas or in Florida. When taken into account the impact of the storms, we believe organic growth for parts and services on a per day basis would have been even a bit higher if not for these unfortunate events. On the bright side, the negative earnings per share impact from the storms in the quarter was far less than we initially anticipated. As witnessed for several quarters now, we continue to grow our parts and services revenue faster than the market as a whole. Accordingly, to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims on a national basis were actually down four tenths of 1% in the third quarter of 2017, so our per day growth of 4% reflect significant out performance. This growth gives us confidence that we're continuing on the right track by offering our customers products that represents a significant value proposition in the midst of ever increasing repair cost. Our solid revenue growth is also impressive because according to the US Department of Transportation miles driven in the United States during July were up only eight tenths of 1% on a nationwide. With miles driven in the Northeast in South Atlantic regions up only two tenths and four tenths of a 1% respectively. So, when you consider the hurricane impact, negatively repairable claim data and soft growth in miles driven, our North American segment really came through in terms of the top line revenue while importantly reporting the best gross margins and EBITDA margins of any third quarter in the past five years. I could not be more proud of the effort of the team. As I relate to the recent hurricanes, according to CCC there were over 300,000 total loss vehicles between both storms. Similarly, the Hurricane Sandy in 2012, we believe that surge and storm related total loss vehicles creates a dynamics for us that increase the volume of our bidding and procurement efforts at auction and in turn further enhance our inventory levels to continue to growth of our recycling business. Turning to our ongoing intelligent part solution initiative with CCC, the revenue and number of aftermarket purchase orders, process through the CCC platform during the third quarter grew 21% and 21% respectively year-over-year. While we're very encouraged by the progress it's important to recognize this program represents a small part of our North American revenue. Lastly, we integrated five PGW branches into existing LKQ facilities during the third quarter and we have an additional five branch consolidation scheduled for the remainder of the year. And that will bring the total consolidations for the year up to 14. These consolidations will help reduce the cost structure on a going forward basis. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic. Our European segment achieved total revenue growth of 23.8%, importantly organic revenue for parts and services witness growth of 4.4% on a reported basis and 5.6% on a per day basis given we lost one selling day in the quarter. While all the geographies saw strong results the operations in Eastern Europe again led the way with double-digit organic growth. Operations opened for more than a year accounted for about two-thirds of the 5.6% per day organic growth with the impact of new branches accounting for the balance [ph]. Acquisitions added an additional 16.5% revenue growth in Europe during the quarter, while the strengthening Euro resulted in about 3% increase due to foreign exchange. During Q3, our collision parts revenue at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of over 16%, so a continuation of very robust activity. Also, our UK based industry relations team during the quarter secured four insurance repaired agreements that include a combination of collision parts and paint supplies tied to a specific level of repair volumes mandated through a large number of independently owned body shops throughout the UK, this bodes very well with a continued growth of this product line in the United Kingdom. During the third quarter we opened up total of six branches in Europe, including two new locations in the UK and four in Easter Europe. Also during the quarter, we rebranded seven PR Reilly locations in the Republic of Ireland and they're now on the ECP trading platform. With respect to the Tamworth warehouse project, which we refer to as T2, our team continues to be on plan and within budget. I'm pleased to announce that as of today a 158 of our ECP branches are currently being delivered out of T2 and we expect the full branch network to be serviced out of T2 by the end of November. Following the full branch migration, we will begin the process of rationalizing two of our smaller facilities with one being closed early in 2018 and the other by mid-2018. With respect to Andrew Page, on September 14, the CMA releases provisional findings which indicated that there may be a requirement for us to divest up to 10 of the 99 acquired branches. We're continuing to work with the CMA to address any potential issues with respect to those particular 10 locations. The CMA will announce their final decision on or about November 6. Once issued and assuming the whole separate order is removed or at least relaxed which we think should be the case, our team in the UK will begin to work hard to integrate the operations, but it's important to recognize that integration process is complex, and it will take several quarters to be completed. And finally, our specialty segment continues to perform very well achieving organic revenue growth of about 2.7% during the third quarter and after taken into account the one last selling day, organic growth for specialty with a solid 4.4% on a per day basis. During the quarter, we witnessed continued favorable sales trends for vehicles in our specialty sweet spot namely light trucks, SUVs and RVs. These positive trends were a bit offset by the impact to the hurricanes in Texas and in Florida. Our corporate development activities continued in earnest as evidenced by our acquisition of 11 businesses during the third quarter. These include four aftermarket parts distributors in Belgium, a wholesale distributor of light vehicle parts in Poland, a recycled parts and tire business in Sweden. And automotive workshop business in Sweden, a small specialty parts and accessories distributor in Germany and a full service salvage yard in Kentucky. We also purchased two services orientated businesses including a garage management software business in the Netherlands and a developer of management system software for recreational vehicle dealers in the United States. Also, as announced on Monday we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the aftermarket business of Warn Industries from Dover Corporation. Warn offers a product line of aftermarket winches, hoist and bumpers and has an absolute iconic brand that will enhance the market position of our specialty segment. This transaction is expected to close sometime in the fourth quarter. We continue to look for opportunities to grow the breadth and depth of our customer offerings through the addition of successful, well managed businesses to our family of companies around the globe and the pipeline of potential transactions is robust. And I will now turn the discussion over to Varun and Michael, who will run you through the details of the consolidated and segment financial results.
Varun Laroyia: That's great. Thanks Nick and good morning to everyone joining us on the call. I'm delighted to be part of the LKQ leadership team and I look forward to sharing our financial results with you for many quarters to come. Over the past few weeks, I had an opportunity to meet with several investors and key stakeholders such as our banking partners, equity analysts, insurance companies and others. In variably, the discussion moved to why I decided to join LKQ? Listen, while a major career change is never simple, it really came down to a few key items. First, I believe the growth potential of LKQ is significant both organic and through acquisitions. It's not very often that one gets an opportunity to join a company that is a clear leader in its core categories and key markets around the globe and a very significant potential to growth further through acquisition, both the customer offering and geographic footprint. Second, the stage at which LKQ is currently fits well into my skill set of having built and operated multi-billion businesses in a variety of sectors and geographies. This affords me the unique opportunity to help build the company into a substantially larger and an even more progressive enterprise in the foreseeable future. And finally, the cultural fit, this aspect was incredibly important for both the company and me. I truly appreciate the transparent culture, the core values and the unwavering integrity of LKQ. Personally, I thrive in such scenarios as it is core to who I am as a person. Each of these elements taken together created an opportunity that I simply couldn't pass out. And now onto the results, Nick touched on a few of the key financial stats. I will take you through the more detailed review of the consolidated results and then I'll turn it over to Michael to address our segment margins for the quarter. Nick described the trends behind our reported revenue of $2.47 billion so I will start with our consolidated gross margin. As noted on Slide 13 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was flat quarter-over-quarter at 38.8%. We saw some relatively minor ups and downs across our segments that effectively method out to know year-over-year change. Segment EBITDA total $267 million for the quarter reflecting a $21 million or 8.4% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. As Nick previously mentioned, there was one fewer selling day in the third quarter of 2017 compared to 2016, which negatively impacted our segment EBITDA dollars this period. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was 10.8% versus 11.2% recorded in the third quarter of 2016. We saw a 50 basis point increase in our operating expenses, this was largely due to our European segment as we continue to experience a negative impact from losses associated with the Andrew Page acquisition and higher operating expenses mostly related to distribution in our Sator business. Until we receive final clearance from the CMA, we are unable to begin the process of integrating the Andrew Page and this has left us with certain cost inefficiencies. During the third quarter of 2017, we experienced a $2 million in restructuring cost compared to the prior year, but a $4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense largely due to the recent acquisition. With that operating income for the third quarter of 2017 was about $16 million or roughly up 9% when compared to the same period in 2016. Interest expense was a little less than 2% up quarter-over-quarter as we had similar average borrowings and effective interest rates. Non-operating items were favorable by about $3 million versus prior year as Q3, 2017 included a $1 million gain on bargain purchase primarily related to adjustments to the Andrew Page net asset values. We pull this gain out of adjusted income from continuing operations and adjusted diluted EPS. Other non-operating income which increase by approximately $2 million versus Q3, 2016 includes foreign exchange gains and losses and various ancillary income such as late payment fees. Pre-tax income during the third quarter of 2017 was $178 million up $18 million or 11.4% compared to the prior year. And then coming onto taxes, owing to our latest forecast of geographic mix of earnings. We've updated our projected full year 2017 base tax rate down 40 basis points to 34.75% before any discrete items. The update in the forecasted effective tax rate and the discrete benefit of the stock-based compensation resulted in a reported rate of 32.7% in Q3, 2017. The comparable Q3, 2016 reported rate of 31.2% applied the same 34.75% base rate, but benefited from higher discrete stock plan deductions. Diluted EPS from continuing operations for the third quarter were $0.39 which was up 11.4% compared to the $0.35 reported a year ago. Adjusted EPS which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, the tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation and other one-time items was $0.45 in the third quarter of 2017 versus $0.41 last year, reflecting a 9.8% improvement. And finally, strongest scrap and other key metal prices headed about half a penny to EPS in the third quarter of 2017. And as we anticipated, after annualizing the effect of the BREXIT role to the UK, the impact of currencies was minimal during the quarter. And with that, let me turn it over to Michael to give you further details of our three segments. North America, Europe and specialty.
Michael Clark: Thank you, Varun and good morning to everyone on the call. I'll take a few minutes to address our three segments. Particularly as it relates to some of the margin dynamics. Going to Slide 16, gross margins in North America during the third quarter were 43.6% up 20 basis points over the 43.4% reported last year. The strong results reflected the benefits of procurements initiatives in our salvage operations and increased margins in our self-service due to rising scraps deals and other metals pricing. Partially offset by reductions in our aftermarket business due to higher customer discounts and input cost. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment. We improved operating margin by approximately 10 basis points compared to last year. We saw a benefit of about 40 basis points from eliminating shared PGW corporate cost after the sale of the OEM business in March 2017. Outside of this benefit, overhead expenses were up 30 basis points which related to various individually insignificant items mostly in distribution cost. In total segment EBITDA for North America during the third quarter of 2017 was $153 million, a 9.2% increase over last year. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was 12.9% in Q3, 2017 up 40 basis points from 12.5% reported last year. While the margin was down sequentially in Q3, we've typically experienced the seasonal dip in the third quarter and as Nick noted 12.9% is on the high end of the range of what we've seen in the third quarter in North America over the last five years. Looking in Slide 18, scrap prices were up 37% over last year and moved about 8% higher in Q3 relative to Q2. The benefit from scrap reflects a sequential movement in pricing as car cost will generally follow scrap prices higher or lower overtime, so we benefited from the sequential increase in scrap prices this quarter, but to a lesser extent than it experienced in the first quarter of this year. Moving onto our European segment on Slide 19, gross margins were 36.4% in Q3, a 20 basis point improvement over the comparable period of 2016. Our Sator business had a net favorable 60 basis point quarter-over-quarter impact as a result of increased private label sales and to a lesser extent the conversion of the Belgium market to two step distributions. As noted on the last call, we've been working on procurement initiatives across our European organization including negotiating, consolidated rebate and discount programs with suppliers. And those efforts produced a 30 basis point improvement in margin in the quarter. Our ECP operations had a 60 basis point negative effect primarily due to higher cost related to the T2 national distribution center. Gross margins at Rhiag were down versus the prior year which is attributable to lower margins and businesses acquired into the group in the last two quarters. With respect to operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, we experienced the 140 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis quarter-over-quarter and 40 basis point sequentially. The factors negatively impacting operating leverage remained similar to prior quarter, the inclusion of Andrew Page just still losing money while we operate under the whole separate order and higher distribution cost in our Sator business. European segment EBITDA totaled $79 million, a 9.2% increase over last year. As shown on Slide 21, relative to the third quarter of 2016, the Pound Sterling was flat, and the Euro strengthened about 5% against the dollar. On a constant currency basis, EBITDA in Europe increased by 5.8%. As a percentage of revenue European segment EBITDA in the third quarter of 2017 was 8.3% versus 9.4% last year, a 110 basis point decline. Approximately 100 basis points to this decline relates to the impact of Andrew Page and the incremental cost in 2017 related to T2. And a one fewer selling day relative to the prior year quarter also negatively impacted our leverage on fixed cost compared to the prior year. Turning to our specialty segment on Slide 22, gross margins for the third quarter increased 10 basis points compared to last year. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in specialty were also consistent with the prior year down about 10 basis points. We did see an offset in other expenses of 30 basis points due to foreign exchange losses and decreases in miscellaneous income items relative to the prior year. Segment EBITDA for specialty was $35 million up 2.9% from Q3, 2016 and as a percentage of revenue segment EBITDA was down 10 basis points to 10.6%. Specialty is a highly seasonal business and the second quarter is typically our strongest. Consistent with the normal seasonal patterns, we saw a segment EBITDA margin decreased 280 basis points sequentially. Similar to prior years, you should assume a further sequential decline in segment EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter. let's move on to capital allocation, as presented on Slide 24, you will note that our cash flow continuing operations during the first nine months of 2017 was approximately $453 million as we experienced strong earnings while investing in working capital to support our growth. Through September, we deployed $382 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses including $132 million to fund capital expenditures and a net $250 million to fund acquisitions in other investments. The largest capital changes reflect the net pay down of almost $350 million of debt largely funded by the proceeds derived from the sale of PGW glass manufacturing business in March 2017. Going to Slide 25, as of September 30, we had about $3.2 billion of total debt outstanding and approximately $275 million of cash. Resulting in net debt of about $2.9 billion or 2.5 times last 12 months EBITDA. We've more than $1.3 billion of availability on our line of credit which together with our cash yields total liquidity of over $1.6 billion. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Nick to cover the guidance update.
Nick Zarcone: Thank you both for that financial overview. With respect to our guidance for 2017, we have made some minor tweaks based on where we're sitting nine months through the year. Organic growth of parts and services has narrowed a bit to 4.0% on the low end, to 4.5% on the high end reflective of the fact that we're at 3.8% for the first nine months. Likewise, we have narrowed the range for our adjusted diluted earnings per share to a $1.86 on the low end and $1.92 at the high end increasing the midpoint to a $1.89 per share. The corresponding adjusted income from continuing operations is $575 million on the low end to $595 million on the high end. Cash flow from operations has been revised to a range of $600 million to $625 million and capital spending has been revised down to a range of $175 million to $200 million. The updated guidance reflects an effective tax rate of 34.75% exchange rates in the fourth quarter of $1.30 for the pound and a $1.18 for the Euro and scrap at approximately $160 per ton. In summary, Q3 was a solid all round quarter. These terrific results reflect the collective efforts of our more than 40,000 employees around the globe who are working hard to serve our customers each and every day. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their dedication and for being LKQ proud. Operator, we're now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: So, first question from me. Anything to call out for the slightly slower daily organic growth in Europe and specialty. And then sort of second to that, are you expecting that growth to stabilize in the fourth quarter or pick up a little bit.
Nick Zarcone: [Technical difficulty] really happy with the growth rate per day basis, [technical difficulty] on a going forward basis.
Ryan Merkel: Okay and then just secondly and the line was kind of coming in and out my phone, I didn't catch all of that answer, but second question ahead was North America gross margin it's sort of trended down since the first quarter. I know it's still up year-to-date but anything going on there and should we assume stable at 43.6% from here.
Michael Clark: [Technical difficulty] North America [technical difficulty] to the business look on the chart on [technical difficulty] pattern will likely continue but broadly speaking staying in this range is a good assumption.
Ryan Merkel: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Nick, I just wanted to check I know you stopped giving sort of the organic growth numbers for the European business by the three business groups like Rhiag, Sator and ECP, but is there anything you can sort of give in terms of directional ball park numbers about how they're tracking, how they track this quarter.
Nick Zarcone: If you - the Rhiag business again because that's where all the Eastern European operations are centered right, have the highest organic growth of the three companies, if you will. ECP, good numbers and kind of net bid single-digit level. Sator was a little bit lower than the exceptional performance they had in Q2, but all in all we're happy with the growth rate.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And a couple of housekeeping questions, I saw the cash flow from operations came down slightly what led for the guidance for the full year that came down, what led to that? And when I look at the 2017 EPS guide, the only change from the 2Q seems to be the equity method investment sort of block of $0.02 so what's driving that?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, so on the operating cash flow, we plan to enhance investment in inventory as we continue to grow our businesses, so we brought OCF down by about $25 million, likewise the capital spending is running a little bit light, so we brought that in at $25 million, so if you want to think about free cash flow the estimate for free cash flow basically stayed the same. Your other question was?
Samik Chatterjee: On the change in the 2017 guidance, the change in the midpoint of the guidance seems to be driven by contribution from equity method investment.
Nick Zarcone: That relates to [indiscernible].
Samik Chatterjee: Okay and that wasn't expected back in 2Q?
Nick Zarcone: We did not explicitly call that out in Q2, you're correct.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, so just a final question for you and how's the acquisition of the aftermarket business of Dover this week, which you mentioned on the call. If I understand correctly, do they have manufacturing operations, and do you intend to keep the manufacturing operations as well?
Nick Zarcone: So, you're talking about Warn Industries which we purchased or are going to purchase. We've not yet closed from Dover Corporation. Yes, they have manufacturing operations and yes, we're going to and to keep those manufacturing operations. The specialty leadership team has had kind of vertical integration as part of their strategy for quite some time, this is the first opportunity to bring something to fruition, we're only going to do it in very select circumstances cases where there is market leader with a strong brand that we can control a business that operates in a large market with good growth opportunities. What Warn represented was an undisputed market leader. They've got about $140 million of revenue which is about 10% market share of slightly more than a $1 billion market. They've got an incredible brand identity. Vehicle owners ask for the Warn product by name, very good margins to this business, Samik. Circa 20% so from a margin perspective it will be accretive to both the specialty margins and our consolidated margins. We believe that just going to be an opportunity for ancillary revenue flow because in many cases you cannot put their product on a factory issued bumper, so we think it's going to be an opportunity for ourselves few more bumpers and importantly it's going be a bit accretive to the 2018 EPS. So, this case we're able to acquire only the aftermarket business. Dover actually retained their OE business, so this was a much simpler transaction then say the PGW situation. Again, at the end of the day, we think it's a great opportunity, it fits well into our product set, it's got our brand that we can control, and we like being in charge of the distribution. And from a size perspective it's about 1% of our consolidated revenue. So just keeping in perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: So, you've seen maybe an increase in competition in Europe, we've seen a North American distributor enter the French market. I'm wondering if you see that as validation of your strategy or whether you might see that as a strategic threat to some of the other things you want to do in Europe.
Nick Zarcone: Good morning, Craig. Yes, as everyone probably knows, several weeks ago. GPC which had a NAPA brand here in the US announced their maiden voyage in the Europe, by buying Alliance. Which is a large enterprise headquartered in France, significant operations in France, a bit in Germany and then significant operations at UK as well. We believe Europe is an outstanding marketplace, we've been asked quarter after quarter for the last several years, why aren't all the other US companies in Europe and we could not answer that question. We're just happy that we' were the first mover and have the largest market share in [indiscernible]. So, we think yes, Craig it really goes to show that our strategy in Europe is indeed a good and effective strategy. Look Alliance is a very good competitor in the markets in which they participate, we don't see any material changes. Due to ownership by GPC, they're a very good company, they're very good operator and they're very disciplined and at the end of the day we think that's just fine.
Craig Kennison: And then real quick, could you just comment on the revenue margin and strategic implications of your RV systems management business and your Netherlands management system.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, those just so you know those are two very, very small businesses. Okay, but let's take the Netherlands business, right. We sell parts to largely the independent mechanical repair shops. Those folks are very good at fixing cars. Their shops that maybe have six [indiscernible] and eight mechanics. What they're not good at is actually having a CRM system where they can stay in touch with their customers, blast out emails, promotions for oil changes or break jobs or whatever the case maybe. What this company does is to provide that kind of - of that capability for that independent garage owner, by us providing that software to our customers it will help them grow their business and our clearer goal is to use that incremental service in helping our customers to get a bigger piece of their wallet, when it comes to parch purchases and alike. Again, in the RV side, again it's providing an incremental service to our RV dealers. What we intend to do is use that to help drive a higher level of revenue, get a bigger share of the dealers' wallet when it comes to type of parts that we sell.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordon from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk a little bit about the impact on cost of goods from what you're going to see on the salvage auction coming out of the hurricanes, something 300,000 cars, freshwater damage, a lot of truck and SUV mix? Maybe the magnitude of the benefit and the timing.
Nick Zarcone: Yes, so the best way to track that is, our experience coming out of Sandy back in 2012, the reality is, there's going to be a lot of good salvage coming to market. We can't buy it all, we can't dramatically up our purchase of cars because we need to have a place to put the cars. You can't put 40 acres of cars in a 30 acre salvage yard. And that's true with us, that's true with everybody. So, we think, these cars come to market we're going to be able to buy a high quality car and an average revenue per vehicle will be a bit higher because it's not like the front end is gone or the back end is gone, right. The reality is, more parts are going to be available for sale. And we think we can get some good pricing again it's supply and demand Bret, right. And with a flood of cars coming to the market at the end of the day that should help a bit. There's not going to be massive changes, massive gains from the cost of goods sold perspective, but on the margin over the next several quarters there should be a little bit of benefit flowing to all the recyclers if you will, ourselves included just from the incremental volumes coming to the market.
Bret Jordan: Okay and then a question on alternatives parts penetration, you talked about other claims rates being down four tenths, a 1% yet pretty strong organic growth. Do you have a feeling for what the AI penetration might be now?
Nick Zarcone: Our sense is, is it's probably nudging up slowly. The 4% per day in North America actually our salvage and what I would call our core aftermarket product and I think about the Keystone product in the box in glass where all nicely above the 4%. Obviously, we're still continuing to feel a little bit of softness and a little bit of negative comparisons and things like paint, cooling and wheels. And then our smaller businesses like our heavy duty truck business and reman business, we're kind of in the low single-digit. So again, we think that based on our experience we can't speak for the rest of the industry, but based on our experience APU is probably nudging up a little bit like here in 2017.
Bret Jordan: Okay and did you give an ECP comp number, the store is open 12 months or longer for just ECP?
Nick Zarcone: No, again. We're moving towards reporting European on a segment basis, given that we're now operating and in 15 different countries, we've significantly added to our presence and places like Belgium and Ireland and Poland and alike and but again the positive trends continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask Nick you gave some sense of magnitude of the Warn acquisition, can you help us think about what other product categories you could bolt-on in either the specialty business or North American business that you're not currently in today.
Nick Zarcone: Well again on the specialty side, we're distributor at heart. There are other really strong brands in that specialty space if they came for sale and if they had those characteristics that I described, large markets, leading market shares, the ability to add and growing to adjacencies we could add. I can't give you a specific product type, Ben at the moment because it will be really any of the product types that we sell out of our specialty business and as you know, I think last year we sold 275,000 different SKUs including parts from 800 different vendors. But it would have to be a leading brand that really made a difference.
Ben Bienvenu: Fair enough. And then pivoting to Europe. Andrew Page continues to be an incremental drag on the results, can you talk about some of the key factors driving the OpEx headwinds. I recognized that you're not able to integrate the business today, but it looks like there is a light at the end of the tunnel potentially in the event of potentially gaining regulatory approval. Can you give us the sense of the critical path for synergy capture?
Nick Zarcone: If you think about Andrew Page, they're losing money, their revenue under prior ownership hit a decrease because they weren't investing in the business, they were not investing in inventory. But they still had a national distribution center that they had to cover the cost on, they still have the corporate office that they have to cover the cost on, and that's why they're losing money. I mean those overhead cost relative to their revenue rate are just too high. Ultimately with T2, we don't need their national distribution center. Okay and while we need some of the people in their corporate office, we don't need the total duplication and so those where the real opportunities are. Michael, you mentioned I think in your call the impact of Andrew Page on margins for Europe.
Michael Clark: Yes, it was 70 basis points on the operating expenses set on the European segment.
Nick Zarcone: Yes so 70 basis points on Europe overall just from Andrew Page, which means if we get it to be breakeven, we pick up 70 basis points in Europe. And we're going to get its profitability. But it's going to take some time as I mentioned in my comments. The integration is measured in weeks or months, it's measured in quarters.
Ben Bienvenu: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine from Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James Albertine: So, wanted to just, as maybe a follow-on to that previous question, that was more focused on Andrew Page and I think we can sort of see the light at the end of the tunnel. Ben mentioned but the pressures that you noted I think it was 60 basis points of margin pressures in the Benelux. Little less clear to us at least what the path forward for correcting that. Can you maybe shed some more light or dig in a little bit deeper there as to what needs to happen and how long that will take?
Varun Laroyia: Yes, certainly so this is Varun Laroyia. Let me climb on to that one, to give you a more complete picture about the European OpEx headwinds. So apart from the T2 and the Andrew Page piece that Nick just mentioned, the other one was in the third quarter as we called out, we acquired some businesses in the Sator business again going from a three step to a two-step distribution, methodology. Now with those set of acquisition, there is a slightly different higher cost structure, but essentially that gets offset by a higher gross margin profile for these businesses. So that's one aspect you kind of take into account, just in terms of what took place in the third quarter with the Sator acquisition, the BCC entities and also call systems in the Netherlands, that's point number one. The other one to think through is, as we kind of move forward and we begin to integrate those recently acquired businesses into the continental mainland platform. We do expect there to be further synergies, so as you think about a single ERP versus running a multitude of those, that certainly gives us the benefits also, so apart from the Andrew Page and the T2 piece that was mentioned previously this was the other aspect that I'm hoping you get a little bit more insight into it.
James Albertine: And similar with Andrew Page, we're talking about weeks and months, not quarters here in terms of the moving to a single ERP and transitioning kind of to the broader European platform.
Varun Laroyia: Yes, so listen as you would have noted, I spent quite sometime over in Europe and had done similar acquisition integration listen as much as I would love to say it's matter of weeks and months, swapping out ERPs and changing out whole scale systems takes a little bit longer than that. We certainly have started the work on that front, optimistically I'm looking at the back end of 2018 into 2019 to be able to kind of simplify some of those recently acquired businesses. So, it has a slightly on the tail, but again we have a great game plan, we've got a great leadership team out there and they've got their initiatives laid out pretty well in terms of how they're going to tackle this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Butler: This is Brian Butler for Michael. Just one question on the Warn acquisition, now that you've kind of stepped into that vertical integration and become somewhat of competitor to some of your distribution partners, have you had any push back or feedback from those product providers?
Nick Zarcone: We have not, although it was just announced on Monday, so of this week so it's only four days ago. The reality - this is a product that the vehicle owners demand by brand. And I think the other distributors who are selling the product are still going to want to sell the Warn product because of the brand identity it's a very good product for everybody in the distribution of specialty product.
Brian Butler: And how about the products that you guys sell through your own partners? I mean is there I guess any pressure then to possible of those partners either not selling through you anymore but going someplace else because you're now a direct competitor.
Nick Zarcone: No, we don't anticipate any significant change there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Stratton of Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
David Stratton: When we look at the planned automatic transmission repair business scheduled to start in 4Q, how is that coming along? Are there any updates that you can give us in regard to that?
Nick Zarcone: Yes, you're talking about our announcement a couple quarters ago of greenfield being a reman transmission business in Oklahoma city and the update from our leadership team just on the last few days, is they anticipate the first transmissions will be coming off the reman line in the first or second week of November, so we're pretty much right on track. Now it's going to start slow, but build from there over the next several years.
David Stratton: Great and then, when we talk about the impact of the hurricanes, you mentioned pretty thoroughly the impact on salvage. Will there be any to scrap steel prices that you anticipate going forward, where there might be a lower scrap price in the future?
Nick Zarcone: We don't anticipate any significant moves. Obviously, all those total loss vehicles are sooner or later once we and the other recyclers are done with them, I'm going to head to the metals processors to get recycled and like. So, there will be some incremental volume, but when you think about the total amount of steel is recycled in this country and used around the globe, we don't see any material pressure. Our average scrap prices last week were right in the $160 a ton range, which is down a little bit from maybe a month ago, but not materially.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Nick Zarcone: So, we thank everyone for participating on this third quarter call. We do know that this is a very busy time for all you and we appreciate your time and attention. Again, we think, we had a great third quarter, we're looking forward to a good fourth quarter and we'll talk to you at the end of February with our year end results. Thank you everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp. Michael S. Clark - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Liandra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to LKQ Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Joe Boutross, LKQ's Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With us today are Nick Zarcone, LKQ's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Clark, LKQ's Vice President of Finance and Controller. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com. Our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide deck presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Nick Zarcone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everybody on the call. I am delighted to share the results for our most recent quarter with you. I will begin with a few high-level financial metrics before providing an update on our operating segments and discussing a few of the macro trends we witnessed during the quarter. I will then turn the call over to Michael Clark, who will provide some segment-level financial detail, and then I will come back to comment on our updated guidance and make a few final remarks before taking your questions. All-in-all, we believe Q2 was a strong quarter for our company and we are pleased with the results. As noted on slide 3, consolidated revenue was $2.458 billion, a 6.7% increase over the $2.3 billion recorded in the second quarter of last year. Total revenue growth from parts and services was 6.4%. Importantly, organic growth in parts and services was 3.8% on a reported basis. After taking into account the fewer selling days in Europe related to the timing of the Easter holiday, organic growth was a solid 4.9% on a same-day basis. It's nice to see the organic growth begin to pick up from the levels we experienced in the first quarter. Income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2017 was $151 million, an increase of 9.5% over the comparable quarter of last year, resulting in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.49 as compared to $0.45 for the comparable period of 2016. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.53 compared to $0.52 for the same period last year. Let's turn to the operating highlights. As you'll note from slide 6, parts and services revenue for our North American segment grew 5.5% in the second quarter of 2016 compared to the comparable quarter of 2016. Organic revenue growth for parts and services in North America was 2.8%. This reflect a nice uptick from the 1.8% recorded in the first quarter and a touch above our expectations coming into the quarter. There is no doubt that the mild winter weather patterns, which hit us particularly hard in the winter months, carried over into the spring as our body shop customers have limited backlog of work coming into the second quarter. As witnessed for several quarters now, we continue to grow our parts and services revenue faster than the market as a whole. According to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims on a national basis were up only 1.7% in the second quarter of 2017, following a 1.1% increase in the first quarter. So, our growth of 2.8% in Q2 reflects a 110 basis point outperformance, and gives us confidence that we continue to do the right things to serve our customers. Importantly, the growth in our core collision product continues to be stronger than the North American average as whole. We also had an excellent quarter in terms of the sale of salvage mechanical parts, and the PGW aftermarket glass business, which we owed for a full year as of April 21, 2017, was a solid contributor to the overall North American organic growth rate during the remainder of the quarter. The total loss rates continue to increase, reaching 19% at the end of the second quarter. CCC believes this increase is the result of the mix effect and hangover of an older vehicle fleet and a slight uptick in the vehicles one- to three-years old being deemed a total loss. It's important to note that cars in both these age groups are not representative of our collision sweet spot of 3 to 10 years. So despite this slight uptick in the total loss rate, we don't believe that it had a material impact to our current business. Additionally, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven in the United States were up 1.2% on a nationwide basis in April. But miles driven in the Northeast and South Gulf regions were only up 0.3% and 0.6%, respectively. So clearly, we are, again, witnessing significant regional differences in some of our key markets where miles driven are trending below the national average. During the second quarter, the impact of acquisitions added 2.9% to parts and services growth in North America, with most of that reflecting a few weeks of revenues related to the acquisition of the PGW aftermarket glass business. We lost about 20 basis points of growth due to currencies, primarily related to the Canadian dollar. We purchased 77,000 vehicles for dismantling at our full-service wholesale operations, a 6.9% increase over the comparable quarter of the prior year. The auctions continue to be healthy and we have access to the vehicles, we believe, we need to continue the growth of our recycling operations. For our North American aftermarket business, we have been expanding both our total collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 9.1% and 17.6%, respectively, year-over-year in the quarter. In our self-service business, we acquired $141,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only vehicles, reflecting a 2.2% increase over the second quarter of last year. Our self-serve team has proactively managed the fluctuations in the scrap market by quickly adjusting the cost of goods sold relative to the current market conditions and having an operating culture focused on cost management. Overall, I'm happy with our operating performance of the North American business. During the quarter, gross margins improved 40 basis points compared to the prior year, in part due to enhanced productivity of our salvage operations, wherein the revenue per car increased at a faster rate than the car cost, reflecting refinements to buying algorithms and an emphasis on inventorying more parts per car and also holding the cars a bit longer. I'm particularly happy with the ongoing benefits we are experiencing with our productivity initiatives. Although you won't see the same year-over-year improvement in margins because the major benefits from the procurement initiative were first realized about a year ago, we continue to benefit from the ongoing savings which are estimated to be about $9 million on a quarterly basis compared to the base 2015 levels. With respect to Roadnet, for the month ended June 2017, we were operating at a 97% usage level across our fleet with year-over-year increases of 60% in terms of miles dispatched, 28% for stops dispatched, and 34% for routes dispatched. I'm particularly pleased that we have reduced our missed service windows by 53%, which today stands at less than 1%, another validation of our continued commitment of stellar delivery service to our customers. Lastly, we integrated three PGW branches into an existing LKQ facility during the first quarter, added another in Q2, and have completed two more early in Q3. We have an additional seven-branch consolidation scheduled for the remainder of the year, which will bring the total consolidations to 13 for 2017, and this will help the cost structure on a going forward basis. Moving to the other side of the Atlantic, our European segment achieved total revenue growth of 7.9%. Importantly, organic revenue for parts and services witnessed growth of 4.1% on a reported basis and 7.1% on a same-day basis. Remember, we lost up to two selling days in many European countries due to the Easter holiday falling in Q2 this year compared to the first quarter of last year. Now that Rhiag has reached its anniversary date and it was included in the results of operations for the full quarter, both this year and last year, we are going to report the growth on a segment basis only, just like North America, as opposed to on a business-by-business basis. What I can tell you is that on a same-day basis, the organic growth of ECP and Sator were above 5%, while Rhiag was in double digits, which we believe are terrific results for all of the entities. Acquisitions added an additional 10% revenue growth in Europe during the second quarter of 2017, but the weaker currencies, when compared to the 2016 rates, resulted in a 6.2% decline, largely due to the significant year-over-year decline in the pound sterling. The UK team performed extremely well in light of a challenging macroeconomic environment. The stagnant wage growth in the UK, when combined with currency-induced inflation resulting from the Brexit referendum has created a challenging operating environment for our UK business. Despite those challenges, our team remains focused on driving market share and continuously creating a great service experience for our customers. In particular, our collision offering in the UK provides insurance carriers an attractive value proposition as they face the same dynamics as domestic carriers with increased repair cost and pressure on cycle time. Our Netherlands operation recorded some of the highest same-day growth since we bought the business and is reflective of the ongoing integration of the tuck-in acquisitions we've completed over the past few years. And the double-digit same-day revenue growth at Rhiag is a result of better-than-expected performance in Italy, and a growing, yet very old car park in Eastern Europe, which creates excellent demand for the types of parts we distribute. During Q2, we opened up a total of 13 new branches in Europe, including one new location in the UK and 12 new locations in Eastern Europe. Over the past 12 months, we have opened 47 new branches in Europe, including seven in the UK and 40 in Eastern Europe. With respect to Tamworth the warehouse, our T2 project, I am pleased to report that ECP is still on plan with the implementation process and is almost finished with system testing. Product stocking at T2 started the last week of June. And this past Tuesday, we had the very first shipments out of the facility to just a couple of our branch locations. We continue to believe we'll be fully operational at T2 by the end of the year and the project remains on time and on budget. With respect to Andrew Page, as anticipated during our call last quarter, the UK Competition and Markets Authority, or CMA, has initiated a Phase 2 investigation of our acquisition of this company. We anticipate this review will be completed by year-end. We remain optimistic and believe that the evidence supports that our acquisition of Andrew Page will not lead to any material lessening of competition. But the end decision rests with the CMA and we could be required to divest some or all of the business. While the CMA investigation is ongoing, we have been required to operate under what is called a hold separate order, which means we are not able to integrate the companies, and ECP and Andrew Page must continue to operate as competitors in the marketplace. As a result, we are very limited as to what we can do to improve the business as we cannot eliminate any of the duplicative expense. We know there are solid synergies and customer benefits available if we can put the companies together, but until we get the requisite clearance, our hands are tied and Andrew Page will continue to be unprofitable. The overall outlook for our European segment and its strategy remain favorable in terms of our ability to grow both organically and through acquisition. According to statistics included in the European Automobile Manufacturers' report, we currently operate in countries representing about 50% of the European car park, including operations in four of the five fastest-growing car parks. So, we have plenty of runway to grow. And finally, our Specialty segment continued to perform very well, achieving organic revenue growth of about 5.9% during the second quarter of 2017. Truck and SUV sales, which benefit our Specialty segment, remains very healthy. Additionally, the performance of our Specialty segment was aided by the strength in the RV market, which is benefiting from increased consumer confidence, the retiring of America's workforce, attractive financing options and lower fuel prices. According to RV industry statistics, in 2016, total RV unit sales reached an all-time high, and related accessories represent key product categories for our Specialty segment. To help support the growth of this segment, we are in the process of adding a new 450,000 square foot Specialty Parts Distribution Center in California that is expected to come online in the second quarter of 2018. Our corporate development activities have continued in earnest as evidenced by our acquisition of seven businesses during the second quarter. Most of these were smaller companies with a combined annualized revenue of about $68 million. These include a salvage operation in Pennsylvania, a transmission rebuilder in Atlanta to augment the greenfield capacity we are bringing on in Oklahoma City; three small aftermarket distributors acquired by ECP, including another distributor in the Republic of Ireland; one small aftermarket distributor in Italy, and another small automotive paint business in Sweden. In addition, on July 3, the first business day of the third quarter, Sator closed on the acquisition of four aftermarket distribution businesses in Belgium that will help to solidify our competitive position in that market. And on July 10, Sator acquired a small garage management software company. So, the pace of activity continues to be brisk. We will continue to look for opportunities to grow the breadth and depth of our customer offerings through the addition of successful, well-managed businesses to our family of companies around the globe, and the pipeline of potential transactions is robust. And now, I will turn the discussion over to Michael Clark, who will run through the details of the segment results.
Michael S. Clark - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick, and good morning to everyone on the call today. While I've been working behind the scenes on our quarterly calls for quite a while, this is my first time speaking to the group, and I'm excited for the opportunity. Nick touched on a few of the key financial statistics, and I will take you through the more detailed review of the consolidated and segment margins for the quarter. Nick described the trends behind our reported revenue of $2.46 billion, so I'll start with our consolidated gross margin. As noted on slide 13 of the presentation, the consolidated gross margin percentage was flat quarter-over-quarter at 39.3%. The result reflects improved margins in North America, mostly on the salvage side, offset by roughly equal decreases in our Europe and Specialty segments. We saw about a 40 basis point increase in our operating expenses, largely due to our Europe segment. We continue to experience negative impact from costs associated with the Andrew Page acquisition. Until we receive clearance from the CMA, we are unable to implement a full integration, which has left us with some cost inefficiencies. Segment EBITDA totaled $306 million for the second quarter, reflecting a $6 million or 2.1% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. As mentioned, there were fewer selling days in Europe in the second quarter of 2017 compared to last year, which would negatively impact our segment EBITDA dollars this period. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was 12.4%, a 60 basis point decrease over the 13% recorded last year. During the second quarter of 2017, we experienced a $7 million decrease in restructuring costs compared to the prior year, but a $1 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, largely due to recent acquisitions. With that, operating income for the second quarter of 2017 was up about $12 million or roughly 5% when compared to the same period last year. Interest expense was flat quarter-over-quarter, as we had similar average borrowings and effective interest rates. Non-operating items were favorable by about $5 million compared to last year, as Q2 2017 includes a $3 million gain on bargain purchase, primarily related to adjustments to the Andrew Page net asset values. We pulled this gain out of adjusted income from continuing operations and diluted EPS. Other non-operating income includes foreign exchange gains and losses and various ancillary income, such as late payment fees. Non-operating income and expenses are difficult to forecast from quarter-to-quarter, so I caution on projecting future periods based on the Q2 results. Pre-tax income during the second quarter of 2017 was $226 million, up $18 million or 8.4% compared to the prior year. Our net tax rate during the second quarter was 33.6%, down from 33.7% in 2016. The 2017 rate reflected an effective rate of 35.15% and some discrete items that reduced the reported rate, the most significant of which is the excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation. The effective rate, excluding discrete items, of 35.15% is 40 basis points higher than Q2 2016 due to an increase in the effective rate for our Europe segment, resulting from tax law changes and a shift in the geographic mix of our European earnings. Diluted EPS from continuing operations for the second quarter was $0.49, which was up 8.9% compared to the $0.45 reported last year. Adjusted EPS, which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, the tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation, and other one-time unusual items, was $0.53 in the second quarter of 2017 versus $0.52 last year, reflecting a 2% improvement. Stronger scrap and other metals prices added about $0.01 to EPS in the second quarter of 2017. And as anticipated, the translation impact of currencies had a negative impact of about $0.01 during the quarter. With the U.S. dollar weakening and having passed the anniversary of the Brexit vote, the translation impact of currency should have a lesser impact on the remainder of the year than what we experienced in the first half of 2017. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the second quarter of 2017 increased to $1.207 billion, up 6.1% over 2016. Gross margins in North America during the second quarter were 43.9%, up 40 basis points over the 43.5% reported last year. The strong results reflected the benefits of procurement initiatives in both our salvage and aftermarket operations, partially offset by reductions due to higher customer discounts in our aftermarket business and a decrease in our self-service margin. While scrap steel remained a favorable factor for this business, it was less impactful on the second quarter of 2017 than it was in 2016. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment, we lost approximately 50 basis points of margin compared to last year. We saw benefit of about 30 basis points from eliminating shared PGW corporate costs after the sale of the OEM business in March. Outside of this benefit, overhead expenses were up 80 basis points, of which about a little less than half came from personnel-related costs. The remainder of increase relates to various individually insignificant items, mostly in selling, general and administrative costs. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the second quarter of 2017 was $174 million, a 4.6% increase over last year. As a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was 14.4% in Q2 of 2017, down 20 basis points from the 14.6% reported in the comparable period of the prior year. While the margin was down slightly in Q2, 14.4% is on the high end of the range of what we've seen in North America over the last five years. Looking at slide 18, scrap prices were up 9% over the last year and moved about 4% higher in Q2 relative to Q1. As noted previously, the impact of scrap prices was a benefit to Q2 EPS, but was seen mostly in April and had minimal minimum impact in the subsequent months. So assuming prices stay at current levels, we will not get the same level of positive impact during the remainder of the year. Moving on to our European segment, total revenue in the second quarter accelerated to $890 million from $824 million, an 8% increase. Q2 is the first quarter in which we had a fully comparable period for Rhiag. Thus, the mix impact in gross margin and overhead expenses related to Rhiag that we discussed on prior calls is no longer a factor in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. However, we won't annualize Andrew Page until Q4, so this acquisition continues to have an impact on the comparisons to prior period. Gross margins in Europe decreased to 37.2% in Q2, a 20 basis point decline over the comparable period of 2016. Gross margins at Rhiag had a 40 basis point negative impact, which is attributable to higher customer rebates, contributing to lower net prices. Our ECP operations had a 20 basis point negative impact due to higher costs related to the new national distribution center, or T2. Our other European operations, primarily the Sator business, had a net favorable 40 basis point quarter-over-quarter impact. We're emphasizing procurement initiatives across our European organization, including negotiating consolidated rebate and discount programs with suppliers, and we expect the yield benefits late in the year and into 2018. With respect to operating expenses, as a percentage of revenue, we experienced a 140 basis point increase on a consolidated European basis quarter-over-quarter, and 30 basis points sequentially. The factors negatively impacting operating leverage remain similar to the prior quarter: the inclusion of Andrew Page, which is still losing money while we operate under the hold separate order; increased facility costs related to additional branches in the UK; and higher personnel costs in our Sator business. European segment EBITDA totaled $84 million, a 7% decrease over last year. As shown on slide 21, relative to the second quarter of 2016, the pound declined 11% and the euro declined 3% against the dollar. On a constant currency basis, EBITDA in Europe declined by just 1%. As a percentage of revenue, European segment EBITDA in the second quarter of 2017 was 9.4% versus 10.9% last year, 150 basis point decline. Approximately 90 basis points of the decline relates to the impact of the Andrew Page and the incremental costs in 2017 related to T2. Having fewer selling days, both relative to the prior-year quarter and sequentially, negatively impacted our leverage on fixed costs compared to both periods. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue for the second quarter totaled $363 million, a 5.5% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the second quarter decreased 90 basis points compared to last year, largely due to unfavorable product mix with a smaller negative effect from higher warehouse costs capitalized in inventory due to the two new distribution centers added in 2016. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in Specialty were down about 170 basis points as we continue to see the leverage from integrating recent acquisitions into our existing network. We're very pleased with the cost savings we've achieved in this segment over the last year. Segment EBITDA for Specialty was $49 million, up 12% from Q2 of 2016, and as a percentage of revenue, segment EBITDA was up 80 basis points to 13.4%. Specialty is a highly seasonal business and the second quarter is typically our strongest. Consistent with the normal seasonal patterns, you should assume these margins will moderate as we move through the back half of the year. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 24, you will note that our cash flow from continuing operations during the first half of 2017 was approximately $366 million as we experienced strong earnings and only a moderate increase in working capital. Through June 2017, we deployed $184 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $88 million to fund capital expenditures and a net $96 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. The largest capital changes reflect a pay down of $423 million debt, largely funded by the net proceeds derived from the sale of the PGW glass manufacturing business in March. Going to slide 25, as of June 30, we had about $3 billion of total debt outstanding and approximately $300 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $2.7 billion or 2.5 times last 12-month EBITDA. We have more than $1.4 billion of availability on our line of credit, which together with our cash yields total liquidity of over $1.7 billion. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Nick to cover the guidance update.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Michael. With respect to our guidance for 2017, we've made some updates based on where we are sitting at the halfway mark of the year. Organic growth for parts and services has been narrowed to 4% at the low end and 5.25% on the high end, reflective of the fact that we're sitting at 4.1% for the first six months. Likewise, we have narrowed the range for our adjusted diluted earnings per share from $1.84 at the low end to $1.92 on the high end, increasing the midpoint to $1.88 per share. The corresponding adjusted income from continuing operations is $570 million to $595 million, while cash flow from operations has been revised up to $620 million to $650 million. Capital spending has remained constant at the $200 million to $225 million range. The updated guidance reflects an effective tax rate of 35.15% and exchange rates in the back half of the year of $1.30 for the pound sterling, $1.15 for the euro and scrap at $150 per ton. As it relates to our effort to bring on a new Chief Financial Officer, the response to our search process was terrific and we have had the opportunity to meet with some incredibly talented professionals over the past few months. Whittling down the talent has been hard, but we are in the final phase of the process, and I expect we will have a final decision in the near future. In summary, Q2 was a solid all-around quarter accentuated by an uptick in organic growth across all of our segments. The overall results reflect the collective efforts of our more than 40,000 employees around the globe, who are working hard to serve our customers each and every day. I would like to thank each of them for their dedication. Finally, I would like to thank Rob Wagman for his efforts during his 19 years at LKQ. As you know, Rob stepped down on June 1, and is now serving as Executive Advisor with a focus on corporate development activities. Rob's contributions during his tenure were countless, and I look forward to his continued insights as we move forward. And operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you, and good morning, gentlemen.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: And I want to add as well, thanks to Rob, if he's listening, and really have enjoyed working him over the past many years, and wish him the best. If I may, organic growth, North America, first. It seems, when we look at the broader units in operation sort of in this cycle that we're finally getting to a point where you're getting a bigger supply of that sort of three- to four-year-old segment that off-lease vehicle, if you will, as a proxy. I would imagine that that should continue for the remainder of this year and into next year. But wanted to hear from you guys, as you are seeing parts orders coming in and you're serving customers, are you getting a sense that there is growing number of orders for those sort of younger vehicles? And so, even though, compares are easier in the back half that maybe there is an additional tailwind from that units in operation sort of flurry?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure. So, a couple of questions you got built in there, Jamie. But all-in-all, we are expecting that the car park and the age of the car park will be a gentle tailwind as we move forward. In our standard information that we provide the investment community, our standard investor relations deck, we include a slide, as you know, that is what we call our collision sweet spot of 3 to 10 years. And for the first time in many years, the number of cars that fall into that age bracket in 2017 is actually ticking up a little bit. Now, it's not significant, so we don't anticipate any major movements here in 2017, but at least it's movement in the right direction, I believe, from about 101 million units to 103 million units. Then we get another more substantial uptick in 2018 and 2019. So, there is no doubt that we've sold the better part of 52 million vehicles in this country over the – new vehicles over the last three years, as those vehicles begin to come in to our 3- to 10-year sweet spot, there will be more cars that will need the types of parts that we sell. We do the best we can to track the vintage of parts that we're selling. We haven't seen a material shift, if you will, thus far. But again, we do believe that as the number of cars in a sweet spot grow that that will be a gentle tailwind to our business.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then my last one, if I may ask, on Europe sort of a similar question. I know the business over there is a little different. But can you help us frame kind of where the car park in Europe is within the cycle and how we should think about that? And then a point of clarification, I think I heard you say Rhiag was growing at a double-digit rate. Want to clarify if you were talking organically. And so, as we think about that coming into the organic base for the third quarter, if that's going to be a double-digit contributor and we should take that into account in our models? Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, with respect to the European organic, again, the business there is differently because we are adding branches, they get closer to the customer base. You have to remember that in the European business, we need to be within 30 to 60 minutes of delivery time between our branches and the customers in order to fulfill their expectations. Part of the way we do that is to add new branch operations to get close to the customer base. That's how we grow actually our market share, if you will. So, some of the growth in Europe comes from, what I'll call, the organic growth of the more mature branches. Some of the growth comes from having just more dots on the map, right. And so Rhiag – and this is all same day, to make it simple and take the calendar out of the mix, right? Rhiag was just north of 10%, on a same-day organic basis. About 55% to 60% of that was the contributions for what we would call the more mature stores. And then the balance of it was the impact of those 40 new branches that we've added in Eastern Europe over the last 12 months. If you move back to the ECP, where organic growth was just shy of 6% on a same-day basis, about 85% of that came from the stores that we've had for more than a year and about 0.9% of growth came from those seven new stores that we added over the last 12 months. The car park in Europe, it's aging a little bit as well, but it's – you've got a couple different car parks in Europe right. You have Eastern Europe where the average age of a car is still 9.5, maybe 9.6 years old and then you've got Eastern Europe where the average age of car is over 14.5 years old. So there's some very different dynamics based on the geography. But the car park is continuing to grow. It's growing faster in Eastern Europe than it is in Western Europe. That's said, in 2016, the number of auto registrations in the UK hit an all-time high. So, there is a good backdrop for our businesses as we continue to move forward.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Well, thank you so much for that detail. I appreciate. The 55% to 60% of the mature stores in Rhiag, though, can you give us a number in terms of what they're growing at? I know the bend is above 10%...
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, yeah...
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: ...in the mature stores?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So, it's 5.6% to 6%.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Understood. Thank you again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you, Nick, for taking my questions. Can we dig a little bit into the collision business, and the parts and service numbers in the U.S. versus your relative position? So, if we think of the business as sort of 65%-35% collision versus mechanical, can you give us some flavor on what was happening in that mix given that there is two different sweet spots and collision is getting better, but mechanical probably gets a little worse?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Actually, no real shift, Michael, in our, kind of, if you want to think, product line revenue or growth. I mean, the reality is the core collision product, think about Keystone (41:43) in a box, if you will, the core aftermarket product grew higher than the 2.8% total. Our salvage mechanical parts, engines, transmissions and some of the other big mechanical pieces, right, they were above the 2.8% as well. Again, as has been the case now for several quarters, we do have some product lines that are soft. We talked about this in the past. Aluminum wheels, paint, cooling continue to be soft. But again, there has been no major shift in kind of the relative contribution of salvage versus aftermarket or mechanical versus collision.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So, we dug into the sort of a hot items like bumpers, mirrors, doors, they're showing really good trends and that's clearly a sign of, you're still gaining share relative to the market?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. And again, the fact that our organic was at 2.8% and total repairable claims are only up 1.7%, that gives us confidence that we are continuing to, at a minimum, hold our own and likely gaining share...
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Absolutely.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then if I switch gears to Europe, if Andrew Page got closed December 31 and T2 comes on as planned, how do you think about what that margin – the favorable margin implication of that is in 2018?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Well, so last year, in 2016, Andrew Page hit us for about $0.02 a share. As we've indicated this year, we think it's going to hit us for $0.03 a share. It's going to take some time. Once we get our – the ability to truly mange Andrew Page, it's not going to be an overnight flip, but ultimately we will be able to rationalize the way we believe all those losses and ultimately get it into a profitable situation. And so, yeah, I'd call, $0.02 to $0.03 of incremental value potentially next year.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Well, that's just getting to zero, right, I mean, as opposed to – take it from a loss of zero is $0.03?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Correct. Now, we anticipate we're going to be able to get it into profitability. But again, that doesn't happen overnight, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Got it. The leverage is greater than $0.03, because you'd start working towards your overall margins, which are prior to this sort of $0.10, $0.11. So that's, if I go from whatever the negative is, equated to $0.03 multi – three, five years plan, I head towards $0.11. That's what I'm playing with.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the key is going to be, we're – we continue to be optimistic, we continue to feel strongly in our perspectives. At the end of the day, it's how many of the branches that we've acquired are we going to be able to keep.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Does your case get made stronger, because of Uni-Select's Parts Alliance acquisition, now that there is a well-capitalized bigger player, owns the 160 branches?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Probably not, because the competitors on the street corner are still the same competitors on the street corner. They're just owned by somebody else.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then I presume that the Benelux transactions are key component from going from three to two-step and how quickly can that happen?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, just as we did in the Netherlands, where we brought some of the larger distributors that we were selling to, we brought some of our larger customers, the flip from three-step to two-step, that's really what the acquisition of the four businesses in Belgium were all about. They have a good market share and that will allow us basically to get to the last mile for the garage which is what – we were missing that.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And that integration to make that switch now that they're owned is relatively immediate, I mean, like within 90 days?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, again, nothing happens quite that fast, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: But over the next year, just like over the last year, as we've integrated the Netherlands tuck-in acquisitions, over a year, you begin to move it a little bit and, ultimately, it'll look like the one big seamless enterprise in Belgium.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. And then last question for me on opportunities to further consolidate market. So, you're not in Germany, France, Spain. There's big family businesses in Germany. There's two big businesses owned by private equity in France and lots of little companies in Spain. It appears that the bigger companies in France and Germany are being acquisitive too. So, couple of questions on this front. Are they being rational when they're being acquisitive and valuations are staying within reasonable ranges? And two, what's your opportunity, if they're showing a – they're being acquisitive, what's what your opportunity to penetrate those markets?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, again, we haven't bumped up against the big French companies in acquisitions kind of head-to-head, so I can't comment directly as to whether they're being rational or not. They're good companies, they're solid companies, they've got good capital structures, right. Whether they decide to sell is going to be up to their private equity owners. With respect to some of the other countries, Germany, Spain, if you will, we believe that given our presence in the marketplace, we will have an opportunity to at least look at those businesses if and when they come to market. And we think that with our base of operations, we have as much, if not more, ability to create synergies than anyone else in Europe. But we have to wait. Again, we can't force somebody to come to market.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: I think in the prepared remarks, you talked about the UK collision business gaining some traction as a cost saving initiative. Could you tell us what we are doing in collision revenues and maybe the growth rate over there?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the collision business, relative to the ECP is still relatively small, right? It's running somewhere on the order of £50 million, £60 million. But it's growing nicely. Collision in the UK, I think, was up about 10% in Q2 over Q2 of last year. So, still outperformance from a growth perspective. The key there is, ultimately, the insurance companies in Europe are no different than the insurance companies in the U.S. And they've got the same pressure to try and get claims costs down. And part of the way they do that is through parts, and part of the way they do that is through cycle time. I mean, we have, as you know, ongoing pilots and programs with 18 of the larger insurance companies over in the UK, and a couple of them have told us that, as a result of our ability to get them parts and get them parts quickly, they're seeing their cycle times begin to move down. So, we think that, ultimately, that bodes well for our ability to create an ever meaningful business in collision parts over – not just in the UK where we are today, but ultimately to bring that on to Continent as well.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then in the U.S., obviously, Specialty was a pretty solid and it looks like Stag and Coast deal have worked well on the RV side. Would you give us the mix of RV versus vehicle performance parts within Specialty?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: We don't disclose that, Bret. But if you backed into kind of what Coast was almost exclusively RV, and Stag was exclusively RV. So, you're – probably a little bit north of a third.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, in a collision publication, not too long ago, there was mentioned that maybe you're getting into some distribution of OE parts, with Fiat Chrysler as a partner. Could you comment on that initiative at all?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: We don't comment on any particular customer and the like, because of agreements that we have with some of our customers, at all. But the reality is, is we're always looking to expand our distribution of parts. I think there is a lot of folks in the marketplace who recognize the power that we have as being the largest distributor of collision-related parts in North America and that there is opportunities for them to leverage our distribution background.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So you are doing some OE parts, I guess, is the answer?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: We are.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And I guess one last question, I shouldn't even bother to ask the State Farm question, but anything going on with State Farm?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No new news.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, thank you, Bret.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Good afternoon. Good morning. Michael, nice to hear you on the call as well. I wanted to follow up on a prior question, regarding T2 and sort of the redundant costs you're facing in 2017 and how that might look in 2018 when those redundant costs roll off?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Craig, this is Nick. Good morning. As we've stated now going back to the mid 2015, right, we are incurring costs at T2 even though – well, at least up until last Tuesday hadn't shipped a single product out of the facility because we've been paying rent and we're paying utilities, we're staffing up with labor and the like. And in the meantime, we're keeping the other two facilities that will ultimately get shut down, they're running full bore. So we're still paying the rents and the utilities and the labor and everything else there. Ultimately, once we know that T2 is operating exactly as it needs to be and there is little to no risk of any fulfillment issues as it relates to keeping our 200 plus branches stock full on a daily basis, we will shut down two of other facilities. And so, we will save the rent and the labor and the like. We quantified that the impact of T2 was $0.03 last year, another $0.02 this year, so $0.05 in total. We won't begin to rationalize the other two facilities until 2018. So, we won't get the entire nickel back next year, but we will get, we believe, some good portion of that back. And then by 2019, there should be the rest of the positive benefits.
Michael S. Clark - LKQ Corp.: Craig, this is Michael. Just of note, the impact of T2 is transitioning from below gross margin to above gross margin as we move it into operation. So, you start to see the impact more on the gross margin than just on EBITDA.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. And then with respect to Europe, I'm guessing that some of your competitors there think of LKQ as their potential exit strategy given your M&A strategy. But I wonder to what extent you've got the scale necessary to attack some of those markets organically, at least where you have nearby operations?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Probably, we can go both ways. I mean if you think about what we've done with Rhiag, okay, we bought a really big business, and yet we've added more than 40 additional branches, which is a program that we brought to the table more than what they were doing on their own. I always believe that it's not just what you buy that's important, but what you do with what you buy, that's really important, and the ability to add branches is critical. We can go into some of those other locations and try and greenfield, if you will, and just add branches. Part of it is, though – creating a presence is hard and that would be a long road. So, it'd probably be a combination, Craig, of both acquired entities to get a base and then to continue to build the branch network, which we can do on our own once we have a base.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. And then last question from me, just in terms of North American organic growth, what is embedded in your forecast for 2018?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, if you take a look at – we narrowed the range based on where we are. The reality is, at the low end of the range, at 4%, if North American organic isn't around where it was in Q2, that will cover us for the low-end. At the high end, North American organic would probably need to move close to 4% in the back half of the year. So, longer looking, we would anticipate that North American organic, obviously, would continue to move up, particularly if we get any sort of normal winter weather pattern in 2018.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, that helps. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: If I could follow up on the North American organic growth side, recognizing that you have one less selling day in 3Q, you saw a nice sequential acceleration from 1Q to 2Q. Is it your expectation that growth should be similar to 2Q on a headline basis, or is there the potential for sequential further acceleration on headline front (57:06)?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Let's talk on a same-day basis, because that takes the calendar out of the mix.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: On a same-day basis, we think that Q2 kind of serves as a baseline. We're cognizant of the fact that as we move though the back half of the year, we get slightly easier comps, because as you recall, the organic growth comps in the back half last year were still coming in. So, I would say, a baseline that's slightly moving north in the back half of the year from a North American organic perspective.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, similarly, in 2Q, is there any color you could provide around cadence within the quarter as well as geographic disparities in performance? I know you touched on that in prior quarters that there was quite a bit of geographic disparity.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the Northeast and the kind of the Midwest, which are kind of key winter states, continue to be a little bit behind the curve on a relative basis to the overall LKQ footprint as a central region, and the West continue to be a bit stronger. Again, people got to remember, this is a big country. And what happens in the Northeast could be completely different than what's going on in the Southwest, right. And from a cadence perspective, we don't disclose results, Ben, as you know, but we're comfortable with where we're headed into Q3.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: That's great. And then just one last one for me, as it relates to your M&A strategy. You've steadily reduced leverage on the balance sheet as we've moved into the year. How much more do you think you need to delever the balance sheet before you feel comfortable making a major acquisition if the opportunity arises?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: If the opportunity arises, we're ready to go today.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: The reality is, is we're going to pay off or continue to pay down our debt, because we generate a lot of cash. And it's not a question of waiting to do an acquisition to get our – because we want to get our leverage down, it's really waiting for those acquisitions to come to market. We don't control the timing there.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, and good luck.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Hi, Nick. Just on...
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Samik.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Morning. Just on the North America segment, just wanted to get your thoughts. I know the aftermarket here has been a bit more challenging than years past, but do you see an opportunity to maybe accelerate some of the cost optimization plans you had for maybe like – initially scheduled for next year and excluding those to sort of pull ahead the earnings growth, is there some plans regarding that?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the reality is we're trying to continue to grow and optimize all of our businesses, whether it's on the salvage side or on the aftermarket side. Again, the core products on the collision space are actually performing quite well. As Michael indicated in his comments, the margins – gross margins in aftermarket were down just a tad. And part of that, quite frankly, has to do with – bigger customers get bigger discounts, and as the MSOs continue to get larger and larger and create a bigger piece of the pie, that's actually good for us, because they use a lot of the parts that we sell. On the operating side, again, we're trying to do the best we can to optimize our overall cost and whether it's things like the procurement initiatives, which were largely through Roadnet, which is – as I indicated in my comments, we think will continue to add benefits. Again Roadnet, it's not salvage versus aftermarket, it's our total parts, North America, but we will be able to get leverage there.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Is that helpful?
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Yeah. Defiantly. And just thinking about Europe and how much of headroom you have there still in terms of store expansions. I know on slide 19, you sort of specify what your store count is for ECP and Rhiag, and that's grown considerably since last year. How should we think about sort of what the long-term target would be for store count for like ECP and Rhiag, just to get a sense of how much growth is left just in terms of store expansion?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, the ECP question, Samik, is really going to depend on where we end up with Andrew Page and how many of those 106 branches that we've acquired we'll be able to keep, because assuming if we are able to keep most, all those, the need then to add incremental branches to be able to get closer to the customers goes down a bit. In Eastern Europe, where we've added those (1:02:55) branches over the last 12 months, we are in the early days there. That's a market where the car park is growing, the age of the cars is really old and so we sell – the demand for the types of parts we sell is really high. The organic growth there, we think, is going to be good for years to come and there's the ability to add, call it, 10 to 12 branches a quarter for a long time.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And just finally, clarification, I know in the Specialty segment, you mentioned a negative mix this quarter. Can you just provide some more details on what was that?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Could you ask that again?
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The negative mix in the Specialty segment which impacted gross margin this quarter, I believe that was part of the prepared remarks.
Michael S. Clark - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, there's a negative mix related to the sales channels we use, a little bit more on the drop ship side which has lower margins.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call. We do appreciate the time that you spent with us. Hopefully, this was helpful to everybody, and we look forward to chatting again in about 90 days. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corp.'s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Boutross, LKQ's Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the Risk Factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that I am happy to turn the call over to Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. This morning, I will begin our review with a few high-level financial metrics followed by an update on our operating segments and some macro trends we witnessed in Q1. Nick will follow with a detailed overview of our financial performance and revised guidance. Turning to slide 4, Q1 revenue reached $2.34 billion, an increase of 21.9% as compared to $1.92 billion in the first quarter of 2016. Revenue growth in parts and services was a strong 24.5% on a constant currency basis. Income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2017 was $140.8 million, an increase of 25.5% as compared to $112.2 million for the same period of 2016. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2017 was $0.45, an increase of 25% as compared to $0.36 for the same period of 2016. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.49, an increase of 16.7% as compared to $0.42 for the same period of 2016. During the first quarter, global organic revenue growth for parts and services was 4.5%. Now, turning to operations. Organic revenue for parts and services in North America was 1.8%, roughly in line with our expectations and guidance, and the performance we anticipated given the mild weather we were experiencing as we entered 2017 when we provided our initial guidance. According to NOAA, during March, the average contiguous U.S. temperature was over 10% warmer than the 20th century average. Record and near-record warmth spanned the West and Great Plains. Behind Q1 2012, the first quarter of 2017 was the second warmest first quarter period on record. Comparatively, the first quarter of 2016 was the fourth warmest. According to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims for the quarter were up only 1.1% nationally, 70 basis points lower than what we were able to achieve in North America parts and services growth. Furthering that point, according to the industry and supplier research, many of our collision shop customers and the smaller distributors faced flat-to-down results during Q1. Importantly, our core collision products such as Keystone Platinum Plus fenders, hoods, and lights and our key salvage collision and mechanical parts grew at a faster pace than the overall North America organic rate. With that said, and despite the weather headwind, during the quarter North America witnessed tremendous margin improvement with segment EBITDA increasing 210 basis points sequentially and 110 basis points year-over-year. Nick will provide margin details shortly. During Q1, we purchased 75,000 vehicles for dismantling by our North American wholesale operations, a 4.2% increase over Q1 2016. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains strong and the pricing dynamics we are witnessing are attractive. With inventory already on hand and the continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory for our recycled parts operations. We are confident our business will benefit from these trends. For our North American aftermarket business, we continue to see the expansion of our total collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 9% and 17%, respectively, year-over-year in the quarter. Also during the quarter, our aftermarket and PGW auto glass teams integrated three glass locations into our existing LKQ wholesale warehouses. The glass location integration is on schedule with six additional locations planned for the balance of the year. In our self-service retail business, during Q1 we acquired 133,000 lower cost, self-service and crush-only cars, which is a 6.4% increase over Q1 2016. During Q1 we increased our self-service procurement to take advantage of the favorable pricing for higher quality vehicles and increasing scrap prices in this line of business. Lastly, I am pleased with the ongoing benefits we are witnessing with our productivity initiatives. During the quarter North America realized 50 basis points of gross margin improvement from the aftermarket procurement savings alone. Roadnet, our route optimization technology, has made tremendous progress in the past year, and today is active in 343 locations with minimal locations active this time last year. At quarter end nearly 52,000 daily deliveries were tracked on a Roadnet system across 78,000 dispatched routes. In regards to macro trends, the North American market continues to grow its product offerings, the SAAR rate is robust and trends, such as miles driven and unemployment, continued to move in our favor. APU trends are favorable reaching 37% in 2016, a 100 basis point improvement over 2015. The number of certified parts continues to grow and our productivity initiatives are yielding quantifiable results. Now, moving to our European operations. In Q1, our Europe segment had strong organic revenue growth for parts and services of 8.5%, and acquisition growth of 51.5%, primarily related to Rhiag, which were offset by a decrease of 9.9% related to foreign exchange rates. During Q1, ECP drove solid organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.8%, and for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 5.1%. During the quarter, ECP integrated six new UK paint locations into existing ECP branches. At the end of Q1, ECP was operating 212 branches. During Q1, collision part sales of ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 18.9%. With respect to the T2 project, I am pleased with our continued progress. During Q1, we started testing the T2 automation. As indicated on our last call, once the automation process is solidified, we plan on starting deliveries in early Q3, and to be fully live in Q1 of 2018 with ECP's base business. This project continues to be both on budget and on schedule. Now turning to our Sator business. During Q1, Sator had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 3.4% and achieved its highest first quarter margin since we acquired the business in 2013. Now, on to Rhiag. March 18 marked the one year anniversary of Rhiag acquisition and, going forward, Rhiag will no longer be considered acquired revenue. Rhiag tracked in line with our expectations during the quarter and continues to execute on its growth initiative and expand its footprint. During the quarter, the Rhiag team opened 12 branches in Eastern Europe. With respect to the broader integration of our European operations, work is progressing on a number of major initiatives including procurement, cataloging, garage management systems, garage concepts such as branding garages with an LKQ brand name, a private label sourcing, and pricing. Now on to Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment posted year-over-year total revenue growth of 6.7% in the quarter largely due to impressive organic revenue growth of 6.3%. The sales of light trucks and RVs continued their upward trend at a solid pace. And given the depth of our product offerings, we believe our Specialty segment is well positioned to participate in that future growth. Now, turning to corporate development. In addition to finalizing the previously announced divestiture of PGW's automotive glass manufacturing business, during the first quarter of 2017, LKQ acquired parts recycling businesses in Michigan and in Sweden, and a specialty products business in Pennsylvania. Also, I am pleased to announce today that we are entering the $2.4 billion transmission repair market with the greenfielding of a remanufacturing transmission operation in Oklahoma. This project and new product line fits well with our operating philosophy of putting one more part on the truck. We anticipate opening this operation in Q4 this year. Our acquisition strategy has always been to acquire the best assets we can with high quality management teams and use those strengths to lever the growth of the businesses. As we look across our key segments, the acquisition pipeline is healthy with tremendous opportunities to grow our existing market share in key markets, expand the depth of our product lines, and enter new geographic markets and, in particular, throughout Europe. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on our financial results and our updated 2017 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everybody on the call. I am delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter before touching on the balance sheet and then addressing our upward-revised guidance for 2017. When taken as a whole, our financial performance in the first quarter of 2017 was excellent and slightly ahead of our expectations. We experienced solid revenue and earnings growth, headlined by the best margins our North American business has achieved in several years. My comments this morning will focus on the results from continuing operations which exclude the two months of activity for the PGW automotive glass manufacturing business which was sold on March 1, 2017, for $310 million. Consolidated revenue for the first quarter of 2017 was $2.3 billion representing a 21.9% increase over last year. That reflects a 21.7% increase in revenue from parts and services, aided by 25.9% increase in other revenue. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each business as I walk through the segment results. As noted on slide 12 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins improved 10 basis points to 39.7%. The uptick reflected significantly improved productivity in North America, offset by a decline in Europe, largely resulting from the inclusion of Rhiag which has lower gross margin structures and a decline due to our Specialty segment which has the lowest gross margin structure of all of our businesses. We gained about 10 basis points of efficiencies in our operating expenses largely due to lower facility and warehousing expense as a percent of revenue, reflecting the inclusion of Rhiag in the 2017 results as it has lower facility and warehousing expenses than our other businesses. Segment EBITDA totaled $290 million for the first quarter of 2017, reflecting the $54 million or 23% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. As a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 12.4%, a 10 basis point increase over the 12.3% recorded last year. During the first quarter of 2017, we experienced a $12 million decrease in restructuring cost compared to the prior year, but a $17 million increase in depreciation and amortization, the latter of which was due largely to the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions. With that, operating income for the first quarter of 2017 was up about $50 million or almost 27% when compared to the same period last year. Interest expense increased $9.4 million due to the increased borrowings to fund the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions. Non-operating expenses improved by about $7 million over last year as the Q1 2016 results included some one-time items related to the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions. With that, pre-tax income during the first quarter of 2017 was $213 million, up $47 million or 28% compared to the first quarter of last year. Our net tax rate during the first quarter was 33.9%, up from 32.1% in 2016. The 2017 rate reflected an effective rate of 35.25% and some discrete items that reduced the reported rate, the most significant of which is the excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation. The effective rate of 35.25% excluding discrete items is higher than last year due to a shift in the geographic mix of our earnings. Diluted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.45, which was up 25% compared to the $0.36 reported last year. Adjusted EPS which excludes restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, the tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation, and other one-time unusual items, was $0.49 in the first quarter of 2017 versus $0.42 last year, reflecting a 17% improvement. Stronger scrap prices added slightly more than $0.01 to EPS in Q1 2017. And as anticipated, the translation impact of currencies had a negative impact of $0.01 a share during the quarter. As highlighted on slide 13, the competition of our revenue continues to change due to the varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this mix shift impacts the trend in consolidated margins. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the first quarter of 2017 increased to $1.208 billion, up 11.8% over 2016. The overall growth in revenue resulted from a combination of 10.4% growth from parts and services and a 25.5% increase in other revenue, the latter of which was due primarily to higher prices received for scrap steel and other metals. The 10.4% growth in North American parts and services was the result of a combination of 1.8% organic growth plus 8.3% acquisition growth, and an additional 20 basis points of increase from the FX impact due to the strength of the Canadian dollar. There is no doubt that another very mild winter had an impact on our revenue. Rob mentioned the CCC statistic that repairable claims were up on average of only 1.1% in the U.S. during the first quarter of 2017. Indeed, 23 of the 50 states reported declines in collision and liability repairable claim volume on a year-over-year basis. Gross margins in North America during the first quarter were 44.4%, a recent high and up 180 basis points over the 42.6% reported last year. The strong results reflected the benefits of procurement initiatives in both our salvage and aftermarket operations, offset in part by the inclusion of the PGW aftermarket glass operation which, structurally, has lower margins. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment, we lost about 50 basis points of margin compared to comparable quarter of last year. Almost all of the increase in expense as a percent of revenue was due to the inclusion of the PGW aftermarket glass operation in the North American results in 2017 and with almost $6 million of shared PGW corporate expenses for the first two months were recorded as continuing operations even though these expenses went with the glass manufacturing sold on March 1. These shared costs will no longer be incurred by the PGW aftermarket operation. In total, EBITDA for the North American segment during the first quarter was $176 million, a 20.9% increase over last year. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the North American segment was 14.6% in Q1 of 2017, up 110 basis points from the 13.5% reported in the first quarter of last year. Again, these are the best margins the North American segment has reported in many years. As noted, scrap prices were stronger than anticipated in the first quarter of 2017 compared to last year and added slightly more than $0.01 to Q1 EPS. Assuming prices stay at the current levels, we will not get the same level of positive impact during the rest of the year. Moving on to our European segment, total revenue in the first quarter accelerated to $821 million, up from $547 million, a 50% increase. Organic growth for parts and services in Europe during the first quarter was 8.5%, reflecting the combination of 6.8% growth at ECP and 3.4% growth at Sator. Note that the Easter holiday fell in Q1 of 2016, but Q2 of 2017. So some of the European countries picked up extra selling days in Q1 of 2017, which increased the reported organic rate. This will reverse in Q2 as there are less selling days in some of the countries in April of 2017 compared to last year. On a per day basis organic growth in Europe was approximately 3.4% in the first quarter of 2017. New branch openings at Rhiag since the acquisition contributed to the overall European organic growth rate in the first quarter of 2017. And all of Rhiag will be fully blended into the organic growth results next quarter, albeit with a few less selling days. Gross margins in Europe decreased to 37%, a 110-basis-point decline over the comparable period of 2016. While both ECP and Sator reported the highest first quarter gross margins each has achieved in several years, the inclusion of Rhiag weighed down the consolidated European margins. As mentioned in prior calls, given the three-step distribution model in Italy and Switzerland, Rhiag has a lower gross margin structure than either ECP or Sator. And the shift in the revenue mix negatively impacts the consolidated European margins. Now that we have reached the one year anniversary of the Rhiag acquisition, this mix impact will largely disappear going forward. With respect to operating expenses as a percent of revenue, we experienced a 30-basis-point improvement on a consolidated European basis. On the positive, we benefited from the inclusion of Rhiag, which structurally has lower operating expenses than our other European business, and we also benefited from improved SG&A leverage in the UK. Offsetting these items were increased facility cost related to additional branches, the new T2 national distribution center in the UK, and the inclusion of Andrew Page, which is still losing money while we need to operate under a hold separate order issued by the Competitive Markets Authority (sic) [Competition and Markets Authority] (22:47). European segment EBITDA totaled $79 million, a 36.9% increase over last year. Relative to the first quarter of 2016, the pound declined 13% and the euro declined 3% against the dollar. So on a constant currency basis, EBITDA growth in Europe was 47.5%, which we believe is quite robust. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA on the first quarter was 9.6% versus 10.5% last year, a 90-basis-point decline. Approximately 70 basis points of the decline relates to the impact of Andrew Page and the incremental cost in 2017 related to the new T2 facility. Note the CMA is still reviewing our Andrew Page acquisition under the UK competition law. And it appears it could be moving toward a Phase 2 review for some or all of the business. That will likely extend the review time line for any portions referred into Phase 2 by an additional six to nine months. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue in the first quarter totaled $315 million, a 6.7% increase over the comparable quarter of 2016. The organic growth rate of 6.3% reflected the continued strength of sales of truck, towing, and RV parts, offset a bit by lower levels related to performance part sales. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the first quarter decreased 240 basis points compared to last year, largely due to lower supplier discounts, unfavorable product mix, and higher warehouse cost capitalized into inventory due to the two new distribution centers added last year. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down about 230 basis points as we continue to see the leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing network. EBITDA for the Specialty segment was $35 million, up 6% from Q1 of 2016. And as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment was flat with the prior year at 11.3%. Remember this is a highly seasonal business and the first quarter is typically pretty strong, as demonstrated by the graph in the lower right-hand corner of slide 18. Consistent with normal seasonal patterns, you should assume these margins will moderate as we move through the back half of the year. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 19, you will note that our after tax cash flow from continuing operations during the first quarter was approximately $176 million as we experienced strong earnings and only a moderate increase in working capital. During Q1 we deployed $117 million of capital to support the continued growth of our businesses, including $41 million to fund capital expenditures and $76 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. The largest capital changes reflect the paydown of $326 million of debt, largely funded by the net proceeds derived from the sale of the PGW glass manufacturing business. At March 31, we had a little more than $3 billion of debt outstanding and approximately $265 million of cash, resulting in net debt of about $2.8 billion or approximately 2.6 times LTM EBITDA. We have more than $1.3 billion of availability on our line of credit, which together with our cash, yields total liquidity of over $1.6 billion. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have provided updates to guidance on a couple of our key financial metrics for 2017. As it relates to the organic growth for parts and services, we continue to be comfortable with the range of 4.0% to 6.0% for 2017, essentially consistent with our recent experience. Our range for adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations which excludes restructuring expenses, the after tax impact of intangible amortization, and the excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation, was increased to a range of $1.82 to $1.92 a share, with a midpoint of $1.87, up $0.02 a share. Based on our shares outstanding, that range implied an adjusted net income of approximately $565 million to $595 million with a midpoint of $580 million. Our assumed effective tax rate before discrete items for 2017 is 35.25%. Our guidance for cash flow from operations is approximately $615 million to $645 million with a midpoint of $630 million, while the guidance for capital spending remains constant at $200 million to $225 million. Finally, page 23 sets forth the updated chart included in the Q4 call materials, which bridges the actual 2016 earnings per share from continuing operations to the midpoint of our updated 2017 guidance. You will note that with the exception of the growth in the base business, which increased by $0.02 to $0.19 a share, all the other items are on track with the levels anticipated at the time of our call back in February. And at this point, I'll turn the call back over to Rob to wrap up.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance, but we are equally focused on facing change head-on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees and, most importantly, our customers. It is clear, as headwinds present themselves, our team actively adjust to market conditions to effectively and profitability manage their businesses, not only for today, but to position us well for the future. This focus has allowed us again to deliver double-digit EPS growth. And before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to thank all of our nearly 40,000 employees, our stockholders, our board, our external constituents, friends and, most importantly, my family, for your trust, loyalty, support and commitment over the last six years as LKQ CEO. There simply are not enough words to explain my gratitude. As I step aside and enter a new chapter of my life, I can say with utter conviction and enthusiasm that I have never been more excited about the future of LKQ and delighted that the board have selected Nick to be my successor. The transition is on schedule and would expect to formally pass the baton to Nick over the next month or two. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Rob, best wishes. Thanks for everything over the years and hopefully we can stay in touch.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: So, the remanufactured transmission greenfield late in the year, that's interesting. Could you frame up the size of that market? What the acquisition opportunities might look like over there as far as the pace or the cadence of the rollout of that program? And is that your reman engine business that's quite a large business today for you (30:52).
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Research tells us, Ben, that it's about a $2.4 billion a year repair – just the automatic transmissions that we're going to focus on – which also Oklahoma City because it's near our core division in Texas. What's interesting about what we do obviously is we're selling roughly 300,000 used transmissions into the marketplace. We pick up a core with everyone of those. So, we're going to be able to put them right back into reman and put them back on our shelves. What's also good about the data we have is that we know which transmissions are on high demand based on our activity for used transmissions. So, we're going to focus on those high, fast-moving units at first. The management team is hired. As you mentioned, we have a very strong reman engine division. They're actually overseeing this. I have the utmost confidence in our team. And quite frankly, the reason why we're greenfielding is there really aren't a lot of good acquisition candidates out there. There's a lot of what we call bench techs where – like in AAMCO Transmission where they pull your transmission repair and put it back. So, there aren't many doing this on this level. So, we're excited about the opportunity. We expect our first transmission to be sold in Q4 and we think it's going to be a sizeable opportunity for us.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then the gross margin improvement in North America, can you talk about how the progress you've made there, the $9.4 million year-to-date, tracks relative to your expectations? What your expectation is for what's left there? And then sort of the cadence of that as we move through the year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure, Ben. This is Nick. Obviously, the improvement in the North American gross margins are coming from really all parts of the business, whether that's the full-service salvage, the aftermarket parts, as well as our self-service operations and the like. The key there is the procurement. It has less to do with selling prices. It all has to do with improvements from a procurement perspective. The activity at the auctions continues to be very strong as far as product flow. We're buying good product at good prices. We're focusing on getting a few more parts off of each of those cars because, ultimately, we earn more money when we sell a part than when we send it to the crusher, if you will. Clearly, the improvements and the focus on aftermarket procurement that we put into place about 18 months ago is really helping. Again, the total productivity initiatives, which includes things beyond just cost of goods sold items was over $9 million in the quarter. We are about $9 million last year or last – in the fourth quarter of last year as well. So, we're annualizing now at about $35 million, $36 million. All of that helps. All of that helps drive down the cost of goods sold and improving the margins.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then just one last one for me. On the Andrew Page expense impact, looks like it moderated from 4Q to 1Q. I'm curious that move from, I think 120-basis-point impact in 4Q to 80-basis-point impact. Is that seasonality or is this moderation sort of a cadence that we should expect as we move through the balance of the year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, we are doing a little bit better than we were in the fourth quarter when we initially acquired the business. But we still have to operate under the hold separate order. And so, there's only so much, Ben, we can do as it relates to the day-to-day activities at Andrew Page. Our goal is to keep the losses to a minimum until we can get full control of the business.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Best of luck. Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Hi, Rob. Hi, Nick. Just wanted to get your – good morning. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the North America parts and service group. You mentioned that results there have been stronger in 1Q than you expected particularly on the margin front. But related to the organic growth, how do you calculate it for your expectation and even putting the weather issues that you had mentioned previously aside, how you're feeling about the strength of the underlying market there?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the North American organic of 1.8% is consistent with what we signaled during our fourth quarter call. At that point in time, we said that for the year, we were looking at 2% to 4% in North America. We anticipated that the first quarter in particular was going to be at or below the low end of the range, at 1.8%. That's exactly where we came up. The reality is January and February were tough, March was the best month of the quarter. From a growth perspective, March tends to be a stronger month, in general. So, we are cautiously optimistic with respect to what that could mean for the rest of the year. We're still comfortable with the 2% to 4% range. Again, at the low end of the range, if we just do 2.1% for the back nine months, we'll hit 2%. To get to 4% we need to be at 4.7%, on average, for the back nine months. We probably need some help from the industry trends to get us to the upper end of the range. But again, it's still – in theory, it's still within reach. At the midpoint of the range, if we do 3.4%, we'll annualize out at 3.0% for the year. So, at the end of the day, the trends – Rob talked about the 1.1% increase in repairable collision and liability claims, that's as low it has been for quite some time. The reality, I mentioned the 23 states were actually down. The states that had the largest increase included locations like Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho. I mean, it's great that they're up significantly but there's no cars in those states. So, it didn't really help us very much. So, again, we remain cautiously optimistic that the trends will improve through the year and coming off of a relatively slow start.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: I'd actually like to add to that, obviously, we got to do some easier comps in the back half of the year. We are seeing more cars moving to that sweet spot as the sour rate from three years ago really starts to move in. As Nick mentioned there was macro trends. It was nice to see that APU finally went up 100 bps to 37%, miles driven, unemployment, fuel is still relatively cheap. So, we feel good that those macro trends has turned into more claims. I think we're well positioned.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. And just quickly on the EPS guidance, you raised the guidance in simple terms. Is it really driven by any of the revenue expectations like, for example, revenue expectations from Europe, anything improving on that side? Or is it more a reflection of the margins trend that you saw across your businesses?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: It's really – we anticipate that we're going to fall into our guidance from a growth perspective, that the margins will continue to be pretty strong. Again, we did a little bit better than we anticipated in Q1. Now, we also know that a penny of that was the higher scrap prices which we did not anticipate. And we don't think we will get the same uptick on scrap in the balance of the year. Again, you got to remember scrap prices in Q1 of last year were in the $92 range or somewhere thereabouts. So, it was a pretty big lift on a year-over-year basis. Again, we were anticipating scrap at $125 a ton or so coming into the year and it was a little bit better than that. So it's a combination of consistent growth, consistent with our guidance, and good margins.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And one final question if I may. One common pushback, investor pushback that I get is really – and I know you've probably answered this before – is the increasing complexity of new vehicle parts or parts used by new vehicles trade (40:10). And so when you look at the aftermarket suppliers that you work with, how are you – what are your thoughts on their preparedness to sort of supply these increasingly complex parts going forward?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Really no issues there at all. Aluminum, high-strength steel, all of our manufacturers have access to that. In fact, they're producers for the OEs. So they have an aftermarket division and an OE division. So that should not be an issue at all. As far as some of the sensors that go into the components, insurance companies won't use aftermarket or recycled sensors. So those were parts we really couldn't sell before anyway. So it's really not an issue. The more expensive components though, should bode well for us, because we can replicate them and obviously, we have them in the used as well. So we should receive a little bit of a tailwind there.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. Great. Thanks for taking our questions.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Samik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with R.W. Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thank you. And, Rob, from employee number 55 to the CEO of this great company, congratulations on a great career.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Craig, appreciate that.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So as the board pursues Nick's successor, could you give us any color on what type of attributes they're looking for?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure, Craig. And I can assure everyone the search process has been launched. We've retained a firm. The initial feedback from prospective candidates has been incredibly positive. We've reviewed dozens of candidates on paper over the last couple weeks. We'll move into the next part of that process very shortly. I'm highly confident that finding capable candidates is not going to be the issue. The key is going to be finding somebody who fits LKQ from a cultural perspective. When you think about the attributes, clearly somebody who has public company experience would be helpful, either as a sitting CFO or as a strong number two. If we could find somebody with distribution and/or automotive experience, that would be a plus obviously. A big part of our business is overseas, so some international experience would be helpful. We do a lot of M&A work, and so somebody who has been part of that process again would be helpful. Capital markets expertise. The fact that we are going to continue to grow business quite rapidly, and we're going to need to fund that growth. And ultimately, we're looking for the best candidate with the best fit. But if we can find a diverse candidate, that would be an added plus. So you put all that into the mix. We doubt that anybody is going to fit all that perfectly. But that's kind of what's on the wish list, Craig.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That helps. And then I had a question about your Specialty business. Growth in that business was stronger than we had anticipated. I'm wondering how much of that is market demand versus things you might be doing to improve SKU count or drive growth in other ways?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. I think it's fair to say it's both, Craig. Obviously the SAAR rate, most people are projecting that's going to start to plateau. Truck sales and SUVs are very strong, which is the core bread and butter of that division. We constantly add new SKUs and grow the business through that side, through inventory. But clearly the demand is very strong for these type of products. So we are cautiously optimistic that's going to continue, with the SAAR rate being strong in those type of vehicles. So we're expanding. We look for new geographic – and of course geographic locations and of course, our announcement last quarter of our expansion of this product line into Europe and the UK. So we think there's opportunities in Europe as well. So that's going to be a good product line for us going forward.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks and best wishes.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hoffman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you, Rob, Nick, and Joe for taking my questions. Can you help me with the extra day just to think about it in halves? If I look at first half of 2016 versus first half of 2017 and the day moving around, how do I think about the 3.4 (44:48) looks like what to 2Q on a like-for-like basis? What am I talking about? 40 basis points? 100 basis points moving around?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, Michael, this is Nick. And good morning.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, Nick.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: The first half kind of balances it out. It really had to do with the Easter weekend in Europe, where you had the biggest impact. Easter was in I believe the last week of March or towards the last week of March in 2016. Obviously impacted Q1. Some of the European countries, it's basically a day off, both on Good Friday and on Easter Monday, the Monday after Easter. That fell into April this year. So when you look at the first half, it should basically cancel each other out. So a little bit stronger growth in Q1. It would be a little bit softer growth in Q2 on a reported basis, just because of the impact of the Easter holiday. But it should all wash out. We talked about in the Q4 call, last year was a leap year. And so there's one less day on the calendar. That really manifests itself in the U.S. Actually the way the calendar falls from a working day perspective, it doesn't pop out till the third quarter, if you will, where we're down one day. So hopefully that helps.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Well, I get all that. What I'm really trying to figure out, what's one day equal in volume? Is it...
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, one day on a quarterly basis is about 1.5%, right? Because in the U.S. we tend to have about 63, 64 business days in a quarter. So if you take one day out, you're about 1.5%.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And so – and that's the same math for Europe then?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So yes.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. Okay. All right. That helps. And then if you net out the year-over-year difference in scrap in your North American margin, that delta is 30 basis points, 40 basis points, you still would have shown an improvement. I'm just trying to get to the (47:05)...
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: The scrap gave us a little bit more than $0.01. A $0.01 is about $5 million of pre-tax. So, that's probably the best way to think about it.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, that's more like 20 basis points, 25 basis points, the difference. So, 14.3 looks like 14.1 (47.26) without the benefit of the metal?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then in North America, we talked about the mix between collision repair versus mechanical trends. If I balance out – so I'm thinking 65% of revenues are collision and 35% are mechanical, what were the trends inside that part of the book?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. The trends were actually pretty similar, if you will. Again, the salvage side of business really serves both markets, right. Obviously, we sell sheet metal and the likes off of a recycled vehicle, but the most valued parts of the engine and the transmission which go into the mechanical side of the business. And again, the growth of the aftermarket and what I'll call the core collision aftermarket product, the hoods, the fenders, the lights, the bumpers and the like, was pretty comparable actually to the growth of the salvage business.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: I will add, Michael, that obviously, the aging car part bodes very well for our mechanical, used engines, used transmissions, and future reman transmissions as well. So, we think we're well positioned on the mechanical side.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. All right. Rob, good luck.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Michael.
Michael E. Hoffman - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And thank you for taking my questions.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much and let me just add my sentiment as well. Rob, wish you the best. You've been great to work with and, like I said, wishing you the best in your future endeavors. And, Nick, very excited that you're going to be taking on some responsibilities here in the interim and look forward to that as well.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jim.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks. And Rob is not going far. He's going to stay as a consultant with us, and I've got all sorts of ideas as to how to keep him plenty busy.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Well, in that case then, glad to have you around.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: (49:44)
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Very good. At any rate, I wanted to maybe ask in a different way North America organic growth. We've talked about now in several quarters the fact that units in operation, there is this older-than-average car park, and as values come down for those vehicles, there's just different determinations as to what makes sense to repair versus total loss. And it sounds like we're going to be in this air pocket for a while and I'm wondering if we're watching closely in terms of values of vehicles, and we've seen residual values decline more recently here, NADA data and so forth. Is there a potential for a negative pivot even further if we see a further erosion of residual values? And how should we think about that perhaps impacting your organic growth rates next nine months?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Clearly, total losses are tied to residual values or actual cash values, but the insurance industry uses the term. Obviously, we expect, and with the aging car part, to see total losses to continue. Now, we meet with CCC every quarter. There was a slight uptick in total losses in Q1, but it's hanging right around that high-18% range. Their prediction is it starts to level off as these newer car part gets into the repair cycle here. But the older cars are certainly sticking around. As used car values drop, that will obviously increase the total losses, if that happens. Interesting, Manheim reported they were slightly up last month. So, we haven't really seen that happen yet, that the residual value is coming down. Should that happen, though, I remind everybody that how we get our inventory for salvage. So, even if it takes up to 19%, 20%, that's still four or five cars are repairing. And one of the things that I think holds us back in our organic growth is the availability of inventory. So, if there's an uptick in total losses, it's not necessarily a bad thing where there's so many cars still being repaired. Now, if that was to go up dramatically, then I think I would change my tune on that, Jamie, but for now, I think there's a healthy balance between total losses and repairable.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. And the other thing CCC mentioned is they believe that the uptick in the total loss rates is directly tied to the age of the car part. The reality is when we're buying a car that's 9, 10, 11 years old at auction, we're not buying it for the sheet metal, we're not buying it for the hoods and the fenders, and the doors, if you will, because most of those cars aren't getting repaired anyways. We're buying it for the mechanical components, the engine and transmission, because the sweet spot there is really cars 7- to 14-years model years old. And so, the more of those cars we can buy, the better we will be to service our customers.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: And that was my comment to Michael on the previous question, was that – it's the older cars – our mechanical businesses was well primed for that side of the business. So, the more total losses, older cars, more inventory we can get for those mechanical components.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. And obviously, you've reiterated today your 2% to 4% outlook. And so, to the extent that you would have seen something incremental in this data, you would have, I guess, revisited that and you didn't, right? So, it seems like you, maybe at the lower end of that range, have baked in some of this already, if I'm interpreting that correctly.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. I think that's (53:11)
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Very good. Well, thanks again. And like I said, Rob, best of luck with everything, and look forward to staying in touch.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. How should we think about the cadence of the CCC data in the sense that it was down – it's marginally up year-over-year, but the first quarter of last year, I think was probably better. Does the comparison ease as you get into 2017?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Interestingly, we said that – Bret, that it was 1.1%. For Q1 of 2016, it was 1.4%. So, claims line actually came down this year versus last year. Where they go, claims line, in the future months, we're not sure obviously. But our comps do get easier so that's why we think we're going to be okay on the organic growth.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, on the reman business, how do we think about the longer-term margin impact, assuming that's a successful business you've grown in that $2.4 billion category? How does that compare to the North American average?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, the best gauge we can tell you is our experience on reman engines because we have a pretty active business there. And the margins there are very consistent and very strong of gross margins relative – north of 40% range, which is consistent with our North American business. And we fully anticipate that our margins in the reman transmission business will be in that same zip code.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And then last question, I guess on the Mekonomen Group. I think I saw that John Quinn had become Chairman of that operation. Is that something that – what's your longer term plan there as you get more involved?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. So, as we announced last quarter, we have the 26.5% ownership position in Mekonomen are publicly held entity over in Sweden. We actually have two board members, both John Quinn and Joe Holsten, our Chairman, serve on the board of Mekonomen. We're very happy with our current position there. We believe it's a terrific company. They're working through some growth issues as well, but we're going to remain a very interested shareholder and, again, we're happy with our current position.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And if I can squeeze one last one in. On the APU, it's good to see that growing again. Is that industry-wide uptake on alternative parts or is that sort of being driven by this sort of the secular market share gains from the MSOs? I mean, obviously you've got a few big consolidators out there gaining a lot of share and they over-index to APU. Is it across the board or is it being driven by some of the big guys taking market share?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: I think it's both, Bret. I think that MSOs are driving it as well as the insurance companies. About 50-somewhat-percent is going through a true DRP environment, the other 50% is being driven by the insurance industry. So, it's a combination of both.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ryan.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, first question for me is on your guidance as it relates to operating margins. It looks like you're expecting operating margins to rise in the second half of the year. Is this mainly driven by North America or did the other segments started to help as well?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. No. Nobody should anticipate a significant uptick in margins, if you will, in the back half of the year. The growth will help. We have – our business is a little bit seasonal, part of the reason we put in the historical margins on a quarter-by-quarter basis for each of the businesses into our chart is so folks can take that into account, if you will. Clearly, if you just track historically, Q1 and Q2 tend to be good quarters. The third quarter tends to be a little bit softer and then we pick up again – generally, pick up a bit in Q4.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, secondly, it looks like accident claims, the year-over-year growth in the first quarter was a little slower than the fourth quarter, yet you saw a little bit of a pickup in North American organic. So, is this share gains and possibly the sales initiatives kicking in here?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: They're definitely taking market share, we believe that. Just as we are very inquisitive, we look at other people's – our competitor's financials as we buy companies. We are definitely taking up market share. No doubt about it.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: And now the sales initiatives that you've instituted, are those kicking in or is that going to take a little while.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: That's going to take a little while, Ryan, but we certainly – we're focusing on more market – more wallet share of our customers and we're slowly aligning our sales reps towards those goals. So, that's going to take a little bit more time.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: I just wanted to follow up with the last question on the sales force compensation changes. Just more detail on what you've done so far and if you've seen any turnover as a result of the changes. Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. It's not sales force compensation changes. We haven't changed the compensation of our reps. It's more just how they're being commissioned on the growth of those customers. So, we are not seeing a turnover of those reps at that level. It's just rewarding them more for growing a segment of our business.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Rob for closing remarks.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We look forward to updating you in July when we announce our Q2 results. Thanks, everybody. Have a good day.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Ali Faghri - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. Also note, the guidance for 2017 is based on current conditions including acquisitions completed through February 23, 2017, and excludes any impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, loss and debt extinguishment, and capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Hopefully, everyone had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. This morning, I will begin our review with a few high-level full-year 2016 financial results, followed by an update on our operating segments. Nick will follow with a detailed overview of our financial performance in Q4 and our guidance for 2017. For full-year 2016, revenue reached $8.58 billion, an increase of 19.3%, as compared to $7.19 billion for full year of 2015. This number excludes revenue from PGW's OEM glass manufacturing business whose planned divesture was announced in Q4. Nick will provide the overall financial impacts of this transaction shortly. Net income for full-year 2016 was $464 million, an increase of 9.6%, as compared to $423.2 million for 2015. Diluted earnings per share for full-year 2016 was $1.50, an increase of 8.7%, as compared to $1.38 for the same period of 2015. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.80, an increase of 20.8%, as compared to $1.49 for 2015. For the full year of 2016, parts and services organic revenue growth was 4.8% and acquisition revenue growth was 19%, while the impact of exchange rates was negative 2.5%, for total parts and service revenue growth of 21.3%. Adjusting for differences in selling days during the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved global organic growth of 5.2% on a per day basis. Turning to our North American operations, adjusted for having one less selling day, our North American segment had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 3% during the fourth quarter, performance consistent with what we've witnessed throughout all of 2016. For full-year 2016, North America had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 2.9%, which is 40 basis points above the full year 2.5% collision and liability-related auto claims reported by CCC. It's important to note that when looking at our North America growth, there continued to be variations across the platform. There were geographic differences with the Central and West regions continuing to perform much better than our Northeast and Midwest regions where we witnessed mild weather conditions. In wholesale aftermarket, certain part types like our core Keystone fenders, hoods, bumpers, and lights grew faster than the overall North America growth rate, while paint and related products, cooling products and aluminum wheels experienced year-over-year declines. So, there were definite spots of strength and spots of weakness. As we enter 2017, we are implementing additional programs targeted at specific product lines and making some adjustments to the sales organization, all in an effort to drive improvement in the growth metrics. During Q4, we acquired 77,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 4.1% increase over Q4 2015. For full-year 2016, procurement of dismantling vehicles was 291,000, a slight increase over 2015. For our North American aftermarket parts business, we continue to see improvements in our total collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 9.8% and 17.8% respectively in 2016. This trend validates our suppliers' commitment of investing in the development of new tools to manufacture aftermarket parts to support the growth in SAAR and related new model designs. In our self service retail business, during Q4, we acquired 129,000 lower-cost self service and crush only cars, which is a 14.5% increase over Q4 2015. For full-year 2016, vehicle procurement was 524,000, an increase of 11.3% from 2015. Turning to the 2016 results of our ongoing intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC. The revenue and number of purchase orders processed through the CCC platform during 2016 grew 66% and 63% respectively year-over-year. On an annualized basis, the revenue from this initiative is now tracking over $47 million. Lastly, I am pleased with the progress of our Roadnet productivity initiative. Since inception, we have been able to increase miles per route from 101 to 129, allowing us to cover eight stops per miles driven versus a previous average of six without any significant increase in head count. At the end of 2016, Roadnet was operating at 319 locations across North America with 3,900 vehicles traveling 9.6 million miles per month across a network of 74,000 routes and making 1.1 million stops per month. During his presentation, Nick will discuss the financial benefit of our overall productivity initiative realized in 2016 and their projected impact in 2017. Now, moving to our European operations. In 2016, our Europe segment had solid organic revenue growth for parts and services of 7.2% with limited contribution from new branch openings, and acquisition growth of 47.1% primarily related to Rhiag. This growth was offset by a decrease of 7.9% related to foreign exchange rates. For full-year 2016, ECP continued its impressive track record of delivering strong organic revenue growth for parts and services of 8.1%. For branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 6.6%. This performance is particularly impressive in the midst of all the market uncertainty surrounding Brexit. In addition, collision parts sales at ECP continued their double-digit growth, posting 15.4% in 2016. Operationally, the collision team had a busy 2016, which included entering the Republic of Ireland with our paint business and the integration of six UK paint locations into existing ECP branches. This integration will produce synergies with a shared fleet and will provide a collaborative sales approach between our collision parts specialists and our paint sales advisors to target and service the body shop requirements with a one-stop shop solution. Today, we offer over 18,000 unique collision SKUs to both the UK and the Republic of Ireland. With respect to the T2 project, I am pleased with our continued progress. We expect to begin testing the T2 automation in Q2. Once the automation process is solidified, we plan on starting deliveries in early Q3 and to be fully live in Q1 of 2018 for ECP's base business. This project continues to be both on budget and on schedule. Regarding Andrew Page, the UK Competition and Markets Authority continues to review the acquisition and assess whether transaction would be – would unreasonably lessen competition in the UK market. With that, we do expect this transaction to have a dilutive impact on 2017 earnings. With the number of licensed vehicles in the UK and overall traffic levels reaching an all-time high in 2016, and the inevitable ageing of the UK car park, ECP is very well positioned to continue their growth with their extensive network, robust product offerings, and the opening of T2 in 2018. Turning to our Sator business. In 2016, Sator achieved organic revenue growth for parts and services of 4.5%, the highest annual rate since we acquired this business in 2013. Also, since acquiring the business, Sator achieved their highest annual margins in 2016. This ongoing performance is a clear validation of our strategy to convert their network to a two-step distribution model, the expansion of their existing product lines, and the leveraging of procurement synergies with ECP and now with Rhiag. And with respect to Rhiag, it continues to track in line with our expectations. We opened an additional eight branches during the quarter, primarily in Central and Eastern Europe, bringing the total, since acquisition, to 28. Importantly, and as I mentioned on the last call, we continue to aggressively gather the necessary data and communication plan amongst our European businesses with the objective of implementing a targeted and sustainable Pan-European procurement function. Now, on to our Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment posted year-over-year total revenue growth of 13.5% in 2016, including the benefits of The Coast acquisition and an impressive organic revenue growth of 6.9%. During 2016, the Specialty team continued to focus on streamlining fulfillment processes, route optimization, ensuring best-in-class inventory availability, and expanding product and service offerings including dealer-friendly online solutions. This focus enabled our Specialty segment to generate their best EBITDA margin since the company entered this segment in 2013. Now, turning to the glass business. As previously mentioned, on December 19, 2016, we announced the sale of our OEM glass manufacturing business to a subsidiary of Vitro. The results of our OEM glass manufacturing business are reported in discontinued operations for 2016. Importantly, this divestiture will allow our team to focus on the existing aftermarket glass distribution business and the synergies that exist with our North American aftermarket locations and customer base. Going forward, the aftermarket replacement glass or ARG will be combined with our North American segment from an operating perspective. To understand the synergy opportunities and facility overlap, please turn to slide 8 in our earnings deck, which highlights the ARG locations in relations to our – the existing aftermarket locations. For 2017, we are projecting integration of nine ARG locations into LKQ existing wholesale warehouses and adding three new satellite locations into our existing network. And now, turning to corporate development. On December 1, 2016, the company acquired a 26.5% equity interest in Mekonomen Group from Axel Johnson. Headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, Mekonomen Group is the leading independent car parts and service chain in the Nordic region of Europe. Mekonomen will remain independent of LKQ's existing European operations. However, we look forward to exploring, together with Mekonomen's management, areas where the companies can work together in a mutually beneficial manner. Following the announcement of this investment on January 10, 2017, Joe Holsten and John Quinn were appointed to the Mekonomen Board of Directors. In addition to the previously mentioned acquisition of Andrew Page and our investment in Mekonomen, during the fourth quarter of 2016, LKQ acquired a distributor of aftermarket automotive products in the Netherlands, a salvage yard in Sweden, a distributor of automotive paint products in Pennsylvania, and three heavy-duty truck aftermarket radiator distributors in the U.S. Also in the fourth quarter, LKQ's European operations opened two new Euro Car Part branches in United Kingdom and eight new branches in Eastern Europe. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on our financial results and our 2017 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Rob. And good morning to everybody on the call. I'm delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter before touching on the balance sheet and addressing our guidance for 2017. In December, we announced we had entered into an agreement to sell the OEM operations of the PGW business. And with that, the accounting rules require us to do several things that make the fourth quarter results a bit confusing. So, I will spend a little less time on the segment results, which I set forth in the presentation, and I will spend a bit more time trying to get everybody on the same page in understanding the correct apples-to-apples comparisons. The sale of the OEM business, which is slated to close on February 28, requires us to treat the OEM activities of PGW as a discontinued operation, and thereby, eliminating the related OEM revenue and expenses from the consolidated totals both for the quarter and for the year as a whole. So, the revenue and expense line item amounts shown in our income statement include the aftermarket replacement glass side of PGW, which we refer to as ARG, but exclude the OEM side. The impact of the OEM business is netted down to a single line item on the income statement labeled Income from Discontinued Operations. In arriving at the OEM income, under U.S. GAAP, 100% of the costs related to any person or expense item that had some involvement with the aftermarket business during the year, regardless how limited, had to be recorded as continuing operations even though the people and/or expenses are actually going to Vitro as part of the sale. So, even though most of the PGW officers like the President, CFO, Heads of HR and IT, et cetera, and most of the Finance IT and HR teams will be employees of Vitro after the sale, 100% of their costs since the acquisition date are recorded as part of ARG and included in continuing operations. So, it will appear that the OEM business is more profitable and the ARG business less profitable than how their respective businesses will actually perform post-closing, everything else being equal. Next, even though the sale has not closed in Q4, we needed to record a non-cash charge reflecting the difference between the anticipated sale proceeds and the book value of the assets of the OEM business. In our 8-K filing last December, we highlighted a probable loss of $25 million to $35 million, and we came in near the lower end of that range at $27 million on a pre-tax basis. The after-tax impact of the loss is netted against the OEM operating income and is included in the line titled Income from Discontinued Operations. Finally, you will note that we have eliminated the glass segment from our line of business reporting. Due to differences between the glass manufacturing business and our prior lines of business, we have been reporting the entire glass business as a separate segment. With the sale of the OEM business, the aftermarket glass operations will be melded into our North American aftermarket management structure. Importantly, as Rob noted, we are in the process of physically integrating a handful of existing PGW aftermarket branches into LKQ aftermarket warehouses, and anticipate more of that to come over the next few years. So, while ARG represents a new product, it's basically the same business, the distribution of aftermarket auto parts sold and delivered to repair shops. And the business now reports up to Justin Jude, our Senior Vice President of North American Wholesale Operations. With all that, the glass business no longer qualifies as a separate reportable segment and is now part of North American operations. Since the margin structure of the ARG business is slightly different than our historical North American businesses, some of the year-over-year margin changes in the North American segment simply reflect a mix shift in the addition of glass, and I will try to point out the impact of those changes as we go through this discussion. Revenue for the ARG business will continue to be accounted as acquired revenue until the anniversary of the acquisition at the end of April, at which point in time, it will be folded into the North American organic growth metric. So, now onto our results. The fourth quarter of 2016, when taken as a whole, was an excellent quarter. Organic growth for parts and services in the fourth quarter was right in the middle of the range we discussed during our last call, and adjusted earnings per share fell right on top of the consensus estimates of the analysts who cover our company. Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased 23% over last year. That reflects a 23.5% increase in revenue from parts and services, the components of which include approximately 3.8% from organic growth plus 23.5% from acquisitions, for constant currency growth of 27.3%, before backing out the translation impact of FX which was a 3.8% decline. Remember, we had one less selling day in 2016 compared to last year. So, on a same day basis, the organic growth was 5.2%. The OEM sale does not impact any of the metrics for organic growth in parts and services, as all of the PGW revenue fell in the acquired revenue bucket in 2016. As noted on slide 13 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins declined 130 basis points to 38.6% due primarily to the impact of the big acquisitions. You will recall that both Rhiag and PGW have lower gross margins than our historical businesses. While consolidated gross margins were down, consolidated operating expenses as a percent of revenue were also down by about 80 basis points lower than last year. Some of that reflects the impact of the different margin structure of the two acquisitions and some of it reflects improved efficiencies in the historical businesses. Segment EBITDA totaled $222 million for the quarter, reflecting a 15% increase from 2015. As a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 10.3%, a 70-basis-point decline from the 11% recorded last year. Depreciation and amortization was up about $22 million, mostly related to the acquisitions; and the same holds true for interest expense which was up by about $11 million. With that, pre-tax income in the quarter was up 3.1%. Our effective tax rate during the fourth quarter was 32.9%, up from the 30.4% in Q4 of 2015. This reflects a base rate of 34.75% and the benefit of a few discrete items. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter, including the impact of the loss on sale, was $0.28, which was down 9.7% compared to last year. Importantly, adjusted EPS, excluding restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization, the adoption of the new accounting rule related to the tax treatment of stock-based compensation, and a variety of other non-recurring gains and losses, was $0.39 in 2016 compared to $0.34 last year, reflecting a 15% improvement. The $0.39 was comprised of $0.35 a share from continuing operations and $0.04 from discontinued operations. Again, continuing operations include certain overhead costs that will be transferred with the sale of the OEM glass business. As anticipated, during the Q3 call, currency fluctuations negatively impacted earnings per share in the fourth quarter for continuing operations by about $0.02, and the acquisition of Andrew Page had a $0.02-drag on earnings during Q4 which was a touch higher than initially anticipated. For the year, diluted earnings per share was $1.50 a share. And adjusted EPS was right on top of the consensus estimates of $1.80 a share, comprised of $1.69 from continuing operations and $0.11 from discontinued operations. The impact of the costs allocated to continuing operations that will be gone with the sale of the OEM business was about $0.03 a share. And with that, let's briefly touch on the segments. In North America, total revenue during the fourth quarter of 2016 increased to $1,114 million or a 9.4% increase over the last year. This is the combination of a 9% growth rate in parts and services and a 14% increase in other revenue. The total parts and services growth included organic growth of 1.5% and acquisition growth of 7.4% primarily related to the aftermarket glass business. The organic metric was reflective of the one less selling day. And on a constant day basis, the organic growth in North America parts and services was 3% during Q4. Gross margins in North America at the end of fourth quarter of 2016 were 43.4%, a 20-basis-point improvement over last year. We continue to benefit from the procurement initiatives in our aftermarket collision parts business and improvements at our salvage and self service operations, which collectively contributed to an 80-basis-point increase in North American gross margins. On the other side, the inclusion of the aftermarket glass operations, which have lower gross margins than the rest of North America, had a 60-basis-point negative impact on the segment's gross margins. In total, segment EBITDA for North America during the fourth quarter of 2016 was $140 million. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the North American segment was 12.5% in Q4 of 2016, down 30 basis points from the 12.8% reported in the comparable period of the prior year. Importantly, the margins for our historical North American businesses, excluding glass, increased 110 basis points and reflected the highest fourth quarter EBITDA margins in the last five years. So, while the growth was a bit lower than we would prefer, we are making great strides in terms of controlling costs and increasing margins. In total, we estimate that the aggregate benefit of the productivity initiatives during the fourth quarter was approximately $9.3 million, up from the $8.6 million in the third quarter of this year. The inclusion of the aftermarket glass operations had a 140-basis-point negative impact on North American EBITDA margins, in part, due to the inclusion of the allocated overhead costs that will disappear post-closing. So, we're up 110 basis points in our historical businesses, down a negative 140 basis points from glass for a net impact of down 30 bps. Moving onto our European segment, total revenue in the fourth quarter accelerated to $779 million, a 60% increase. Organic growth for parts and services in Europe during the fourth quarter was 7.2% on a reported basis, reflecting the combination of 8.4% at ECP and 2.6% growth at Sator. On a same day basis, European organic growth was 8.3%. The impact of acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 66% increase in revenue with the most significant amount reflecting the addition of Rhiag. So, on a constant currency basis, European parts and services revenue was up 73% in the fourth quarter. This constant currency revenue increases were offset, in part, by a 13% decline due to the translation impact of the strong dollar, particularly relative to the pound sterling. As you can see on slide 21, the average rate during the quarter was about 18% below last year, and the sterling was at about $1.25 at year-end. More recently, the sterling has continued to trade in the $1.21 to $1.27 range, while the euro has fallen to about $1.05 from $1.10. The translation impacts of these FX rates will weigh on our 2017 results, which I will quantify in just a bit. Gross margins in Europe were 36.1%, compared to the 38.9% recorded in the comparable period of 2015, largely reflecting the impact of Rhiag in the 2016 results. Rhiag has a lower gross margin structure than either ECP or Sator. And during Q4 of 2016, the inclusion of Rhiag reduced the consolidated European gross margins by about 190 basis points compared to last year. European EBITDA totaled $64 million, a 34% increase over last year. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter of 2016 were 8.2% versus the 9.7% last year, a 150-basis-point decline, of which about 30 basis points relate to the incremental costs associated with the Tamworth project, some of which was recorded in cost of goods sold and some of which was in SG&A, and then a 110-basis-point decline related to losses at Andrew Page. Again, the incremental costs related to the Tamworth project in Q4 were approximately £1.6 million or about $2 million, and again, it reflects a negative 30 basis points' impact on the European margins. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue in the fourth quarter totaled $259 million, a 5.7% increase over the comparable quarter of 2015, all of which reflected organic growth, which was up from the 3.7% reported in Q3. On a same day basis, organic growth in Specialty was 7.4%. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the fourth quarter were down about 220 basis points compared to last year, primarily related to the timing of advertising credits and costs related to stocking of the two new distribution centers brought online in 2016. EBITDA for the Specialty segment was $19 million which was up 28% from Q4 of 2015. And as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment increased 130 basis points to 7.4% in 2016, due largely to improved efficiencies in SG&A, which more than offset the lower gross margins. This is a highly seasonal business with the Q4 always being the softest. For the year, EBITDA margins for the Specialty business was the highest in the three years we've owned these operations, reflecting the integration benefits of the tuck-in acquisitions. Now, let' move to capital allocation. As presented on slide 24, you will note that our after-tax cash flow from continuing operations during 2016 was approximately $571 million. During 2016, we deployed a little more than $2.2 billion of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $183 million to fund capital expenditures and approximately $1.8 billion to acquire businesses and make strategic investments like our minority ownership position in Mekonomen. We closed the quarter with approximately $227 million of cash, of which $175 million was held outside of the United States, and we had roughly $3.3 billion worth of total debt outstanding. So, our net debt was approximately $3.1 billion; and on a pro forma basis, taking into account the impact of the acquisitions, our net leverage was approximately 2.7 times the latest 12-month EBITDA. We intend to use the $310 million of proceeds from the OEM sale to repay balances on our revolving line of credit, so our net debt should continue to decline. At quarter-end, the total availability under our credit facility was approximately $1 billion. And with the sale of the OEM business, we will have just over $1.3 billion of availability which we believe is sufficient to support the continued growth of our business. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have provided updated guidance on some of our key financial metrics for 2017. To be clear, these metrics exclude the OEM glass business and reflect the activity from continuing operations only. As it relates to the organic growth for parts and services, we have set guidance at 4% to 6%, which we believe is very good relative to other automotive parts distributors. Importantly, 2016 was a leap year, which means we have one less selling day in 2017, and that will hit the reported full year for about 0.5% of growth. For those building quarterly models, the one fewer day actually falls in Q3 and will result in approximately a negative 1.5% impact on the reported growth rate during that quarter. Given the year that we've been through, we are tempering expectations for North American growth to the 2% to 4% range. Importantly, Q1 growth will be lower than the year as a whole, as some of the trends from 2016 have continued into the beginning of 2017. Our range for adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations is from $1.80 to $1.90 a share with a midpoint of $1.85, reflecting a 10% growth rate over the earnings per share of $1.69 from continuing operations recorded in 2016. There are a number of discrete items influencing the 2017 EPS guidance, so in an effort to bridge the year-over-year growth, we've included a new slide, number 28, which is a bridge from our actual 2016 results to the midpoint of our 2017 guidance range. For purposes of a simplified presentation, we show each bridge item as a point estimate, but in reality, there's a range of potential impact for each item. The biggest uptick, about $0.17 a share, relates to the continued growth of our businesses. We will also benefit by about $0.03 a share from owning Rhiag and the aftermarket glass business for the full year. As mentioned earlier, the carve-out accounting rules don't reflect how the PGW aftermarket business will be run post-sale, so relative to 2016, we will pick up about $0.03 a share by eliminating certain expenses included in the 2016 results from continuing operations that will move to the new owner. We will, however, give about $0.01 of that write-back in 2017, as we need to record the allocated overhead to continuing operations for the first two months of this year. The next phase of the Tamworth build-out will cost an incremental $0.02 a share in 2017 compared to last year. Assuming current exchange rates hold for the year, the weakness of the European currencies relative to 2016 will clip us for yet another $0.03, and the losses at Andrew Page will amount to an incremental $0.01 or more decline on a year-over-year basis. Importantly, the positive items on the bridge are permanent in nature, while the items having a negative impact are more transitory in nature. It's also worth pointing out that when thinking about the year-over-year comparisons, the negative impact related to FX will be felt more in the first half of the year. And again, we have to include the allocated PGW expenses in the first two months of 2017, and that $0.01 headwind will hit us in Q1. The net income associated with the EPS range is $560 million to $590 million, and assumes an effective tax rate of 34.75%. Our current guidance for cash flow from operations is approximately $610 million to $640 million, and the guidance for capital spending is $200 million to $225 million. To be clear, the 2017 guidance assumes pound sterling and euro exchange rates of $1.25 and $1.05 respectively. And importantly, that scrap remains at the current levels of about $150 a ton. For consistency, we would ask that all the analysts adjust their models to be on a continuing operations basis. And to help get things on an apples-to-apples comparison, appendix number 5 on slide 39 provides quarterly data for 2016 reflecting the performance of our continuing operations only. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Rob to wrap up.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication of our 40,000-plus employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly, our customers in 2016. I am equally proud of our teams' commitment to deliver continued growth in 2017. This focus allows us to project solid EPS gains for 2017 with the midpoint of our guidance representing a 10% increase over the comparable 2016 EPS results. With that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ali Faghri from SIG. Your line is now open.
Ali Faghri - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ali.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Ali Faghri - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Can you talk about the cadence of North American organic growth trends through the quarter? And then, maybe as a quick follow-up, you mentioned continued geographic differences in performance between certain regions in the U.S., did you see that performance gap between those regions close at all in the fourth quarter relative to last quarter?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, I'll let Nick talk about the cadence over the four quarters but let me just touch, Ali, on what we saw on organic growth, and I also want to talk about the sales initiatives that we have in place for this year. From the data we have from CCC, the weather was clearly an impact. For 2016, CCC reported claims volumes up 2.5% versus 4.6% in 2015. So, there was a definite decline. We did some studies on our top 20 states that we do business in, which is the lion's share of the population. They were up 1.3% compared to our 2.9% increase, so we're definitely seeing some momentum in the right places. There are regional differences that continue to this day, the West and the Central are definitely doing better than Northeast and Midwest. The core business though of our hoods, fenders, lamps, covers were all higher than our overall North American, again across. So, I am convinced when collision returns to normalized levels, we will reap the benefits. We're well positioned for inventory as soon as all those collisions start coming back. I do want to touch quickly on total losses, those were up 18.8%. From a few years ago, they're about 16%. We do expect that to plateau though as these newer cars come into the process. So, total losses cut both ways for us. Obviously, the cars don't get repaired, but that's how we require our inventory. So, a healthy total loss rate isn't a bad thing for us either. And the last thing I'd say, just on the acquisition – on the organic growth rate, just from acquisition financials, our pipeline still remains robust. We're seeing this as an industry issue. We're seeing some pretty soft financials come into the M&A. So, we do anticipate this to turn around, and I'll take this time just to talk about those sales initiatives I mentioned in my prepared remarks. One of the big things we're going to be doing is moving from a transactional pay to a customer result for our sales reps. So, instead of getting a commission on every single sale they make, they'll be tied to a customer and the growth of that customer. So, this brings us more to a proactive rather than a reactive approach with our customer base. We've always had a customer focus, however, this raises the bar for our sales reps to drive that revenue on a customer basis. Our goal obviously is to get more of the wallet of their share – wallet share of that customer's purchases. But we do expect, if we're successful at this, we'll also improve our operational costs because we're delivering more to the same customer. As part of that, as I just mentioned, we're looking to get better inventory fill rates, and balancing our inventory as necessary. I mentioned in my prepared remarks as well the success we've had with Roadnet, that's going to allow us to increase our delivery service, so provide better service. And the final thing we plan on doing is targeted pricing for those product lines that are a little soft for us. We're going to go after those customers. Nick, do you want to talk about the cadence?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Sure, Ali. It's – it was a little bit unusual, we started off the quarter – and I think your question was how do things roll from October to December. You recall that at the very beginning of the quarter, the Southeast got hit with the hurricane, and that clearly had an impact on our growth in October, particularly in the Southeast region, which is actually down on a year-over-year basis for the quarter as a whole. Things picked up a bit in – obviously, in November and December. We can't quantify exactly the impact of the hurricane. We do know it had negative impact on the results for the quarter and particularly in October. But I wouldn't say that there was a big acceleration from October to December when you try and adjust everything out, if that's helpful.
Ali Faghri - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: It is. Great. Thanks for all that color. So, just to be clear, you're guiding North America to 2% to 4% growth in 2017, it sounds like you're saying probably closer to the low end of that range in the first half of the year and maybe improving throughout the year, is that the right way to look at it?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: That's right way to look at it, yes.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Absolutely.
Ali Faghri - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ali.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Hey, thanks for taking my questions as well. Just wanted to ask that North American question in a slightly different way, but we saw reports from Copart and Insurance Auto Auction yesterday showing a surge in activity at salvage auctions, and that's driven by distracted driving and other factors. So, help us reconcile that trend with the soft trends you're seeing. I realize there are regional differences and maybe a change in the totalled frequency, but maybe just for investors trying to reconcile that, what would your explanation be?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Craig, I think the answer is that it – we're totalling an older car. We get stats from CCC that show older cars are definitely totalling. We still have an average model year of 11.5 years old, it doesn't take much to total that car. The volume at auctions is definitely up. We'd track that on a weekly basis. And they are surging for sure, but it is an older car, it appears.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And the higher the total loss rate goes, that means those cars are not getting repaired and we can't sell parts to help repair those vehicles.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you. And then, just as a follow-up, get you on record if I could, on the border adjustment tax proposal, I realize there are lots of different proposals out there and who knows what's going to pass, but how have you positioned yourselves for tax policy changes and what issue should we anticipate?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Craig, the reality is the border tax proposals and the like are incredibly vague and incredibly complex. So, we really can't put a number on it. Here is what I can tell you, that between our aftermarket and our specialty businesses, we purchase about $1.3 billion worth of product that is manufactured outside of the United States. But there is about $500 million of that, that we actually procure from the U.S. subsidiaries of those foreign suppliers. So, only $800 million is actually purchased from non-U.S. companies. So, with respect to the $500 million, it's absolutely unclear as to who would get hit with the theoretical border tax, if you will. The reality is, in the parts that we procure, there are not a lot of U.S. domestic suppliers that we can turn to, to acquire the volumes that we need to service our customers. The other part of the border tax is a lower corporate tax rate of 20%. Included in that is immediate deductibility of capital expenditures. Of the $225 million of CapEx, about $140 million of that is really U.S. based. So, that would help move things in the other direction. But again, there is – it's so unclear, it's almost impossible to quantify the real impact on the business.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: And let me just add, Craig, one of our largest manufacturer actually overseas does have manufacturing capacity here in the U.S. And we had a team over there last week talking to them that in the event there are some taxes imposed that they would ramp up production here in the U.S. So, we are actively looking at alternatives should that happen. But the other piece of good news is that the OEs are actively against this and have been very vocal about it. So, I think they have the same exposure we do. So, all in all, it could be an even playing field at the end of the day.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's really helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Ben.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: I have – just one point of clarity on the incremental Tamworth cost of $0.02, is that on top of the prior $0.07 to $0.09 you were expecting when you initially discussed the dilution associated with that? Or is it on top of the dilution you experienced last year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: It's on top of the dilution experienced last year, so we think that at the end of the day, the overall kind of duplicative cost over the span of the project will be less than we originally anticipated back in the summer of 2015 when we've put this on the radar screen for everybody.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, maybe just a quick follow-up to that. You had alluded before that you would see accretion in 2018, are we close enough to 2018 to where you can take a stab at what you think that level of accretion could look like?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: No, it's going to really depend on how quickly we can kind of turn down the two facilities that we're going to ultimately close because that's where the benefit is going to come from. We will be – at that point in time, in January of 2018, we'll be fully staffed up and running at T2. And then, we will ultimately close the facilities, either transfer or eliminate labor at the two other facilities, and obviously save the lease payments as well.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks so much. And then, if I could ask a question about the organic growth disparities between geographies, do you think you've seen enough normalized weather coupled with the comparisons from last year, such that you would expect those gaps to close as we move into the balance of 2017? Maybe just help us think about that comparison year-over-year.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, two days ago, here in Chicago, it was 75 degrees. And this morning when I came in to work, it was 55. So, the normalization of the winter weather has not been even across the country. And so, my expectation is, particularly like in the Midwest which seems to be having really May weather here in February, we're not going to get much of an uplift, if you will. Obviously, the – essentially, the significant rains out West down in the Texas area, that should help us out. So, my expectation is we're going to continue to see regional differences from a growth perspective. But, Rob, you may...
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. I would just add to that, Ben, that we track miles driven by regions, and the Northeast in December was negative 1.4, and the North Central was negative 2.3. So, it seems like it's going to be a little soft, but we do hit some softer comps in the back half, so we're cautiously optimistic.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. And just one last quick one from me. Is the repayment of debt with the proceeds from the OE sale of glass business, is that reflected in the EPS guidance?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: It is.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. Best of luck.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I did want to go to...
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Samik.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, Rob. I did want to go back to the North America parts and service organic growth, and you're guiding to 2% to 4% in 2017 for organic growth. It will be interesting to know how you're thinking about how this impacts long term the growth for that business. Do you think there are headwinds here that sort of persist for a few years, and hence, impacts – Rob, I believe you've said in the past that you're sort of looking at this business being a mid-single digit grower, but do you think this impacts about how you think about this longer term as well? And maybe just a quick follow-up on that, the sales initiative that you're working on, how long do those take to sort of kick in and deliver some improvement in the growth?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, the – on North America, I do have – I'm very bullish on the long term actually. The 2% to 4% this year is really related to what Nick just mentioned, Samik, just a minute ago about being soft weather that we've had, so far, this month certainly in Chicago and across the North. So, now I do believe the macro trends are definitely in our favor. We've had a strong SAAR rate for a couple years. Those cars are going to get to be four or five years old and really come into the sweet spot. You've got miles driven for the most part increasing, a later-model car park is going to be fully insured. The cars are much higher valued, so much more difficult to total. So, I think long term, we're fine. And the number of cars hitting our sweet spot are starting to increase. So, the macro tailwinds are definitely in our favor for the outlier years.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And any color on how long does it typically take, in your experience, for the sales initiatives to sort of gather pace in terms of delivering some growth?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, we're starting roll those out as we speak. So, I think we'll start to hopefully see some positive impacts here in the back half of the year.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And then, on Andrew Page, you've started to include it in your guidance for 2017, is there any updated thoughts that you have on how many of those branches that you intend to keep? Is there a cash bent towards restructuring some of the branches there, any color on that?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, let me give you an update on Page. We are still under the hold separate order. However, we do have limited contact now with the Andrew Page management team, and we're assisting in procurement, fleet management, and the back-office. What we're prohibited from doing is sharing market plans or pricing. So, to answer your question, it's a little hard to figure out which branches, what we'll close, what we'll keep. But we are, from a 35,000-foot view, analyzing that. The biggest problem they had was that many suppliers had cut them off. So, while their overhead costs had remained flat, revenue was negatively impacted by the lack of inventory. So, with ECP's help over the last couple months, we were able to stabilize the business, reestablish those supply agreements, and improve the fleet logistics in the internal controls. Now, that it's stabilized, the Andrew Page team is looking to rightsize the cost structure. The full integration and synergy capture can't occur until we get the release from the CMA. So, to comment on how many locations we'll keep, it's a little early still to be able to do that.
Samik X. Chatterjee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Great. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine from Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you and good morning, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: It just seems like it's the right thing to do. So, let's keep the ball rolling on North America. Look, we get a lot of questions in a lot of different ways, and some of those have been asked already. The way I want to look at this is strictly speaking from a residual value perspective. What's your view – you mentioned loss ratios, you have a view on that. How do residual values play into your outlook? And to the extent – really what I'm focused on is not so much the 11-year-old-beyond vehicle that might get total loss, as Rob alluded to earlier. At the earlier part of the curve, you've got vehicles with much more expensive content, whether it's headlights that are significantly more expensive, taillights with blind spot detection or what have you. And I'm wondering, if residual values were to fall off, will insurance companies be more likely to sort of total loss those vehicles or is there a risk of that?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Sure. Absolutely. We believe we're strongly tied to the Manheim. Used car values, residual values, as cars, that diminishes, obviously it's much more easy to total a car. However, we do believe that the cost of these vehicles is substantial in these newer vehicles, that a lot of these cars are going to repair. I think the proliferation of a $3,000 headlight or taillights are still years away. I think we're still well-positioned, Jamie, to weather that storm. Talking to insurance companies, they don't believe they're going to see a huge spike in total losses because of that anytime soon.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. I mean, in general, the rule of thumb in the industry in every insurance company is a little bit different, as a car will get totalled when the cost to repair starts to get to around 65% of the value of the car. So, if the value of the car comes down because of used car pricings and the like, that could push a few more vehicles into the total camp than not. But when you have cars that are coming out that are very high-priced, it takes a boatload of damage to get to 65% of just that higher number.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: So, if I'm hearing you correctly, and I appreciate that additional color, the 65%, but it sounds like we're not near that pivot point from a strictly-speaking higher part perspective. But I guess as a follow-up to that, are you seeing OEMs act differently as they're becoming more aware that there's a – there could be a big market opportunity for them to supply those parts? And it does take some time, right, before the newest vehicles make their way to auctions and sort of off-warranty and whatnot, so any competitive sort of changes that you've seen would be helpful.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: We have not seen the OEMs do anything in terms of anything more aggressive quite frankly. We track their prices regularly, and we are still averaging that 1% to 1.5% increase in part prices. So, nothing abnormal from them at all.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. And if I can sneak one last one in, strategically on acquisitions, and thank you for the time. Just given the fact that you have seen some weakness and you've kind of benchmarked that for us, right, you said in certain markets, it's sort of worse than what you're reporting. And so, your spread is still, if I hear you correctly, holding up. But if the benchmarks are weakening, the markets are weakening, wouldn't that, in theory, sort of open up some acquisition opportunities for you? And I'm wondering, there's any – if you have eyes to maybe accelerate your plans to get into the mechanical parts business in North America in the near term? Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. I will say, that the pipeline is extremely robust, Jamie, it's – we get a weekly report from our M&A team of the status of our deals, and it's quite a spreadsheet now. So, there is quite a bit of activity there. As far as the hard part side of the business, we're continuing to look at opportunities there. As you know, we've been quite successful in Europe with our hard part strategy. In the UK, specifically, with the combination of collision and hard parts. So, it is absolutely on the radar for sure.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you again. And best of luck.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Hi, Bret.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: I got to get my North American question in. So, if we're looking, I guess, your comment about the softer first half of 2017 as a result of some residual issues from 2016, could you weight the residual weather versus the residual total loss increases in that impact, which one is more significant and sort of give us some buckets?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, that's really hard to do because at the end of the day, all we know is kind of what's happening from a repairable claim perspective, that was 2.5% increase for the year as a whole, the fourth quarter number was 2.8%. The reality is we don't sense that we're losing any share, kind of call volumes are consistent. We do have some anecdotal information, Bret, in chatting with our vendors which we do all the time, right, and a couple of our largest providers of aftermarket parts over in Taiwan have told us that their non-LKQ sales last year were flat to down, which says that our competitors, if you will, were buying the same or even a little bit less aftermarket inventory, which is I think just reflective of the market and a relatively low increase in repairable claims. But it's almost impossible for us to split weather from other market trends. The key, it's important I think the folks to understand is that the growth of the kind of the core products was higher than the 3% overall in the fourth quarter, okay, when you think about that core aftermarket product of hoods, fenders, mirrors, bumpers and the like. As some of these secondary products, the paints and the radiators and like where we've got some special programs being designed to attack that, they were actually down on a year-over-year basis. And so, our core kind of collision – your question, I think, really went to the trends in the core collision market, in those core collision products, we're more than holding our own and we think we're probably continuing to take a little bit of share.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: And then, let me just add, Bret, your comment about the auction and what we're seeing there. Q4 year-over-year, our salvage purchases were up 5.2% at $47 less a vehicle. So, that surge of inventory – like I said, it's allowing us to buy more inventory at a cheaper price, our self service was up 14% Q4-over-Q4. So, the inventory being available is not a bad thing for us.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, the highlight obviously ECP comps, the 12-month stores being up over 6%. What's going on over there, is that the market growth rate? Are you taking a lot of share ? And I guess, is that also benefiting from the collision mix that you're putting through those stores or is that separate?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. The collision was definitely helping because that is in the numbers as well. But we are definitely taking market share, and we believe the industry is growing likely GDP. Interesting enough, Brexit has not hurt us at all in terms of the driving population. In fact, they've coined the term staycations that the BRICS can't go to Europe because their dollar is not – the pounds is not travelling as farther. So, they're staying home. So, we're seeing miles driven up. We believe – we're very confident in ECPs continued growth in that marketplace.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. Mr. Rob Wagman, I turn the call over to you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to updating you on our next call in April when we report Q1 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp. Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp. Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Joseph Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Joseph P. Boutross - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. This morning, I will begin our review with a few high-level financial metrics followed by an update on our operating segments and some macro trends we witnessed in Q3. Nick will follow with a detailed overview of our financial performance. Turning to slide 3, Q3 revenue reached $2.39 billion, an increase of 30.3% as compared to $1.83 billion in the third quarter of 2015. Net income for the third quarter of 2016 was $122.7 million, an increase of 21.1% as compared to $101.3 million for the same period of 2015. On an adjusted basis, net income was $139.3 million, an increase of 26.8% as compared to $109.9 million for the same period of 2015. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter 2016 was $0.40, an increase of 21.2%, as compared to the $0.33 for the same period of 2015. On an adjusted basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.45 in the third quarter of 2016, reflecting a 25% increase over $0.36 for the same period of 2015. During the quarter, we continued to witness the lingering effects of a mild winter and the headwinds of certain trends in the North American car park. Despite these dynamics the company delivered organic revenue growth for parts and services of 3.7%, an enviable performance compared to many companies in the global auto industry that were confronted with similar challenges and subsequently witnessed negative growth in the quarter. Turning to our North American organic revenue growth, during the quarter, organic revenue growth for parts and services was 2.1%, which is down from the first half of the year and below our expectations. Clearly, the macro trends in North America, such as miles driven and the size of the car park, continue to trend in our favor. But in order to grow our business, the number of collisions need to grow that will then increase the demand for our collision parts. According to CCC, collision and liability related auto claims for the first 9 months of 2016 were up only 2.4% nationally, not far from the 2.3% increase witnessed for the first 6 months of 2016. Furthering that point, when looking at state-level claims data from CCC, we continue to experience large regional variations. The Northeast and Midwest regions faced soft conditions, both experiencing year-over-year declines in repairable claims in certain key states. These two regions combined represent over 30% of our North American revenue. In addition, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven in the U.S. were up 3.4% in August, a measure that also witnessed significant regional differences. During August, miles driven in the Northeast and North Central regions were up only 1.2% and 2.1%, respectively. Lastly, though difficult to quantify, we believe the surge in the SAAR rate over the last 3 years is initially a headwind, as new vehicles tend to get new collision parts. The surge also impacts our engine and transmission sales, because these type of mechanical parts are covered under manufacturer's warranty. We also believe that the increase in vehicles in operation of model years 11 years and older has played a role in driving total loss rates above historical levels. Regardless of these short-term headwinds, we continue to believe that the car park is shifting in the right direction towards our collision sweet spot of vehicles 3 to 10 model years old. In fact, the number of vehicles in that sweet spot is expected to increase by a few percentage points in 2017. And now turning to operations. During Q3, we purchased 70,000 vehicles for dismantling by our North American wholesale operations, a 1.4% decrease over Q3 2015. Procurement cost at auctions decreased over Q3 2015 by 1.9%. For our North American aftermarket business, we continue to see improvements in our total collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 12% and 17%, respectively, year-over-year in the quarter. In our self-service retail business, during Q3 we acquired 132,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, which is a 3.1% increase over Q3 2015. Similar to the first half of the year, we increased our self-service procurement during Q3 to take advantage of the favorable pricing for higher quality vehicles in this line of business. And lastly, I am pleased with the benefits we are witnessing with our productivity initiatives. During the quarter, North America realized 60 basis points of gross margin improvement from the aftermarket procurement savings alone. And now that we are fully installed with Roadnet, our route optimization technology, we are optimistic about its potential savings. Today, 95% of our delivery routes are actively using Roadnet. And we are already witnessing some initial cost savings per stop across 49,000 daily deliveries with 3,300 trucks. During his presentation, Nick will discuss the financial impact of these initiatives in the coming quarters. Now moving to our European operations. In Q3, our Europe segment had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.7% and acquisition growth of 54.6%, primarily related to the Rhiag, which were offset by a decrease of 10.6% related to foreign exchange rates. During Q3, ECP drove organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.9%. And for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 5.3%. During the quarter, ECP opened three new branches, bringing our network to 209 branches. During Q3, collision parts sales at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 13.2%. Turning to Sator. During Q3, Sator had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 5.1%. This organic revenue growth was primarily driven by the ongoing three-step conversion and integration efforts we have put in place. Now on to Rhiag. Rhiag tracked in line with our expectations during the quarter. Importantly, and as mentioned on the last call, we continue to aggressively gather the necessary data and communication plan amongst our European businesses to create a targeted and sustainable pan-European procurement function. To highlight the opportunity, Sator had an existing agreement on a particular brand and product category that Rhiag is also buying, but at a 10% higher cost. By leveraging the Sator agreement, Rhiag has budgeted a savings of €200,000 annually, and again on one product. Rhiag continues to execute on its growth initiatives and expand its footprint (9:23). During the quarter, the Rhiag team opened eight branches in Eastern Europe. Given the growth opportunities in the market, I am happy to announce that we have an additional 14 branches scheduled for Q4. Now onto our Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment posted a year-over-year total revenue growth of 9.9% in the quarter, including the benefits of The Coast [Distribution System] acquisition, and organic revenue growth of 3.7%. We believe the modest organic growth was related the overall specialty market facing an unfavorable mix shift, as certain key product areas witnessed model year changes. Though still relatively high, we also faced a slight reduction in the year-over-year SAAR rate during the quarter. Lastly, Specialty finalized the integration activities from The Coast acquisition by consolidating all of The Coast distribution centers and sales processing into our existing network. And now an update on PGW. During the quarter, the PGW team secured another manufacturing renewal agreement for an existing OE platform with a new model launch. On PGW's aftermarket business, the team continues to receive industry accolades as the supplier of choice. These accolades were validated this quarter by signing an agreement with a major customer to procure an incrementally higher volume of windshields and sidelights in 2017. Turning to corporative development. In early October 2016, we acquired substantially all the business assets of Andrew Page Limited, a distributor of automotive parts in the United Kingdom. As part of this transaction, we acquired 102 Andrew Page branch locations. Andrew Page has a proud history of being a value-added supplier to the automotive repair industry in the UK. With this acquisition, we believe that the transaction will benefit Andrew Page's customers with an extended range of products and a continuation of the exceptional level of service that their employees have historically provided. As we did expect, the UK Competition and Markets Authority, or CMA, commenced the review of the acquisition to assess whether the transaction would unreasonably lessen competition in the UK market. During the CMA's review, we are not allowed to integrate the business subject to certain exceptions to allow us to support key operations. And there's always a risk that they may ask us to divest some or all of the business. Accordingly, until the CMA approves the transaction, we will not be able to achieve any of the projected synergies afforded by the integration of the combined businesses. We do anticipate the acquired business will continue to be modestly unprofitable during the review process. In addition to the Andrew Page announcement, during the third quarter of 2016, we acquired a distributor of automotive products in the Netherlands, a distributor of recreational vehicle products and accessories in the United Kingdom, a distributor of aftermarket automotive products in Ireland and a heavy-duty truck salvage yard in Minnesota. Our acquisition strategy has always been to acquire the best assets we can with high-quality management teams and use those strengths to lever the growth of the business. As we look across our key segments, the pipeline is healthy with tremendous opportunities to grow our existing market share in key markets, expand the depth of our product lines and enter new geographic markets and, in particular, throughout Europe. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on our financial results and our updated 2016 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everybody on the call. I'm delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter. And over the next few minutes, I will address the consolidated results of our company and review the performance of each of our core segments during the third quarter before touching on the balance sheet and addressing our revised guidance for 2016. The third quarter of 2016 when taken as a whole was an excellent quarter with revenue, Segment EBITDA and adjusted EPS of 30%, 32% and 25%, respectively, when compared to the third quarter of last year. While the revenue growth in North America was a bit behind expectations, the margins in this segment were very strong. In addition, the European operations continue to perform well and the two big acquisitions generally performed on target. As Rob mentioned, consolidated revenue for the third quarter of 2016 increased 30% over last year. That reflects a 33.2% increase in revenue from parts and services, partially offset by a 9.4% decrease in other revenue. The components of the parts and services revenue growth include approximately 3.7% from organic, plus 32.6% from acquisitions for constant currency growth of 36.4% before backing up the translation impact of FX which was a 3.2% decline. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each business as I walk through the segment results. As noted on page 11 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins declined 190 basis points to 37.0% due primarily to the impact of the acquisitions. You will recall that both Rhiag and PGW have lower gross margins than our historical businesses. Excluding the two big acquisitions, gross margins were actually up about 60 basis points. While the consolidated gross margins were down, consolidated operating expenses as a percent of revenue were also down about 200 basis points lower than last year. Some of that reflects the impact of the different margin structure of the two acquisitions and some of it reflects improved efficiencies in the historical businesses. Segment EBITDA totaled $274 million for the quarter, reflecting a 32% increase from 2015, and as a percent of revenue, Segment EBITDA was 11.5%, a 20-basis-point improvement over the 11.3% recorded last year. On a year-over-year basis, we experienced a $3.8 million increase in restructuring costs related to the integration of our acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization was up about $26 million, mostly related to the addition of Rhiag and PGW. The same holds true for interest expense which was up about $12 million. And with that, pre-tax income increased 16% in the quarter relative to last year. Our effective tax rate during the quarter was 31.7%, down from the 33.9% recorded in 2015. This lower rate reflects an ongoing rate of 34.75% and a $5 million benefit associated with the adoption of ASU 2016-09 which tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation. All companies need to adopt this new accounting standard by the first quarter of 2017, and we elected to adopt early. We have excluded this benefit from our adjusted EPS calculation in order to provide an apples-to-apples comparison. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.40, which was up 21% compared to last year. Adjusted EPS, again, excluding restructuring charges, intangible asset amortization and the discrete tax benefit just mentioned, was $0.45 versus $0.36, reflecting a 25% improvement. Scrap had a small negative impact on earnings per share for the quarter, about $0.005, and currency fluctuations negatively impacted EPS growth by about $0.01 as well. As highlighted on page 13, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this revenue mix shift impacts the trends in consolidated margins. This has become more accentuated with our ownership of both Rhiag and PGW. And you saw a shift in the third quarter metrics where in North American parts and services revenue accounted for less than 40% of total consolidated revenue. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Total revenue in our North American segment during the third quarter of 2016 increased to $1.047 billion or about 1% over 2015. This is the combination of a 2.3% growth rate in parts and services offset by a 9.5% decline in other revenue, the latter of which was due primarily to lower volumes and, to a lesser extent, lower prices received for a variety of metals. When looking at the North American growth, it's important to recognize that there were variations across the platform. As Rob mentioned, there were geographic differences with the Central and West regions performing much better than the Northeast and Midwest regions. Recycling grew at a faster rate than aftermarket, and even within aftermarket, certain car types like the core Keystone fenders, hoods, and lights grew faster than some other products related to cooling or aluminum wheels. So, there were spots of strength and spots of weakness. Gross margins in North America during the third quarter of 2016 were 43.8%, a 160 basis point increase over last year. Approximately 90 basis points of the improvement relate to the aftermarket operations, and the benefits of the procurement initiatives accounted for approximately 50 basis points of the 90 basis point improvement. Our salvage and Self Service operations contributed 70 basis points of increase to the North American gross margins. You will note that while scrap averaged $118 a ton during Q3, in October, scrap has rolled back down to slightly below $100 a ton. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment, we lost about 50 basis points of margin compared to the comparable quarter of 2015. On the upside, we continued to experience improvements in both fuel and facilities cost relative to last year. On the downside, we lost a bit of margin in personnel cost and freight expense. In total, EBITDA for the North American business during the third quarter of 2016 was $141 million. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the segment was 13.5% in Q3 of 2016, an increase of 110 basis points from the 12.4% reported in the comparable period of last year. Last call, we indicated that we expected the benefit of our productivity initiatives to pick up as we move throughout the year. As just mentioned, we saw some benefit in our cost of goods sold related to the procurement savings in connection with our aftermarket parts inventory. In addition, there are procurement benefits in other expense categories across North America. In total, we estimate the aggregate benefit of the productivity initiatives during the third quarter was approximately $8.6 million, up from the $5 million reported in Q2 or a little bit less than $0.02 a share. Moving on to our European segment, the total revenue in the third quarter accelerated to $770 million from $511 million, a 51% increase. Organic growth for parts and services in Europe during the third quarter was 6.7%, reflecting the combination of 6.9% growth at ECP and 5.1% growth at Sator. The impact of the acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 55% increase in revenue with the most significant amount reflecting the addition of Rhiag. So, on a constant currency basis, European parts and services revenue was up 61%. These constant currency increases were offset by an 11% decline due to the translation impact of the strong dollar, particularly relative to the pound sterling. As you can see on page 19, the average rate during the quarter was about 15% below last year, and the sterling was at $1.30 (sic) [$1.31] (22:54) at [ph] quarter end (22:55). More recently, the sterling has fallen a further 7%, down to $1.22. And the euro is also down about 3% to $1.09 (sic) [$1.08] (23:10). The translation impact of these latest drops will weigh on our reported U.S. dollar results for the rest of the year, probably to the tune of about $0.01 in the fourth quarter. Gross margins in Europe were 36.2%, a 210 basis point decline from the comparable period of last year, largely reflecting the impact of Rhiag. As mentioned in prior calls, Rhiag has a lower gross margin structure than either ECP or Sator. During Q3, Rhiag had a gross margin of about 33.5%, which reduced the consolidated European gross margin by about 150 basis points. Excluding the impact of Rhiag, gross margins decreased 60 basis points, primarily due to ECP, which experienced an increase in customer rebates, and the impact of some of the incremental costs of the new distribution facility in Tamworth rolling through cost of goods sold. With respect to operating expenses as a percent of revenue, we experienced a 150 basis point improvement on a consolidated European basis. We benefited from a 240 basis point reduction in operating expenses due to the addition of Rhiag, which has lower operating expenses as a percent of revenue than ECP or Sator. Offsetting these gains was an 80 basis point increase in facility and warehouse expense, reflecting some of the cost of the Tamworth facility as well as new branches and hubs at ECP. In addition, we lost about 30 basis points of margin in the U.K. related to the impact of translation losses on inventory purchases, which are denominated in a foreign currency. With respect to the Tamworth project, the incremental costs related to this project in the third quarter were approximately £2 million or about $2.6 million. Again, some of this was recorded in cost of goods sold and some in SG&A. In total it reflects a 30 basis point impact on European margins. European EBITDA totaled $73 million, a 38% increase over last year, reflecting a solid performance at ECP and Sator and the positive impact of real. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA margins in the third quarter were 9.4% versus 10.3% last year, a 90 basis point decline, again 30 basis points of which relate to the Tamworth project. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue for the third quarter totaled $313 million, a 10% increase over the comparable quarter of last year. The organic growth rate was 3.7%, while the impact of the acquisition of Coast in August of 2015 added 6.2% to revenue growth. In the last couple of calls, we indicated that the high level of organic growth in Specialty was not sustainable, and overall, we were happy with the third quarter growth rate. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the third quarter were flat compared to last year, as the impact of stocking two new specialty distribution centers in Michigan and Washington State, which were not in operation at this time last year, was offset by an increase in advertising credits. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down about 100 basis points. Facility expense increased, as certain costs related to the two new distribution centers just mentioned. But on the plus side, we continue to see SG&A leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing network as well as the benefit of the lower fuel prices. EBITDA for Specialty was $32 million in the quarter, up 24% from the third quarter of last year. And as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment increased 120 basis points to 10.4% in 2016, compared to 9.2% last year. Remember this is a highly seasonal business, and you should assume these margins will decline as we move through the historically soft Q4 period. On page 22, you can see the impact of the acquisition of PGW. Revenue for the quarter was $259 million, while gross margins in Q3 were 22.6%, which is very consistent with the expectations we highlighted at the time the transaction was announced. EBITDA margins for PGW were 10.7% in the third quarter. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 23, you will note that our after-tax cash flow from operations during the first 9 months was approximately $524 million, as we experienced strong cash earnings and only a moderate increase on working capital. During the first 9 months of 2016, we deployed a little bit more than $1.9 billion of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $153 million to fund capital expenditures and about $1.8 billion to acquire businesses. We closed the quarter with approximately $272 million of cash, of which $226 million was held outside of the U.S. And we had roughly $3.3 billion of total debt outstanding. So our net debt was approximately $3 billion. And on a pro forma basis, taking into account the impact of the acquisitions, our net leverage was a little bit less than 2.7 times latest 12 months EBITDA. At quarter-end the total availability under our credit facility was approximately $1.2 billion, which we believe is more than sufficient to support the continued growth of our business. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have provided updated guidance on some of our key financial metrics for 2016. As it relates to the organic growth for parts and services, we reduced the organic growth guidance for full year 2016 to 4.5% to 5%, reflecting the 5.1% rate for the first 9 months, and an expectation that we don't anticipate any major movements during the fourth quarter. For those trying to back into the Q4 growth, the range implies a 2.6% to 4.6% growth rate. But it is important to note that there is one less business day in Q4 of 2016 than Q4 of 2015, and while that may sound trivial, it's a 1.5% fewer business days compared to last year. Customers don't buy more on other days to make up the difference, so the calendar simply puts us in a 1.5% hole to start. In addition, the hurricane earlier this month closed some of our operations and some of our customers' operations in Florida and the Carolinas for a couple of days. Our range for adjusted EPS which excludes the after-tax impact of intangible amortization and the tax benefit of adopting ASU 2016-09 is $1.78 to $1.84 per share with a midpoint of $1.81. As in the past, we have narrowed the range to reflect the fact that we are nine months through the year. The new range reflects the fact that Q3 results were right on track, and the outlook for the core business for the rest of the year is largely unchanged, except for the anticipated headwinds from currencies, lower scrap prices, and the dilutive impact of owning Andrew Page as a completely independent company without the ability to integrate operations. To be clear, the new EPS guidance assumes pound sterling and euro exchange rates of $1.22 and $1.09, respectively, and importantly, that scrap remains at the current levels as well. Our assumed tax rate for 2016 remains at 34.75%, excluding the benefit of adopting the new accounting pronouncement. Our current guidance for cash flow from operations also narrowed a bit to approximately $575 million to $600 million, and the guidance for capital spending is unchanged at $200 million to $225 million. At this point in time, I'll turn the call back over to Rob to wrap up.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nick. As a company, we are always focused on financial performance, but we are equally focused on facing change head on and rapidly adapting in order to continuously deliver positive results for our stockholders, employees, and most importantly, our customers. There is no question that weather impacted various lines of business and many markets for our companies thus far in 2016, a similar scenario to what we witnessed in 2012. We firmly believe that like 2012, this impact is temporary and that the macro trends continue to present opportunities for all of our segments. Yet we don't rest on our laurels and simply blame softness in our business on uncontrollable circumstances. Rather, during those periods, we strive to maintain our historical growth rates and our leading positions by focusing on what we can control such as the margin improvements we recognized in this quarter. It is clear as headwinds present themselves, our team of nearly 41,000 employees globally actively adjust to market conditions to effectively and profitably manage their businesses not only for today but to position us well for the future. This focus allowed us again to deliver double-digit EPS growth in the midst of a challenging environment. So, a big thank you to the LKQ team. And with that, operator, we are now ready to open the call for the questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: You talked about some of the performance disparity in the CCC numbers across geography persisting into 3Q. That's a little bit surprising I guess with the thought that maybe the impact from weather would be less substantial in 3Q across the markets. Maybe your thoughts as to why there's that disparity still in 3Q despite what I would think would be a little bit less impacted.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. We certainly look into that with CCC and with some of our customers. And what we find is that the vast majority in collisions are drivable collisions. So, they do tend to take time to get repaired when the customer is ready to get the car into the shop. So, it does tend to drag on through the entire year actually with the drivable collisions. And then you look at just the overall claims volume being up just 2.4% for the whole year. There is just been a light amount of claims being filed this year. It's just been a really soft year that has carried through all through Q3.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Ben, this is Nick. Think about the map of the United States. I'm going to give you some names of the states where claim volume was down year-over-year: Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. The only big states missing there in that swath are New Jersey and Illinois. New Jersey was up 0.5% and Illinois was up 0.2%. So, that whole Northeast and Midwest section of the country just has lower claim volumes.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: One other area too, Ben, that we saw was weak was Western Canada, the decimation of the fracking industry up there. Our claim volume is down, way down there as well, as well as our business. So, it's not just weather. It's some economic conditions as well.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Interesting. That's really helpful color. Thanks. And then shifting gears to the Andrew Page business, it looks like from some of the numbers that we've looked at, actually the sales productivity per store is pretty good, but it sounds like maybe operationally that they're underperforming and not particularly profitable stores. Just curious as to what best practices you can bring there to that business to improve the profitability of the stores and then ultimately, what you think the contribution could be from that chunk of stores.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Sure. Unfortunately, under a whole separate world, we were not allowed to integrate the businesses. But we do believe purchasing will be the biggest benefit. We tend to buy a little bit better than they do. We are, under the whole separate world, allowed to sell to each other, so we are supporting the business today. But until we can fully integrate the business -- when we do integrate the business, it will be logistics. We believe we have a much – with Tamworth 2 coming online, we're going to be able to much better support those businesses with inventory and deliveries, which we think will make a huge operational benefit for those stores that they have.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, just to be clear, Ben, that business was sold. It basically went into receivership, and we bought it basically through a prepackaged bankruptcy process to give you the U.S. analogy, if you will. So, obviously, the performance of the business was headed down by the time we got the assets. We do think there is an ability, by adequately stocking their warehouses and their stores, to actually drive revenue back north to where it was pre their financial issues .
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: And just one last update on the CMA. We are close to filing our submission to the CMA. They have up to two months to decide what the next steps are. So, when we get released, we'll be ready to start integrating the business hopefully by Q1.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is now open.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. I wanted to probe the North American business a little further. Could you explain how much of that business is tied to collision trends versus mechanical trends?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: So, the salvage business or the recycling business, Craig, is roughly a 50/50 split. The aftermarket business is almost wholly collision-focused. So, when you look at it in its entirety, out of our total revenue on a consolidated global basis, slightly less than 30% of our revenue is collision-based.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's helpful. And then, Rob, you mentioned a statistic from CCC that claim volume is up only 2.4%. That sounds like a decent number. Could you give some context to that? What was that figure in the full year of 2015, for example?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: We'll get that. We're looking for that right now, Craig. I just want to state that I know in 2012, we had very similar results to what we're seeing this year. In 2013, it did bounce back. And we believe just some of those macro trends that we're seeing, new car sales are definitely a little bit of a headwind at first, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Those are starting to come out of warranty, so we do expect some help there. We did mention on the call the increase in total losses. The good news there is that CCC is anticipating that those start to level off now because of the newer car part getting into the system. And then of course, the regional segmentation that we're seeing. As Nick mentioned, the Northeast and the Midwest, just really getting decimated by claim volume. So, we are hoping for a normal winter, and we do expect it to obviously bounce right back.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And as you look for that number, if I could just slip in a quick question on Europe and the margin there. I know it's under pressure due to the mix of some of the new businesses you've acquired, but where do you think that margin can settle over time at the gross margin level as you extract purchasing synergies? And thank you.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Well, we were at 36.2% in the quarter. Last quarter, we're at 37.4%. Some of that is just seasonal differences, Craig. So, gross margins, you figure – with the addition of Rhiag, I think I mentioned in my comments, Rhiag was at around 33.5% gross margin, so that's what's pulling it down from historical levels. We would hope to get a 1% or 2% from procurement over time. That's a hard process. The vendors are not anxious to just give us big discounts. But we're working at it very hard. John and his team over in London, they've got a dedicated group that's focused on nothing but trying to execute a pan-European procurement program.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: And, Craig, on the number you're looking for, we'll circle back with you. We need to get in touch with CCC on that.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from James (sic) [Jamie] (41:09) Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you and good morning, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good morning.
Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Wanted to ask just as a point of reference, I know you are a few months, maybe a quarter or two out from the CMA process kind of fulfilling its duties, but if we were to look at prior integration of something like Unipart would that be a good proxy for us to think about with respect to dilution initially and then sort of the opportunity over time with Andrew Page?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Andrew Page, we've got actually earlier in the process by the time that Unipart kind of went out the stores or basically vacant. Andrew Page, its stores were ongoing. We have inventory, depleted inventory but inventory in the stores which we're rebuilding and the like. So, we do think, however, that we will be able to get Andrew Page back to profitability. It's probably going to make us for $0.01 to $0.015 in the fourth quarter. And so, we would look in 2017 once we are able to kind of fully work with their team, get their customer service levels where they need to be particularly the fulfillment levels and inventories back at the right levels. We can grow revenue and that will help the profitability as well. We'll take some cost savings just related to procurement, some back-office stuff, maybe a little bit on the logistics, but we do think we can drive it back into profitability, which will, obviously, help the overall margins.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Jamie, unfortunately, with the hold separate (42:54), we can't really dig into the locations at this point. So, initially, our focus will be on purchasing, logistics, and the back-office functions.
Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then a quick question, if I may, on Pittsburgh Glass. Congratulations on the new customer you signed up on the aftermarket side. I just want to understand sort of what that can do to your margin if we kind of look forward, just sort of maybe asking for reminder on the OE versus aftermarket contribution to gross margin. And then a point of clarification, we understand that PGW is your only business exposure to OEMs directly. Is that true or is there another business channel or subchannel that we're missing with respect to OEs directly? Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: I'll answer that question and let Nick take the margin question, Jamie. It is the one exposed to OE the most. We have a little bit of exposure on the KAO side, the accessories side, because we do see that as new car sales are up, we do well on the accessory side. But it's sort of a secondary issue there. But the OE business is the only one that has true cyclicality to the OE production.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah. Jamie, this is Nick. As you can imagine, the gross margin profiles of the aftermarket business and the OE business are very different. Operating costs are as well, since there's no real distribution and selling expense related to the OE business. But order of magnitude, the ARG gross margins are well north of 30%, where the OE margins are in the mid-teens.
Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Great. So this sounds like it'll be a mixed benefit, based on the fact that you're adding that aftermarket customer if I heard you correctly.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Exactly.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Correct.
Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Perfect. Thank you so much and best of luck.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: And your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, Rob. Good morning, Nick. How are you?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Good, Sam.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Nick, if you had this in your prepared remarks and I missed it, I apologize. Within your North American parts and services organic growth, the 2.1%, can you parse out volumes versus price mix in that?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, we got benefit from both. The pricing was slightly more than the volume impact. That doesn't mean we were necessarily increasing prices across the board, Sam. As I mentioned I think last quarter, a good portion of the price increase comes from just selling a newer part and the mix shift as to what parts we're selling. And so it may come across and looking like we're taking prices up, but it just has to do with that we're selling a slightly more expensive part. But again slightly more than half of the growth was price related.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Two more quick questions. And I guess one of them is more critical than the other. The first would be, I mean with the increase in total losses – I recognize that it's a smaller percentage of the overall claims versus repairable claims. But with the increase in total losses, does that have the threat of either overwhelming or offsetting the advantages you have with the SAAR sweet spot over the next few years?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: I don't think so, Sam. I don't think – we like total losses because that's where we get our inventory from as well. So there's still 82% of the cars that are in accidents are getting repaired. So I see that as a wash actually. Although fewer cars are being repaired, but they tend to be older cars is what CCC is telling us. So they are totaling an older car, which makes sense because the average model year is up to 11.5 model years old. But the SAAR rate is much more important to us, getting new cars into the system, because the new car is going to be fully insured. And that's why I'm pretty bullish on 2017. We're getting these 1- to 3-year cars out of warranty into our sweet spot. So we'd like to see a strong SAAR rate by far.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last quick question. Obviously, Germany made some news with respect to the resolution, trying to ban combustion engine production over time. I know it's a long-tailed item and it's far from even being industry standard, but how does that affect your business longer term, Rob, if it does become kind of the world we live in?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: If there's a shift to electric vehicles, that's a little bit more of a problem. If it's going to be more diesel, that's actually a positive. Diesel engines sell for far more than what we get for a gas engine actually, so depending on where it goes. I was actually in China last week, and they're having similar initiatives over there as well. But nobody seemed concerned about it, the people we talked to. So it's a long tail as you said.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you both, gentlemen. I appreciate it.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Morning, Nate.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Nate.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: So wanted to talk just – I hate to harp on the North American issues a little bit. But, one, just wondering if you had any thoughts in terms of the fact that the miles driven were up, but the claims were less in terms of being up. I get the disparity across regions and what not, but usually, those have a little bit of a tighter correlation in terms of why those claims wouldn't follow directly with the miles driven. And then second part of that in terms of going in next year, obviously, Rob, you've been very bullish in terms of, hey, assuming a normal winter, we have easy comps or easier comps. In theory we should be back to that 5% to 7% North American parts and service organic growth range. Is there anything underlying the surface? Assuming again a normal winter and things kind of go back like they did in 2013, anything underlying the surface that you would think would be such a substantial headwind where we wouldn't get there?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Nate, when I look at some of the normal weather conditions, as I said, we're getting cars starting to come into that sweet spot. There's a lot of macro good tailwinds for us in terms of miles driven. The late model car park for our KAO business, normal winter will certainly spur our glass business as well. I don't see any major headwinds that could impact that other than another mild winter. And on top of easy comps, as you said. It just feels like there's enough positive tailwinds behind us that are going to make 2017 look like 2013.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And I haven't heard of anything, but no underlying shifts or anything that we might not be seeing that your customers are saying in terms of something going on that we wouldn't be thinking of?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: The only thing that we've heard from our customers interestingly enough is that they're having a hard time hiring technicians. And just getting the work out the door has been a little bit of a challenge for that side of the business, but that they will fix. They will find people to fix the cars. I'm absolutely convinced of that. So, no, nothing underlying that we're hearing from our customer base whatsoever.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, two, you talked about obviously controlling what you can on the margin side, and kudos for delivering that. And it still feels that we're kind of in the relative early innings in terms of seeing the results as you pointed out mix sequentially, so that continues to go well. Anything else on the top line though that you can do to help your cause in terms of whether it's trying to buy more cars or we talked before about getting into the transmission remanufacturing business or anything on the incremental side of trying to just push incrementally on the sales effort?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Absolutely. We did mention that we've been trying to buy a better car in anticipation of these newer cars coming into the sweet spot. So, we will be pushing more cars through the system, absolutely. That is our goal. We're in the process of acquiring more property wherever we can to process more vehicles, so that is absolutely a focus as well as introducing new product types. We talked about the number of certified parts continue to go up. We're carrying a much stronger level of those parts as well. So, I think our inventory is going to be well positioned to meet the organic growth needs that we have.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just last question, Rob, just because you brought it up in terms of hiring technicians. Is there anything going on in the surface, underlying again in the surface where the cars are becoming so complex and the diagnostics so complex that any worry even past the warranty period that more cars, whether it's a collision or a mechanical repair would be going back to the dealer for some reason?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: We don't think so. I've talked to honestly the MSOs quite regularly on their thoughts on that, and they don't believe that technology is not insurmountable for a technician not trained in a dealership environment. So, they are confident, as you can see, by their acquisitions. They continue to acquire companies. They think they're well positioned to be able to handle those repairs. More importantly, I think, is our manufacturers' ability to replicate those parts over in Taiwan, and they're seeing no issues whatsoever acquiring the correct aluminum or the high-strength steel. So, no issues on either side.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And, Nate, one other thing is even if there were more cars headed into dealer collision repair shops, that doesn't mean that there is more OE parts because the insurance companies are still mandating which parts are going to be used. Just the week before last, I was – spent the day with customers out in the field, including dealers, and they basically have said that they don't have the ability to select the parts being used. The insurance companies are driving it all. So, it doesn't make a difference where the repair is being held and done. The choice of parts selection is still being driven by the insurance companies.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Outstanding point. Thank you very much for the time. Appreciate it.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Hey, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Question. I guess you've given the CCC number on repairable claims growth year-to-date of 2.4%. What's the total claim so we can factor in the losses? Because obviously, some of the salvage auction guys are seeing more volume flowing through theirs. Insurance companies opt not to repair, but what's the total crash rate?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: It's about 6%, which includes comp, which are flood losses, tornadoes. So, yeah, the auctions are getting that benefit. Those are cars that don't get repaired because of the floods and hail damage, severe hail damage that totals a car.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then I guess on Andrew Page, 102 stores, assuming it's finally approved. How many of those you think you need to close? Is there a lot of duplicate real estate there with ECP?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: No. There is, however, they've got a unique customer base. So, we're going to look at that on an individual basis, but as it stands right now, we plan at keeping the vast majority open because they have service to different customer to a certain extent, and the brand is so strong. We'll look at that post CMA clearance.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then one last question on Specialty. I think you said you were pretty happy with the 3.7% growth. Where do you see that being? And I guess, when you acquired the original Keystone, it was sort of seen as growing in line with the core North American business at the time. I guess, now that we've owned it for a couple of years, is it something that you think is a lower single-digit grower or is it the change in the mix as you've bought Stag and Coast that has brought the growth down into the low to mid single as opposed to mid to upper single?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: True to the three quarters, we're actually above the North American growth, and I think that's going to continue, Bret. I think that the volume continues to be strong. The RV sales are up year-over-year. So, as long as that continues, we do expect decent organic growth in that line of business.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, for the first nine months, the organic growth in Specialty was 7.3%.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Right.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And I guess, from the competitive landscape in Specialty, do you see anything changing? Obviously, Amazon is talking about auto parts these days, our favorite topic recently. And Specialty and performance is a category they are focusing on. Do you see any change? Are they making inroads or is it pretty much status quo from your customer base?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, status quo. Amazon, these are big bulky parts, as you know. They have not shown any desire at this point to stock a lot of that product. So, at this point, our customer base is still very strong, coming direct to us.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bill Armstrong with C.L. King. Your line is now open.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen. On the North American 2.1% growth, are you seeing any disparity or divergence between mechanical versus collision repair?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: As Nick mentioned in his prepared remarks, our core parts business did well. Where we saw a little bit of softness, Bill, was in the wheel business and the collision cooling business and obviously, a little bit of paint that's tied to the collision itself. Soothe mechanical side of the business did okay and the salvage side of the business.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then your Q4 guidance or the implied Q4 guidance, you mentioned your foreign exchange assumptions of $1.22. What would be the cents per share impact of that lower foreign exchange?
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, Bill. Thanks for asking the question. The FX is likely going to hit us for $0.01, maybe slightly more than $0.01. We think that scrap is going to hit us for at least $0.005, maybe a little bit more. As I mentioned, Andrew Page will likely hit us for close to a $0.015, and that's really the sum and substance of the slight tweaks to the guidance.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: And your last question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Your line is now open.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a question again on North America. Have you seen any change for OEM price matching or any other change in the competitive landscape?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: No, not at all, Jason. The OEs are still doing the same things they've done and haven't increased their price matching programs whatsoever. It's interesting on the – you can talk about competition. We are obviously active acquirers in the business, and we obviously get to see financials, and we're seeing the industry struggle. They don't seem to be taking market share from anybody, our competition, so from the financials we've seen.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: You mentioned weather. I mean, is this more of a function of the economy, just customers not repairing their cars, as you say, drivable collisions?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: That's definitely a part of it. There is certainly some economic uncertainty out there with the elections going on. That's for sure. Yes, when the car is drivable, the consumer can elect to pocket that check that they get from their insurance company. It is interesting when we've done our channel checks on that, Jason. The insurance companies never know if the car actually got repaired. It's pretty interesting. When they write a check to a third party, that customer can repair the car or obviously take the money. They would not know unless there was a supplement. In other words, they wrote an estimate for $1,000, ship said they need $1,200, then they would know obviously because they have to write an additional check, but the vast majority of the time, the insurance company doesn't even know if the car got repaired.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And then finally, just looking at the collision revenue number in the U.K., up 13%, which is still strong but maybe off a little from historical growth rates. Just wondered if you could talk about that business and your efforts to increase benefits there?
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Yeah, still very pleased with our collision growth there, double digits. They too had a mild winter, and it's also been similar to the United States, an influx of new car. Registrations are up dramatically in the UK, so they're getting a little bit of headwind from the new car, again, that it tends to get new parts. They are also coming out of that in the next year, so we do expect the tailwind to start to emerge with the car part getting a little more in the sweet spot. So, same number of insurance companies in our program, very consistently happy with the results we've been delivering, and no one has been turning their backs on us in terms of stopping the program. So, we are starting our initial – just an update on the continent. We've talked about bringing the collision parts to the continent. We are just starting our initial talks with some of the Netherlands insurance companies to start bringing collision parts into that market as well. So, we anticipate 2017 being a launching of that program as well.
Dominick P. Zarcone - LKQ Corp.: And before we wrap up the call, I just want to make one thing clear because there was some analyst who put out notes this morning before the call with the implication that the change on the accounting standard, the benefit of lower tax rates got rolled into our adjusted EPS. That's incorrect. Adjusted EPS of $0.45 excludes the benefit, excludes the benefit of the adoption of the new accounting standard. So, if we had let it just roll through, we would have reported $0.47. Likewise, our guidance for the year excludes the benefit of the new accounting standard.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I turn the conference back to Rob Wagman for closing remarks.
Robert L. Wagman - LKQ Corp.: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to updating you on our Q4 results and the 2017 guidance on our next call in February. Have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director-Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factor discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Rob Wagman, our CEO.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. This morning, I will begin our review with a few high level financial metrics, followed by an update on our operating segments and some macro trends we witnessed in Q2. Nick will follow with a detailed overview of our financial performance. Turning to slide three. Q2 revenue reached a record $2.45 billion, an increase of 33.3% as compared to $1.84 billion in the second quarter of 2015. Net income for the second quarter of 2016 was $140.7 million, an increase of 17.6% as compared to $119.7 million for the same period of 2015. On an adjusted basis, net income was $169.2 million, an increase of 34% as compared to the $126.3 million for the same period of 2015. Diluted earnings per share of $0.46 for Q2 increased 17.9% from $0.39 for the second quarter of 2015, while adjusted diluted EPS increased from $0.41 to $0.55, an increase of 34.1%. Nick will provide more specifics on these adjustments shortly. During the quarter, organic revenue growth for parts and services was a respectable 5.4%, despite facing tough year-over-year comps and a continuation of the challenging weather dynamics we faced in Q1 globally. Let's now turn to our North America operations. There is no doubt that the impact of the mild winter in Q1 continued into Q2 as collision claims were down in many states. According to CCC, total year-to-date collision claims were up only 2.3%. In addition, the U.S. market witnessed average temperatures well above historical levels, making year-to-date 2016 the third warmest on record with only 2012 and 2006 being warmer. Also, year-to-date precipitation was mixed across North America with key markets like Pennsylvania witnessing levels 17% below historical averages, while Colorado was 14% above. With that said, it's important to note that this impact was not consistent across North America. The geographic regions of Canada, the Northeast and the Midwest had declines in Q1 repairable claims and organic growth and the metrics in these regions were soft again in Q2. Conversely, our Central and Southeast regions which had nearly double-digit organic growth in Q1 continued that trend of solid organic growth in Q2. Despite the tough comp and the short-term challenges of weather and subsequent lower claims volume, North America delivered Q2 and year-to-date organic revenue growth for parts and services of 3.1% and 4% respectively. During Q2, we purchased over 72,000 vehicles for dismantling by our North American wholesale operations, a 2.9% decrease over Q2 2015. Procurement costs at auction increased over Q2 2015 by 2.7%. But again, we continue to buy a slightly younger vehicle year-over-year. For our North American aftermarket business, we continue to see improvements in our total collision SKU offerings as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 9.6% and 16.8%, respectively, year-over-year and in the quarter. In addition, our North American operations improved gross margins during the quarter which included 40 basis points of improvement from the aftermarket procurement initiatives implemented during 2016. And lastly, during the quarter, we added a top 10 carrier to our Keys IQ (05:35), proprietary aftermarket parts program. This carrier was a solid win for our North American team, given this carrier was using aftermarket parts only on a limited basis. We expect to have the entire program fully deployed by November 1, 2016. In our self-service retail business during Q2, we acquired over 138,000 lower cost self-service and crush only cars which is a 5.3% increase over Q2 2015. Similar to Q1, we increased our self-service procurement to take advantage of the favorable pricing to the higher quality vehicles in this line of business. Nick will provide more details on scrap shortly. Turning to our ongoing intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC. During Q2, the revenue and number of aftermarket purchase orders processed through the CCC platform grew 91% and 66% respectively year-over-year. Briefly, I want to provide an update on our sales force effectiveness and route optimization productivity initiatives discussed on the last call. During the quarter, our sales force effectiveness efforts focused on increasing the level of outbound calls per sales rep which increased from 17.2 to 18 per day, a 4% increase sequentially from Q1 to Q2 2016. In addition, in June, we launched an add-on sales program to drive incremental sales per order with a specific group of SKUs. The early results of this launch are encouraging with some of the SKUs in the program doubling in sales. Though the dollar increase in sales from this program are minimal, the intent is to instill discipline in our sales force to continuously focus on selling deeper into every customer and every order. Also, during the quarter, we continue to make great strides with the implementation of Roadnet, the Tier 1 provider we selected for the technology component of our route optimization efforts. At the end of Q2, our current utilization rate with Roadnet reached 80%, accounting for over 3,400 vehicles driving over 285,000 miles and making over 42,000 stops on a daily basis. Thus far with this initiative, our focus has been to introduce our operations to the use of Roadnet. Once we have reached full installation by year end, we will begin the arduous task of assessing all the opportunities that exist across our networks and fleet. Combined, this should generate operational efficiencies and incremental margin within our North American business. Now moving to our European operations. In Q2, our Europe segment had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 8% and acquisition growth of 57.5%, primarily related to Rhiag which were offset by a decrease of 3.7% related to foreign exchange rates. During Q2, ECP drove organic revenue growth for parts and services of 9.6%, and for branches opened more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 7.8%. I am pleased with this growth given the extremely wet weather conditions in the quarter. According to the UK Met Office, June was the 11th wettest since 1910 which had a slight impact on road travel in the midst of a normal busy driving season. During the quarter, ECP opened seven new branches, bringing our network to 206 branches. During Q2, collision parts sales at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 18.2%. Also during the quarter, ECP collision entered into a parts agreement with CRN or the Car Repair Network, a nationwide network of over 170 repairers that combined are responsible for over 18,000 repairs per year. In addition to CRN, we successfully achieved approval status for the supply of parts to the largest UK repair group, Nationwide Accident Repair Centers, following its successful tender process. And lastly on ECP, I'd like to note that while the UK referendum to leave the EU has created some near-term uncertainty and negatively impacted its currency, we do expect that people will largely continue to drive their vehicles. As most of you are aware, the demand for the parts we sell in Europe are related to the total miles driven in the average age of cars on the road. Neither of which should be directly impacted by the results of the referendum. And frankly, in tough economic times, the value proposition of alternative parts becomes more attractive. Nick will provide additional color on the referendum impact shortly. And now turning to our Sator business. During Q2, Sator had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 4.4%. Also, as mentioned on our Q1 call, our investments in 2014 and 2015 continue to drive margin improvements at Sator with Q2 recording the highest gross and EBITDA margins achieved since acquiring the business in May of 2013. And now an update on Rhiag. Q2 was the first full quarter of ownership of Rhiag. Overall, Rhiag tracked in line with our expectation and is executing on its growth initiatives. Since we acquired Rhiag in March, it has added 11 new branch locations to the network. We have been very busy with the integration with our teams focused on the purchasing functions. As I speak, we are keenly focused on gathering the necessary data and putting in place the communication lines to achieve the targeted synergies for building a sustainable pan-European procurement function. As an example, we have learned that Rhiag has certain branded products that ECP will be able to distribute, allowing ECP to augment or replace some of its existing suppliers. Not only will this example reduce the number of vendors and the complexity associated with the current suppliers in the UK, but it will also improve margins. With that said, we continue to believe that we are well along and on the right path to building a company that's unique that will have benefit from our scale and common ownership to create a leading position throughout all of Europe. Now on to our specialty segment. Our specialty segment continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year total revenue growth of 18.5% in the quarter, including the benefits of the Coast acquisition and strong organic revenue growth of 8%. This continued solid organic growth is largely due to the expansion of our specialty delivery routes, the integration of the Coast business on to our existing delivery fleet, expanded warehouse service levels, a strong SAAR and enhanced inventory offerings. And lastly, specialty continued their integration activities from the Coast acquisition by consolidating additional Coast distribution centers into our existing network. At the end of Q2, only 4 of the 17 original Coast warehouses were in operation. As previously mentioned, on April 21, 2016, the company closed its acquisition of PGW, a leading global distributor and manufacturer of automotive glass products. With this acquisition, we now have a new reporting segment that Nick will cover further. Regarding their operations, during the quarter, the PGW team secured a manufacturer renewal agreement for an existing OE platform with a new model launch, and also, a one-year renewal contract with a large North American MSO for their ARG business. In addition to the PGW acquisition during the second quarter of 2016, LKQ acquired a distributor of aftermarket automotive products in Belgium. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more details and perspective on our financial results and our updated 2016 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everybody on the call. I am delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter and over the next few minutes I will address the consolidated results of our company and review the performance of each of our core segments during the second quarter, before touching on the balance sheet and then addressing our revised guidance for 2016. The short version of our financial performance in Q2 of 2016 is that we had a terrific quarter, and taken as a whole, performed ahead of our expectations. While the revenue growth in North America was a bit behind expectations, the margins in this segment were very strong. In addition, the European operations performed well, the two big acquisitions were slightly above target and we finally got a small boost from a sequential increase in scrap steel prices. To refresh everyone's memory, Rhiag closed in late March and was included for the full quarter while PGW closed in late April and contributed for only 10 weeks. As Rob mentioned, consolidated revenue for the second order of 2016 was $2.45 billion, representing a 33% increase over last year. That reflects a 36.8% increase in revenue from parts and services, partially offset by an 11.2% decrease in other revenue. The components of the parts and services revenue growth include approximately 5.4% from organic, plus 32.8% from acquisitions, for a constant currency growth of 38.2% before backing out the translation impact of FX which was a 1.4% decline. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each business as I walk through the segment results. As noted on page 11 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins declined 180 basis points to 37.6% due entirely to the impact of the acquisitions. You will recall that when we initially announced the transactions, we highlighted the fact that both Rhiag and PGW have lower gross margins than our historical businesses. Excluding the two big acquisitions, gross margins were actually up by about 70 basis points during the quarter. While consolidated gross margins were down, consolidated operating expenses as a percent of revenue were also about 160 basis points below last year. Some of that reflects the impact of the different margin structure of the two acquisitions and some of it reflects improved efficiencies in the historical businesses. Segment EBITDA totaled $319 million for the quarter, reflecting a 37% increase from 2015. As a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 13%, a 30-basis point increase over the 12.7% recorded last year. On a year-over-year basis, we experienced an increase in restructuring cost, primarily related to expenses connected with the integration of our specialty acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization was up almost $23 million, most all of which relates to the impact of the two big acquisitions. The same holds true for interest expense which was up by about $12 million. With that, pre-tax income increased 16% over last year. Our effective tax rate during the second quarter was 34.75%, down from the 34.85% in 2015 and consistent with the annual guidance we provided in April. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.46 which was up 18% compared to the $0.39 reported last year. Adjusted EPS which is before restructuring charges, the loss on debt extinguishment, the hedging gain, intangible asset amortization and a non-cash inventory step-up adjustment related to the PGW acquisition was $0.55 a share versus $0.41, reflecting a 34% improvement. As mentioned, the impact of scrap was a bit of a tailwind in the quarter and actually helped earnings per share by about $0.02. Currency fluctuations negatively impacted earnings per share by about $0.01 during the second quarter and we anticipate that currencies will have a bigger negative impact in the back half of the year, given the devaluation of the pound sterling following the Brexit vote. As highlighted on page 13, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this mix shift impacts the trend in consolidated margins. This became more accentuated now that we have closed both Rhiag and PGW and you saw a shift in the second quarter metrics where in North American parts and services revenue accounted for less than 40% of the consolidated total. And with that, let's get on to the details of the operating segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the second quarter of 2016 increased to $1.81 billion or a 3.4% increase over 2015. This is the combination of a 5.6% growth rate in parts and services, offset by 11.4% decline in other revenue, the latter of which was due primarily to the sale of our precious metals business at the end of Q2 of last year, and lower prices received for other metals such as aluminum, platinum, palladium and rhodium relative to Q2 of last year. The 5.6% growth in North American parts and services was the combination of 3.1% organic growth and 2.8% acquisition growth, offset by a 30-basis point FX decline due to the weakness of the Canadian dollar. There is no doubt that the impact of the mild winter had a bleed over impact on our Q2 revenue. According to CCC, repairable collision claims were down on a year-over-year basis in many of the big population snow belt states, including Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. Collision parts simply don't sell as well when accident frequency is down. As Rob mentioned, this was not consistent across North America, as our Central and Southeast regions which had excellent organic growth in Q1 continued to report above average organic growth in Q2. Gross margins in North America during the second quarter were 44.1%, a 170 basis-point increase over 2015. The benefits of the procurement initiatives started to manifest themselves in Q2 and the lower cost of aftermarket inventory added approximately 40 basis points of improvement to the gross margin of our overall North American operations. Salvage also experienced a slight increase in gross margins, while our self-service operations contributed a 110 basis-point increase to North American gross margins, largely reflecting the sequential improvement in scrap steel pricing. You will note that scrap spiked in May, reaching over $150 per ton, but has reversed course and we're now back down into the low $100 range. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment, we gained about 30 basis points of margin compared to the comparable quarter of last year, reflecting improvements in both the wholesale and self-service operations. On the upside, we continue to experience improvements in both fuel and facility cost, relative to last year, but on the downside, we lost a bit of margin related to freight expense. In total, EBITDA for the North American business during the second quarter was $164 million, and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the North American segment was 15.2% in Q2 of this year, up 190 basis points from the 13.3% reported in the comparable period of the prior year. You will recall that in Q1, we indicated that we expected the benefit from our productivity initiatives to pick up as we move through the year. As just mentioned, we saw some benefit in our cost of goods sold, related to the procurement savings of our aftermarket parts inventory. In addition, there are procurement benefits in many other expense categories across North America. The route optimization effort is now rolled out across 80% of the country, and we anticipate we will begin to see the positive impact of that program begin to accrue over the next few quarters. In total, we estimate that the aggregate benefit of the productivity initiatives during the second quarter was approximately $0.01 a share. Moving on to our European segment. Total revenue in the second quarter accelerated to $824 million, up from $510 million, a 62% increase. Organic growth for parts and services in Europe during the second quarter was 8%, reflecting the combination of 9.6% growth at ECP, 4.4% growth at Sator, and 9.9% in Sweden. The impact of the acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 58% increase in revenue with most – with the most significant amount reflecting the addition of Rhiag. So, on a constant currency basis, European parts and services revenue was up 66%. These gains were offset by a 4% decline due to the translation impact of the strong dollar, particularly relative to the pound sterling. As you can see on page 19, the average rate during the quarter for the sterling was about 6% below last year, and it fell an incremental 7% to about $1.33 at quarter end due to the Brexit vote. More recently, the sterling has been down further to about $1.30 to $1.31. The translation impact of this will absolutely weigh on a reported U.S. dollar result for the rest of the year, probably to the tune of $0.01 in each of the third and fourth quarters. Gross margins in Europe were 37.4%, a 50 basis-point decline from the comparable period of 2015, largely reflecting the impact of Rhiag. Excluding the impact of Rhiag, gross margins in Europe increased 100 basis points as we continue to benefit from improved procurement in the UK and the internalization of the gross margin from our acquisitions in the Netherlands. As mentioned when we announced the Rhiag acquisition back in December, given the three step distribution model in Italy and Switzerland, Rhiag has a lower gross margin structure than either ECP or Sator. The impact was not as significant as initially anticipated, however, and after mapping Rhiag's general ledger accounts to LKQ's chart of accounts and completing the conversion from IFRS to U.S. GAAP, Rhiag had gross margins of about 34.6% during the second quarter. With respect to operating expenses as a percent of revenue, we experienced a 60 basis-point improvement on a consolidated European basis. We benefited from a 170 basis-point reduction in operating expense due to the addition of Rhiag which has lower operating expenses as a percent of revenue than either ECP or Sator. We also saw about a 40-basis point improvement in SG&A expense as a percent of revenue primarily at ECP. Offsetting these gains was 140-basis point increase in facility and warehouse expense. As you will recall, we started paying rents and related property costs on the new distribution facility in Tamworth, England in February. The incremental costs related to this project in Q2 were approximately £2.2 million or about $3.2 million which reflects a 40-basis point increase in operating expenses as a percent of revenue for Europe. We were also impacted by new branches in-housed at ECP and an increase in warehouse personnel at Sator related to new product introductions. European EBITDA totaled $90 million, a 67% increase over last year, reflecting solid performance at ECP and Sator and the positive impact of Rhiag. Excluding the negative impact of FX rates, constant currency EBITDA growth in Europe was 71%. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA for the second quarter of 2016 was 10.9% versus 10.6% last year, a 30-basis point improvement, even after taking into account the impact of the T2 project. Turning to our specialty segment. Revenue for the second quarter totaled $337 million, a 19% increase over the comparable quarter of 2015. The organic growth rate of 8% was quite strong while the impact of the Coast acquisition in August of 2015 added 11% to revenue growth. Gross margins in our specialty segment for the second quarter decreased about 160 basis points compared to last year, largely due to the impact of stocking two new specialty distribution centers in Michigan and Washington State, which were not in operation at this time last year, as well as increased customer volume rebates associated with the higher sales levels. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue in specialty were up about 30 basis points. Facility expense increased due to certain costs related to the two new distribution centers mentioned a bit ago. On the plus side, we continue to see the SG&A leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing network as well as the benefit of the lower fuel prices. EBITDA for the specialty segment was $42 million, up 4% from Q2 of 2015, and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the specialty segment decreased 170 basis points to 12.4% in 2016 compared to 14.1% last year. Remember, this is a highly seasonal business and you should assume these margins will moderate as we move through the back half of the year. On page 22, you can see the impact of the acquisition of PGW. Revenue for the quarter was $210 million which again reflects 10 weeks of activity. You should note, Q2 tends to be a very strong quarter for PGW. Gross margins were 18.4%, but this included a one-time non-cash charge of $10 million, reflecting the write-off of inventory. You may recall that on the Q1 call, I mentioned that under U.S. GAAP, we had to mark the closing date inventory of PGW up to the market value, and this increase would get amortized as a non-cash expense as we turn the inventory. We anticipated an $8 million to $12 million charge and it came right in the middle at $10 million. It doesn't affect our adjusted net income or adjusted EPS, but it was a one-time hit to gross margin, diluted net income and diluted EPS during the quarter. Excluding this one-time non-cash item, the gross margin at PGW would have been 23.3% which is generally consistent with the expectations we highlighted at the time the transaction was announced. EBITDA margins for PGW were 11.1%, slightly higher than the annual level mentioned when we announced the transaction, largely reflecting the seasonality of the business as Q2 tends to be relatively strong. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 23, you will note that our after-tax cash flow from operations during the first six months was approximately $355 million as we experienced strong cash earnings and only a moderate increase in working capital. During the first six months of 2016, we deployed a little more than $1.9 billion of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $102 million to fund capital expenditures and almost $1.8 billion to fund acquisitions. The acquisitions of Rhiag and PGW were financed by drawing down on our line of credit, and the completion of a euro note offering back in April. We closed the quarter with approximately $273 million of cash, of which, $196 million was held outside of the United States, and we had slightly more than $3.3 billion of total debt outstanding. So our net debt was approximately $3.1 billion, and on a pro forma basis, taking into account the impact of the acquisitions, our leverage ratio was about 2.8 times, latest 12-month EBITDA. At quarter end, total availability under our credit facility was approximately $1.1 billion which we believe is sufficient to support the continued growth of our businesses. Finally, as you noted in the press release, we have provided updated guidance on some of our key financial metrics for 2016. Again, Rhiag closed on March 18 and PGW on April 21, so we will record a tad more than nine months and eight months of their respective results in 2016. As it relates to the organic growth for parts and services, we slightly reduced the guidance for 2016 to 5.5% to 7.0%, reflecting the softness in the North American year-to-date results following the mild winter. Our range for adjusted EPS which excludes the after-tax impact of intangible amortization is now $1.79 to $1.87 per share with the midpoint of $1.83. The increase from the previous midpoint of $1.81 reflects the better than expected Q2 results, partially offset by anticipated headwinds from the currencies in the back half of the year, particularly the pound sterling, lower scrap steel prices than experienced in Q2, and a better appreciation for the seasonality of the two new acquisitions, particularly related to typical Q4 slowdowns. The new EPS guidance assumes the pound sterling and euro exchange rates of $1.30 and $1.10, respectively, and importantly that scrap remains at current levels as well. Our assumed tax rate for 2016 remains constant at 34.75%.Our current guidance for cash flow from operations is up a bit to approximately $585 million to $635 million, and the guidance for capital spending is unchanged. At this point, I will return the call back over to Rob to wrap up.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we are pleased with our second quarter performance. As we enter the back half of 2016, I am confident that we will continue to execute on our performance priorities of organic growth, margin expansion, the leveraging of our networks and our passion for delivering our one-stop shop solution and industry leading fill rates to each of our customers. We believe that great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. Every day, our 38,000 plus employees work together to build a better company for our customers and shareholders, and for that, I would like to say thank you. This team effort combined with our unique competitive position in each of our business segments continues to translate into consistent earnings growth for our shareholders which has allowed us to increase our guidance for 2016, despite the unpredictable weather anomalies we faced earlier this year. And with that, Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Rob, it looks like you mentioned collisions were soft. But are you seeing any impact from growth in the number of cars in your sweet spot that might offset some of the weakness in collision activity?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Craig, it was soft as I said in my prepared remarks. CCC reported 2.3% growth, and we came in at 4% for the first half. So we still are taking market share, but to answer your question about the cars hitting the sweet spot, we expect that at the end of this year, early 2017. So, as the cars start coming out of that – hitting that three-year spot, so it's pretty flat right now year-over-year. But at the end of 2016, early 2017, we start to see it expand.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then, Nick, to what extent can you quantify the impact of the efficiency projects you're undertaking in North America? I know you've made a number of changes there. I'm wondering what you think the full annualized impact might be down the road.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Again, Craig, as we mentioned on several calls here, we're going to report that as we go. We are thrilled that in Q2, the total impact was $0.01 per share to the positive. Just to put that in perspective, that's – $0.01 a share is $5 million of pre-tax. We would anticipate that we've got that locked in for the rest of the year. We do anticipate to be able to garner some improved efficiencies as we move through 2016 and 2017 because some of the programs take a little bit of time to ramp up. But, again, on a – if you want to annualize the second quarter, that'd be $0.04 a share or the better part of $20 million.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Nate.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: So just to dig a little bit further on the organic growth, I mean clearly, weather is what it is. Normally, with some of the positive factors in terms of the miles driven, more parts to repair, all the things that we've talked about, particularly and again, with somewhat of the market share gains, I'd still normally expect the spread between the industry growth and you guys to be just a little bit wider, I mean still positive. Just wondering if there was anything going on there in terms of the mix of geographies? Again, you pointed out some were stronger, some were a little bit weaker. And then, also, whether may be the conversion to Roadnet had any bit of, at all, any disruption in terms of that organic growth at all?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Certainly, the geographic differences, Nate, were pretty stark actually. We were very strong in the South and the Central regions. And the Rust Belt or the Winter Belt was very, very light. it really matched up almost identical with what CCC gave us for claims. One other thing that CCC pointed out to us was pretty interesting, a later model car is being repaired now, which is a little bit of headwind at first because obviously newer cars will get new parts. There aren't a lot of used parts in for the stream yet as well as the aftermarket parts for that matter. So we are expecting when that sweet spot moves our way, we are expecting to see more growth in our – for those type of products because it will just be much more demand. Remember, we talk about that three to eight years, we're bringing in that 2009 model year now car where it was the lowest SAAR production of all. So we'll get through it next year, and we think a lot more cars will start hitting the sweet spot.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then in terms of – well, and maybe this is a separate question then. But in terms of the conversion over to Roadnet, obviously, you'll get a lot of ultimate efficiencies on that. But is there any like near-term disruption in terms of your drivers just getting used to that or in terms of just the different routing schedules?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. There are some pretty smoothly actually. We did a very controlled rollout of that, so no hiccups there. What we do anticipate is once we get the whole country rolled out, we'll start looking at the individual routes to really start to drive the efficiency. So no real hiccups in that rollout at all.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. But, Nate, just to be clear, there's absolutely no correlation between the distribution of the parts which is really what Roadnet goes after and the ultimate sale of the part. The reality is, when collision frequency is down, you're going to sell less parts.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure. Totally get that. Okay. And then in terms of the procurement effort over in Europe, that obviously seems to be progressing well. Can you talk about, particularly with now Rhiag in the fold a little bit in terms of how those discussions are going and how much further you think in terms of the opportunity, in terms of those procurement savings?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Obviously, what we're doing now, Nate, is working with each individual manufacturer and pooling our combined purchases. And that's an arduous task to get through to get them to, obviously, agree to the terms that we're looking for and pooling all of those orders together. As we add more and more companies, it kind of resets it every time. So the talks are well under way. We have consolidated our purchasing under one lead person now for Europe. And those talks will continue and we'll continue to obviously work those. September is – big conference over there, it's called Automechanika. We have meetings with every one of our manufacturers and expect some positive results out of those meetings.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just a check-the-box question but any updates on State Farm in terms of how those discussions are going? Obviously, maybe they got a little bit of reprieve in terms of accident rates here in the first half, but obviously, the pressures keep building I would think.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I would love to say that that top 10 carrier I mentioned in my prepared remarks was State Farm, it was not, unfortunately.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Right. Okay.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It was a carrier who had multiple brands and only one of the brands was using my aftermarket parts and now they're bringing the whole company over. So that's a good win. As far as State Farm goes, no, nothing new there, Nate. I agree with you that they may have gotten a little bit of reprieve this half, first half, but GEICO continues to take market share and we keep talking to State Farm on a regular basis.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for all that.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ben.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: So, if I look at your organic parts and services guidance for the full year, and I try to infer second half North American organic growth, it looks like it's something mid single-digits. Is it fair – which that suggests a sequential acceleration in the two-year stack in North America, is it fair to think that the tail for this weather impact starts to dissipate here as we move into the back half?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's our thoughts, Ben, that we should start to normalize here now. And we are anticipating mid single-digits back to where we projected earlier in the year.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, Nick, if you could, and this is a little bit handholding, but are you able to quantify the embedded assumptions around the impact from FX scrap steel on an EPS basis for the balance of the year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. We believe that if the currency rates stay where they are, basically $1.30 on the pound and $1.10 on the euro, that will hit us as I indicated in my prepared remarks for about $0.01 a share a quarter, so $0.01 in the third quarter, $0.01 in the fourth quarter. On scrap, we got $0.02 to the positive in the second quarter. That was an unexpected surprise. If you look at the chart in the deck, you saw that the scrap prices during the month of May hit just north of $150 a ton. The average for the quarter was $1.38 which is up from $91 in Q1. And now we're back down to $115, right. And so, if you look at the change last year from Q2 to Q3, we went from $140 a ton, down to $123. And if you went to the Q3 script last year, that was $0.02 a share to the negative. So, if you just replay that this year, there could be as much as $0.02. We're hoping it will be a little bit less just because we were on a consistent downward trend in scrap pricing last year. This year, it's only the one quarter tick up and then it looks like back down. So there's a chance it won't be quite as significant, but figure $0.01 or $0.02 in the back of the year for scrap as well.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. That's helpful. And then I think, Nick, I heard you say that when everything shook out on Rhiag, gross margins in the quarter were 34.6%, which is materially higher than what was anticipated on a full year basis. How does that change your expectation for the full year basis for Rhiag's gross margin profile?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So the total doesn't change when you think about the underlying profitability of the company. It's just – under IFR – International Reporting Standards, right, you have different costs get reported in cost of goods sold as opposed to operating expense. So, while the total doesn't change, it's just a shift, higher gross margins and the offset is in operating expenses. We anticipated that Rhiag would be at like an 11% EBITDA margin. When we announced the transaction back in December, they were north of that. For the second quarter, there is seasonality to their business. As an example, there is – in their Italian business, there's three less working days in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. In the Czech Republic, there's two less days. And so the fourth quarter which traditionally is a little bit softer in our European businesses, you're going to see that with Rhiag as well. So one key thing, and this is true with PGW as well, is there have been no changes to the annual plans for either Rhiag or PGW. We are very confident that the accretion expectations that we set forth when we announced those transactions will absolutely occur. Again, there's a little bit of shift between the quarters with Q2 being a really good quarter for both those entities. And so the benefits will be a little bit less in Q3 and Q4. But again, we're thrilled with how both the big acquisitions are performing under the first quarter or so of our ownership.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Ben, I just want to add one more thing to what Nick said on the Rhiag deal, we announced that we, in my prepared remarks, I said we did 11 branch openings. We're going to do an additional 20 to 25 in the back half of the year as well because we're so pleased with the way the acquisition's going. So it's going to mimic a lot of what we did at ECP, the year we bought that as well. So very pleased with that acquisition.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: That's great. That helps. And then just last one for me, if I think about the implications of Brexit, obviously, it's pretty nebulous at this point, but how do you think that impacts your acquisition strategy abroad, if at all?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, a couple comments on Brexit, we do see likely an increase in cost of goods coming into the UK. However, because of the devaluation of this pound sterling, we do expect all of our competitors to face that obviously. So we expect to pass that through. In terms of the acquisition strategy, as I mentioned and Nick mentioned as well, we're going to keep building out the Rhiag network through greenfields. And we will look for acquisitions as well. Likely, probably going to turn down a little bit, we expect some of the sellers might pull back and wait for the smoke to clear a little bit. But we are watching and we think it's an opportunity to continue and grow the business.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Bret.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, is there a way to look at the North American growth, sort of breaking out traffic versus ticket maybe? Is there any trend either on inflation or deflation in pricing? And/or change in penetration of alternative parts? Just trying to get a feeling for that, the drivers of organic?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So nothing that – none of the data that we analyzed on a daily, weekly, monthly basis, whether it's the number of calls we're receiving, the number of formal part request, the number of estimates, conversion rates, et cetera, et cetera, would suggest that there's any substantive changes in the market as a whole. The reality is, well in general, miles driven should correlate positively to collision activity, right, number of cars on the road. At the end of the day, the key metric is the number of accidents that actually occur. And it's been soft in the first half of the year.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I will add to what Nick said, Bret, that CCC did – we had a quarterly update from them on that chart that we have in our slide deck, our investor deck that shows the part penetration per estimate, another increase by the alternative parts industry for Q2. So continue to take market share from the OEs. I just think it's a – the result of just the lower claims volume right now. But when that returns to normal, I think we'll see the acceleration come back.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And then your comment about a top 10 carrier that you've added, obviously, not State Farm. Are there other top 10s that are under-indexed to alternative parts? We've all focused on State Farm but is there other share to gain there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That was the last one that had half of the – or actually about three quarters of their company not writing and a quarter writing. So that's it other than State Farm of course. Allstate, when you take a company like Allstate, they only write certified parts and that's why we always highlight the number of certified parts hitting the marketplace. So they have limited use, in other words they won't write all parts. But everyone else on the top 10 are writing some form of alternative parts now, other than State Farm, on aftermarket.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And a last question, you mentioned PGW picked up an MSO renewal. What percentage of PGW's replacement glass business is through MSOs?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's pretty small actually, less than 2%.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you for taking the question and good morning, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Jamie.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I wanted to follow-up on sort of two key topics. So first you alluded to in your slides, and apologies if you went into more detail on the prepared remarks, I had to dial in a little bit late, apologies for that, you're buying fewer units for slightly higher dollars per unit, so higher quality vehicles and there's some expected follow through, I think, as we discussed in the past that you can maybe sell those parts for higher prices as well. Just wanted to get an update on that sort of theme and how it's playing out?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we are intentionally buying a better vehicle. It's slightly newer. Younger, I should say in age with that intent of – as that car part shifts to a newer car, Jamie, we want to have obviously newer model parts in the inventory. So it is going to plan. We are buying that younger vehicle and we are absolutely getting more gross margin dollars. We run a report here that it is showing that we are actually getting more dollars out of the same amount of cars.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: And as the Houston (52:55) operation improves, are you starting to see benefits of an inventory turn perspective as well?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Not really. The inventory, historically, has turned about three times a year. There's no big changes there.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Got it. Okay and then...
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On a consolidated basis, it'll begin to turn a bit faster just because of PGW has a much higher turn, because their OE business has basically direct delivery to the assembly lines.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: And the PGW turns just from a housekeeping perspective, roughly you're saying that your core business is three times, what's PGW?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Order of six to seven times.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Got it. And then I mean there's clearly a lot on your plate with respect to Rhiag and PGW integration, the AlixPartners and Tamworth initiatives, so I don't want to sort of add more to your plate, but it does seem from some peer reports in the auto aftermarket that results have slowed or certainly decelerated on a comp store sales basis. And I'm wondering if that presents an opportunity for you, as you think about other North American verticals, whether that's wholesale channels or other sort of larger acquisition opportunities. And I know you discussed that, it was a later decade sort of endeavor but wondering if you're pulling forward that or thinking about pulling that forward, at all?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think that's fair Jamie. It is opening up new opportunities for us, particularly in the accessories space. Those vertical moves – we have a lot of opportunities there to expand that size of the business. We are not in the reman transmission business today. We think that's a great opportunity for us. So we are looking at those opportunities very closely now.
James J. Albertine - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. I appreciate the additional color and best of luck in the next quarter.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Healy with Northcoast Research. Please proceed with your question.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Just wanted to ask you guys just a clarification question. I know you're a little downbeat the weather trends curtailed some of the U.S. growth in the first half. But it seems like you're excited about and pleased how PGW performed in the last two months of the quarter since the end of April when you took it in your operations. Is it reasonable to assume, by that, that you're seeing parts and service business kind of the traditional parts ex-glass perform well in May and June, maybe better than what you saw in the first, call it, four months of the year? And, if anything, it's hard to believe that the glass business could be doing really well and then the component part of the business not doing so well?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, John, PGW was – had a really good contribution to the quarter. Again, they haven't changed their overall projections for the year, their budgets or their plans. So they're right on target. That's a combination of both the aftermarket business and the OE business. Obviously, the OE business plays to different dynamics than our historical businesses if you will. The reality is they're very – they're different, right. And the drivers of our core North American business are different than the core drivers of the PGW business. Again, we think our core North American business had a great quarter. I mean the margins were up. Gross margins were up. Operating margins were up. Profitability was up nicely. Yeah, the organic growth was a little bit lower than I think was expected. But given what was happening with total, the frequency of collisions, I mean all put together, we think we had a terrific first quarter in North America.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: John, I'll just add to what Nick said with the PGW acquisition. We are starting to sell glass in our LKQ facilities. So those reps have access to that. So, yeah, we are – we do like that the – certainly, the distribution side of the business, to be able to cross-sell in our different entities. We're looking at opportunities in Europe as well. So we're very pleased with that acquisition.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. And then I just wanted to ask, you gave the statistic about the benefit you're getting out of the sales force productivity, I think you said 17 calls or 17.2 calls going to 18 calls maybe. Where do you ultimately see that going to over time? And how much productivity do you think that you can really drive from an external sales standpoint amongst the sales force?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, the biggest benefit we think we can get is just training. By consolidating our call centers and getting our people better trained and better monitored is the ultimate goal here. We talked about the CCC initiative where more and more is going online as an opportunity as well. So we just see just more effectiveness with our sales reps and just being able to better handle called line (58:19) as well. The way we're situated now with sales reps spread out all over, we now have the ability to move our phones. If the phones go down, we can move it to a different call center. We do plan on going to extended hours so that at 5 in the morning if someone on the West Coast wanted to order a part, if they're up early, those will ring on the East Coast. And when we close down at 5 o'clock in the East Coast, those calls will be ringing on the West Coast. So we expect expanded service because of the way we're going to be routing the calls and handling the sales force. So we do expect some good efficiencies to come out of this.
John Healy - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just back to the North American market again, is it possible to separate the percent of revenue generated from collision versus mechanical repair?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Collision today is roughly 30% of our total revenue.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And how about the performance of that 30% for North America in the quarter?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The – again, I think the question you're asking is collision, kind of performance of collision versus mechanical?
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just the North American, I'm just trying to flesh out the collision performance versus the rest of the business there?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The collision side actually performed a little bit better than mechanical. I mean the two biggest parts we take off of a salvage vehicle is obviously the engine and the transmission. On the aftermarket side, we saw no mechanical. So mechanical strictly relates to the salvage side of the business. The reality is those parts start selling kind of year seven or so. If you take a look at the request that we get for engines and transmissions, about 15% of the total request relate to model years that are one to six years old. 65% of the requests come from model years that are seven to 15 years old. And so the kind of the sweet spot for the mechanical side, yeah, are older vehicles, and as – the strong SAAR rate over the last several years, it's going to take some time before those cars come in to the sweet spot on the mechanical side. So a little bit stronger performance on the collision versus the mechanical. But nothing – not significant.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And what is the approximate annual revenue generated from the UK collision market?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's annualizing roughly about $80 million now.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks very much.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Wagman for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you everyone for your time today, and we look forward to speaking with you in October when we report Q3 2016 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 15:45:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director-Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release as well as the slide presentation. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. This morning, I will begin our review of the quarter with a few high level financial metrics, followed by an update on our operating segments in the various macro trends, each segment witnessed in their respective markets and conclude with an update on our corporate development achievements in the quarter. Nick will follow with a detailed overview of our Q1 financial performance. Turning to slide three, Q1 revenue reached a record $1.92 billion, an increase of 8.3% as compared to $1.77 billion in the first quarter of 2015. Net income for the first quarter of 2016 was a $107.7 million, an increase of 0.6% as compared to $107.1 million for the same period of 2015. On an adjusted basis, net income was $128.7 million, an increase of 10.2% as compared to the $116.8 million for the same period of 2015. Diluted earnings per share of $0.35 for the first quarter ended March 31 2016 was unchanged from the $0.35 for the first quarter of 2015. It is important to note, however, that the Q1 2016 diluted earnings per share included charges equal to $0.07 per share resulting from restructuring and acquisition related expenses, losses on debt extinguishment, amortization of acquired intangibles, change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, and an adjustment for gains associated with the hedging the Rhiag purchase price. So on an adjusted basis, EPS grew 10.5% year-over-year in Q1. Nick will provide more specifics on the adjustment shortly. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 6.3% in the quarter, a solid number, given what mild weather headwinds we faced in North America and Europe and a tough comp in 2015. Turning to North America. According to the National Center for Environmental Information, March snow cover in the U.S. was 48% lower than the average coverage witnessed from 1981 to 2015. And the second smallest in the 50-year period on record was February and March of 2012 ranking third and fourth respectively. And February of this year was not far behind, recording 13th smallest level over that same 50-year period. With that as a backdrop, North America delivered organic revenue growth for parts and services of 4.9% in the quarter, which compared to the 3.6% achieved in Q1 2012 is solid, given we experienced similar weather anomalies in each of those quarters. During Q1, we purchased over 72,000 vehicles for dismantling by our North American wholesale operations, a 2.8% increase over Q1 2015. During Q1, our pricing at auction increased over Q1 2015 by 9%. But we were also buying a younger vehicle by over one year or 13% younger. This younger vehicle procurement strategy positions us to take advantage of the inevitable reduction in the average age of the vehicle being repaired, a direct result of the increase in the SAAR rates. Illustrating this point, during the quarter, the average model year age of a vehicle being repaired was younger by over a year compared to the same period in 2015. For our North American aftermarket business, we continue to see improvements in our total collision SKU offerings, as well as the total number of certified parts available, each growing 18.5% and 58.4% respectively year-over-year in the quarter In our self-service retail business, during Q1, we acquired over 125,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, which is a 25% increase over Q1 2015. Compared to the prior year, we increased our self-service procurement in the quarter to take advantage of the favorable pricing for higher quality vehicles in this line of business, given the year-over-year decline in scrap pricing. As of way, we have seen a stabilization of scrap pricing. Turning to our ongoing intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Systems. In March of 2015, we introduced LKQ's recycled parts offering through this platform with initial base of 100 shops in Portland, Grand Rapids, and Oklahoma City. From a base of zero and within less than a year, the initial results are encouraged. Through the end of Q1, LKQ's recycled parts are now accessible to over 2,500 shops in virtually every major city throughout the United States. During Q1, the revenue and number of aftermarket parts purchased processed through the CCC platform, through 82% and 84% respectively year-over-year. And lastly, on North America, I want to provide an update on our productivity initiatives to identify potential operational efficiencies. As mentioned on previous calls, we've identified several significant opportunities in four key areas, with one being sales force effectiveness and the second one being (7:06) optimization. During the quarter, our sales responsibilities were separated from our operations across the United States, resulting in a more focused structure. This structure has three regional sales vice presidents, a leadership team of district sales manager and inside sales managers as well. We now have a geographically focused sales force that is positioned to compete at a local level allowing our broader team to handle increased call volumes. During the quarter, we implemented additional sales KPIs focused on increasing total talk time, outbound calls and peer coaching. The initial results of these KPIs are positive with total talk time and outbound calls increasing 27% and 15% respectively in the quarter. Under our peer coaching, we have engaged each inside sales manager to increase his or her time on the floor with their sales force. But we also have each sales manager spend 18 hours per week on the floor engaging in side-by-side coaching, which will increase sales skills with higher volume of sales per rep and simultaneously improve the overall experience to our customer. Though this coaching structure may create a slight head room with sales, the long-term benefit of driving the performance of our top sales people should lead to reduction in the overall size of our sales force. In addition, during the quarter, we made great strides with the implementation of Roadnet, the Tier 1 provider we've selected for the technology component of our route optimization efforts. Roadnet's fleet in mobile management software provides strategic territory and street level route plans, multi-stock vehicle routing and scheduling, wireless dispatch, vehicle telematics, fuel management and real-time vehicle GPS tracking. Our current utilization rate with Roadnet represents 65% of our North American fleet which today is accounting for over 2,500 vehicles driving over 140,000 miles and make over 22,000 stops on a daily basis. Our goal is to be at a 100% utilization by the end of 2016. Now moving on to our European operations. In Q1, our Europe segment had organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.9% and acquisition growth of 9.9%, which was offset by a decrease of 4.5% related to foreign exchange rates. During Q1, ECP drove organic revenue growth for parts and services of 7.4%, and for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 5.8%, a solid performance given that ECP had one less selling day year-over-year. During the quarter, ECP did not open any additional branches, providing our team the bandwidth to focus on capturing incremental margin expansion year-over-year in Q1. During Q1, collision parts sales at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 15.5%. I am pleased with the continued double-digit performance in this line of business, especially given the mild Q1 weather in the UK, a tough comp in 2015 and again with one less selling day. Now turning to our Sator business. During Q1, Sator drove organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.2%, its highest quarterly rate since we acquired the business in May of 2013. We believe that our investments in 2014 and 2015 to convert our distribution model from three step to two step is predominantly responsible for not only this acceleration of organic growth, but also the year-over-year improvements in gross and EBITDA margins. And now on to our Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment continued strong performance by posting year-over-year total revenue growth of 19.5% in the quarter, including the benefits of the Coast acquisition and strong organic revenue growth of 10.8%. I'm also pleased with the margin expansion at Specialty realized in the quarter, which Nick will cover shortly. During the quarter, Specialty continued their integration activities from the Coast acquisition by consolidating two additional warehouses into our network. Also the Coast administrative synergies continue to be ahead of our schedule. In addition, our previously mentioned Specialty distribution centers in Michigan and Washington State were both fully operational at the end of Q1. Now on to corporate development. On March 21, 2016, the company closed its previously announced acquisition of Rhiag, a leading pan-European business-to-business distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Rhiag operates through 252 distribution centers and 10 warehouses and serve more than 100,000 professional clients in 10 European countries. And on April 21, 2016, the company closed on its previously announced acquisition of PGW, a leading global distributor and manufacturer of automotive glass products. With the acquisition of PGW and our entrance into the sizable $3.5 billion automotive glass market, we continue to grow our industry leading position and product offerings to further serve the needs of our professional repair customers. PGW's offerings are complementary to LKQ's existing business and product offerings. And together, our respective teams now have the technology, products and expertise to introduce automotive glass to LKQ's global growth strategy. I am also pleased to announce that PGW has secured two new material OE contracts since we announced the acquisition in late February. I am excited to welcome the folks at both Rhiag and PGW to the LKQ team. In addition to the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions, during the first quarter of 2016, the company acquired an additional wholesale salvage business based in Sweden. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on our financial results and our updated 2016 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everyone on the call. I am delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter. And over the next few minutes, I will address the consolidated results for our company and review the performance of each of our three segments, before touching on the balance sheet and addressing our revised guidance for 2016, now that the Rhiag and PGW transactions have closed. The short version of our financial performance in the first quarter of 2016 is that we had a very good quarter and taken as a whole was right in line with our expectations. We experienced solid revenue and earnings growth. And the headwinds from lower scrap prices and the strong dollar have started to abate. To be clear, Rhiag closed in late March and was included in our first quarter for only a few days. PGW just closed last week and had no impact on our Q1 results. As Rob mentioned, consolidated revenue for the first quarter of 2016 was $1.9 billion representing an 8.3% increase over last year. That reflects a 10.5% increase in revenue from parts and services, partially offset by a 20% decrease in other revenue, primarily related to the decline in prices for scrap steel and other metals on a year-over-year basis. The components of the parts and services revenue growth include approximately 6.3% from organic, plus 6% from acquisitions, for constant currency growth of 12.3%, before backing out the translation impact of FX, which was a 1.8% decline. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each of the businesses as I walk through the segment results. As noted on slide 10 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins improved 20 basis points to 39.6% during the quarter. The uptick reflected approximately a 40-basis point improvement from operations, largely in Europe offset by a 20-basis point decline due to revenue mix, as the revenue growth in our Specialty business, which has the lowest gross margin structure, continued to outpace that of our other operations. We lost about 50 basis points of efficiencies in our operating expenses, largely due to our North American operations. This was due primarily to the continued impact of lower revenue from scrap and core, which was down $39 million on a year-over-year basis, and particularly impacted our self-service operation. Outside of the impact of metal prices, our consolidated distribution cost as a percent of revenue benefited from lower fuel prices, and our SG&A expenses benefited from the acquisition integration synergies in our Specialty operation. Segment EBITDA totaled $237 million for the quarter, reflecting a 7% increase from 2015. As a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 12.3%, a 20-basis-point decrease over the 12.5% recorded last year. The increase in segment EBITDA was offset by an increase in restructuring costs. And operating income for the first quarter of 2016 was flat in dollar terms, and down a bit as a percent of revenue when compared to the same period of the prior year. The restructuring items primarily relate to expenses connected to the Rhiag acquisition. You will note a couple of relatively large non-operating items in our income statement during the first quarter of 2016, including a loss on debt extinguishment and significant other income. As you may recall, we amended our credit facility at the end of January. In addition, we repaid all of Rhiag's debt shortly after closing. Collectively, that accounted for approximately $26.7 million of one-time expenses related to unamortized issuance costs on the former credit agreement and the prepayment penalty associated with the high cost Rhiag debt. Going in the other direction, we hedged the anticipated payment for the Rhiag acquisition, and given the movement in the euro between when we set the hedge and the closing date, we had sizable gain, about $18 million on the hedge. On a combined basis, the net effect of these one-time items was a negative impact on pre-tax margins, which contracted by about 90 basis points to 8.6%. Our net tax rate during the first quarter was 34.75%, down from 35.5% in 2015 and even with the annual guidance we provided this past February. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.35, which was flat with last year. However, adjusted EPS before restructuring charges, a loss on debt extinguishment, the hedging gain and intangible asset amortization was $0.42 a share compared to $0.38 reflecting the 10.5% improvement. As mentioned, the impact of scrap and currency fluctuations have abated quite a bit and collectively impacted EPS by less than a penny during the first quarter. While we have included the details on scrap and currencies in the presentation material, given the minor impact, I am happy to say I won't be spending much time on those topics during this discussion. As highlighted on slide 11, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to the varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this mix shift impacts the trend in consolidated margins. This will become more accentuated now that we have closed both Rhiag and PGW and you will begin to see a shift in the second quarter results. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the first quarter of 2016 increased to $1.088 billion or a 4% increase over 2015. This is the combination of a 7.3% growth rate in parts and services, offset by a 20% decline in other revenue, the latter of which was primarily due to the lower prices received for scrap steel and other metals. The 7.3% growth in North American parts and services was a combination of 4.9% organic growth and 3.1% acquisition growth, offset by a 70 basis point FX-related decline, due to the weakness of the Canadian dollar. There is no doubt that the mild weather had an impact on our revenue, as collision claims were down in many states. But it's hard to quantify the impact, and in the end, we simply need to work through Mother Nature. All-in-all, this was a solid quarter in revenue for our North American business. Gross margins in North America during the first quarter were 42.7%, up just a few basis points. With respect to operating expenses, we lost about 80 basis points of margin, compared to the comparable quarter of last year. Our self-service unit experienced an increase in operating expenses, but meaningfully lower revenue due to the significant decline in commodity prices. And as a result, operating expenses as a percent of revenue for our self-service operation increased very significantly on a year-over-year basis. For the North American segment as a whole, the impact of the lower revenue from the sale of scrap and other commodities increased operating costs as a percent of revenue by approximately 110 basis points. On the upside, we continue to experience improvements in fuel costs, relative to last year, picking up about 20 basis points of margin, as diesel averaged $2.08 a gallon, compared to $2.92 a gallon last year, a 29% decline. Importantly, we began to experience some preliminary benefit from our productivity initiatives during Q1 with our non-inventory related purchasing activities benefiting from about $400,000 of savings. We would expect this to pick up as we move throughout the year. The inventory related savings will begin as we purchase inventories at new negotiated prices, the products are received and placed in our warehouses and we turn the inventory. In total, EBITDA for the North American business during the first quarter was $147 million, and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the segment was 13.6% in Q1 of 2016, down from 14.3% reported in the comparable period of prior year. The impact of lower revenue from commodities should dissipate in the second half assuming we get to more comparable scrap pricing. Moving on to our European segment. Total revenue in the first quarter accelerated to $547 million from $487 million, a 12.2% increase. Organic growth for parts and services in Europe during the first quarter was 6.9%, reflecting the combination of 7.4% growth at ECP and 6.2% at Sator. The impact of the acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 9.9% increase in revenues, which includes only two weeks of activity for Rhiag. So, on a constant currency basis, European parts and services revenue was up 16.8% for the quarter. These gains were offset by a 4.5% decline due to the translation impact of the strong dollar, particularly relative to the pound sterling. Gross margins in Europe increased to 38.1%, a 110 basis point improvement over the comparable period of last year. Both ECP and Sator experienced higher gross margins from operations as we continued to benefit from approved procurements in the UK in the internalization of the gross margins from the acquisitions in the Netherlands. These are the highest first quarter gross margins we have achieved in Europe in several years. As mentioned, when we announced the Rhiag acquisition back in December given the three-step distribution model in Italy and Switzerland. Rhiag has lower gross margins than either ECP or Sator, and beginning in the second quarter, you will see the impact of that on our consolidated European gross margins. With respect to operating expenses as a percent of revenue, we experienced a 10 basis points increase on a consolidated European basis. We started paying rents and related property costs on the new distribution facility in Tamworth, England, which we call T2 back in February. The incremental costs related to this project (24:48) in Q1 were about £1.2 million or about $1.8 million, which reflects a 30 basis point increase in operating expenses as a percent of revenue for Europe. Offsetting some of this increase in expense were some FX gains related to hedges utilized to manage our foreign currency exposure on inventory purchases in the UK. European EBITDA totaled $57.5 million, a 23.6% increase over last year. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA in the first quarter of 2016 was 10.5% versus 9.5% last year, a full 100 basis point improvement even after taking into account the impact of the T2 project. Relative to the first quarter of 2015, the pound had declined 6% and the euro declined 3% against the dollar. Given the significant margin improvement, constant currency EBITDA growth in Europe was 28.6%, which we believe is robust. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue for the first quarter totaled $288 million, a 19.5% increase over the comparable quarter of 2015. The organic growth rate of 10.8% was very strong, while the impact of the acquisition of Coast in August of 2015 added 9.4% to revenue growth. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the first quarter increased by about 20 basis points compared to last year, due to some favorable product mix and favorable inventory capitalization adjustments related to the acquisition integration activities. Operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down about 30 basis points. We continue to see the leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing network, as well as the benefit of lower fuel prices and lower advertising expenses. These savings were in part offset by higher cost related to the two new distribution facilities added in late 2015 and slightly higher freight expense. EBITDA for the Specialty segment was $32 million, up 25% from the first quarter of last year and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment increased 50 basis points to 11% in 2016 compared to 10.5% last year. Remember, this is a highly seasonal business and the first quarter is typically pretty strong as demonstrated by the graph in the lower right corner of slide 16. Consistent with the normal seasonal patterns, you should assume these margins will moderate as we move through the back half of the year. Let's move on to capital allocation. As presented on slide 17, you will note that our after-tax cash flow from operations during the first quarter was approximately $119 million as we experienced strong earnings and only a moderate increase in working capital. During the quarter, we deployed $625 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $50 million to fund capital expenditures and $575 million to fund the acquisitions and other investments. The latter amount includes the monies paid for Rhiag, net of the hedging gain on the purchase price and net of the proceeds from the previously announced sale of our interest in the Australian joint venture. The Rhiag acquisition was financed by drawing down on our line of credit, thus the big inflow from financing. We closed the quarter with about $229 million of cash, of which $177 million was held outside of the United States. The big increase in foreign cash relates to the amounts on Rhiag's balance sheet at the time of acquisition. At March 31, we had about $2.8 billion of total debt outstanding, which reflected the monies borrowed to complete the Rhiag acquisition in late March. That quarter-end balance does not include any borrowings related to PGW as that transaction closed in Q2. On a pro forma basis, taking into account the PGW closing, our net debt was approximately $3.3 billion or about three times pro forma EBITDA. Also, we completed a very successful €500 million issuance of senior notes in early April, and we used those proceeds to in part pay down the revolving credit facility used to finance the Rhiag transaction. The key terms of that offering were bullet maturity of eight years and a fixed interest rate of 3.875%. Today, our total availability under the new credit facility is approximately $1 billion, which we believe is more than sufficient to support the growth of our business. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have provided updated guidance on some of our key financial metrics for 2016 to include the impact from the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions. Again, Rhiag closed in late March and PGW in late April, so we effectively will record a tad more than nine months and eight months of the respective results in 2016. As relates to the organic growth rates for parts and services, we continue to be comfortable with the range of 6% to 8%, essentially consistent with our recent experience. Our range for adjusted EPS, which again now excludes the after-tax impact of intangible amortization is $1.76 at the low end to $1.86 per share at the high end with the midpoint of $1.81 a share. Again, this includes the anticipated impact from our ownership of Rhiag and PGW for nine months and eight months respectively in 2016. The EPS guidance also assumes that the pound sterling and the euro remain at budgeted levels of $1.45 and $1.10 respectively, and importantly that scrap remains at current levels as well. Based on our shares outstanding, that range implies an adjusted net income of approximately $545 million to $575 million, with a midpoint to $560 million. Our assumed tax rate for 2016 remains at 34.75%. As part of the PGW transaction under U.S. GAAP, we need to mark the closing date inventory up to market value, which means about an $8 million to $12 million increase in the inventory valuation. This amount will get amortized as a non-cash expense as we turn the inventory. It won't affect the adjusted net income or adjusted EPS, but it will be a one-time impact on diluted net income and diluted EPS in Q2 and perhaps a bit in Q3. I believe all the analysts have adapted to the new adjusted EPS format, which we greatly appreciate, and that will ensure we have consistency in the EPS estimates. The appendices to this presentation include the relevant reconciliations for prior year periods. Our guidance for cash flow from operations is approximately $575 million to $625 million, with the midpoint of $600 million, and finally, we set the adjusted guidance for capital spending at $200 million to $225 million. And at this point, I will turn the call back over to Rob to wrap things up.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, I am proud of the momentum we have created with our Q1 performance, our recently completed strategic acquisitions and our recent financings. Combined these achievements position LKQ well to deliver another year of organic and acquisition-related revenue growth in 2016 that has us now annualizing in excess of $10 billion of revenue. Obviously, we can't predict weather patterns, so we remain focused on the things we can control, which include continuing to offer an attractive value proposition to our insurance carrier partners, maintaining and increasing our industry leading fulfillment rates and providing superior and responsive customer service to the professional vehicle repair and supply businesses we serve, all supported by a highly effective and unmatched alternative parts distribution network in North America. And most importantly, I believe we have a stellar team of 35,000 plus fellow employees dedicated to carrying on our mission globally, and I want to thank each and every one of them for their collective efforts. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. On that ECP growth for stores open over 12 months of 5.8%, that's pretty strong. Is there anything going on? Is the market that strong or are you gaining market share in that region?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Bret. We're still taking market share for sure. And what I'm most excited about is we still haven't introduced our other product lines, being used, re-man to a (34:55) great extent. So, there's still opportunity there as well, but we believe we're taking market share. A little bit of a headwind there actually with the strong SAAR rate. We have to wait for those cars obviously to get into the independent aftermarket. So, we're very pleased with that number, it is very strong and we expect it to continue.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then on the PGW side, you mentioned you picked up a couple of contracts since you initially announced the deal. Can you share with us what those are? And is there a capacity constraint as far as your production capability or is it just the ability to outsource that class?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We can't share who they were, but they are locked in for future models. And as far as capacity, we do have the capacity to continue to take on new accounts. So that's not going to be a problem.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And then a housekeeping, do you have a feeling for what alternative parts were as a percentage of North American repair?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The last – we did that annually update, and it was at – at the end of 2015, Bret, it was still 36%.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. So in your self-service business, you accelerated the number of vehicles you purchased pretty materially, up 25%. Obviously, scrap still – trends have improved, but I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on that business line. Do you think we're reaching a turning point there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the downturn in scrap, Ben, allowed us to buy a better car for less money and that's what's really driving the revenue there. We're putting better cars through the system and they are plentiful. So long term, scrap has ticked up slightly finally, so it seems to have bottomed out nicely. So we plan on continuing to buy aggressively in that line of business. Business has been very good there.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then, we've heard some news recently about pretty severe hailstorms in the southern U.S., Texas primarily. Can you talk a little bit about what you think this means for your business going forward? Obviously, you've got the glass business now, it's good for your collision business as well, but just curious to hear your thoughts there.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, absolutely. When we look at Q1, it was really a tale of two countries. We meet with CCC regularly, and they gave us some stats on the Northeast and the Mid-West being down and the number of – accident frequency and that was not the case in the Southwest and the West. And we actually had a strong double digit organic growth in both of those markets. So we do expect – I did see an ad by Caliber Collision that they are booked through September for collision repair. So, we do expect some nice tailwinds coming out of that market.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then just one housekeeping...
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: (37:41) PGW will also be able to realize that benefit as well.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then, just one last housekeeping. You said your guidance reflects a continuation of current scrap steel prices. Should we think of that $93 per ton that you realized in the first quarter as the price that's embedded in your guidance?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Ben, this is Nick. Good morning. The $93 was the average for the quarter. Actually, as we came to the end of the quarter, was up a little bit, so we're kind of sitting right at around triple digits, which is great to be out of double digits, if you will. And so, that's really what's embedded in the guidance. Again, it's up a little bit which is good, but it's not up meaningful enough to really drive any sort of EPS accretion or...
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Got it. So, it's end of the quarter price?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Best of luck.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Nate, good mooning.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: And so, if we kind of – and I know, Nick, you pointed this out in terms of you can't really tease it out in terms of the weather impact in the first quarter. But if we exclude that and kind of come in April a little bit in terms of more mile patterns year-over-year, can you talk about – like I mean, I would assume that the tailwinds are still existing in terms of increased miles driven, more parts per repair, and you talked about the more certified parts. I mean I would assume that, kind of moving out of that first quarter on the weather comp issue that you're still feeling good about the trends in the business and the tailwinds there.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Absolutely, no change in the longer term tailwinds, Nate. We feel very good about what's happening to the car park. The age of the car park. The number of miles driven. The distractions on the road. I mean, all that is absolutely no change from our perspective. As Rob noted, there are parts of the countries that had a soft winter, particularly the Northeast, Mid-West and importantly Canada, which Rob didn't mention. The shops did not have a big backlog in April. But by the time you hit May and June, all that's flushed through the system and it shouldn't be an issue.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then...
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just to add one more thing to that – what Nick said. The auctions and I think as a result of some of the flooding that's happened on the Houston and the hailstorm, we expect the auctions to be very healthy here for a while.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then kind of on the facility expense line, as we've talked about, you have the new distribution facilities with Specialty, you have the UK one that's starting to come into costs. Should we anticipate that that line item continues to go up a little bit particularly as we move through the UK? And if so, is the UK still on track to kind of take out what was originally thought to be $0.02 to $0.03 this year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Nate, this is Nick. Yes, actually $0.03 is our estimate. We've quantified that I think in past calls of about $13 million of total expense. As noted in my comments a bit earlier, it was about $1.8 million for the first quarter. So we still have the better part of $11 million of costs related to the T2 facility to absorb in the back three quarters of the year. And so that will be a slightly larger kind of weight that we need to bear as relates to facility cost. Again the two new facilities from the Specialty segment that we introduced in Q4 of last year, those are, as Rob indicated, fully up and running. The impact of that expense should begin to moderate a little bit. And we have kind of rearranged some of our people as to where they are hitting on the P&L. Rob talked about the change in the sales structure. That meant there was also a change in our operating structure as well. And so, there's a little bit of cost that was moving out of actually selling expense and up into facilities and warehousing expense.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: A little bit northward movement.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: And as Rhiag and PGW come on, would we expect that line item to again take a little bit of a relative jump before kind of paring down as you kind of consolidate facilities and routes and et cetera.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, again, there will be no kind of distribution synergies coming out of Rhiag, because they operate in geographies where we don't operate today. So we're not going to be consolidating warehouses or distribution routes and the like. They're going to operate as they have operated. It's going to take us a little bit of time on PGW. The only natural synergies will be in their aftermarket business where they have 120 locations around the country, we have 300 locations. We do believe that over time, there will be the ability to combine some of those operations and the like but you shouldn't see anything on that front near-term.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just one last housekeeping, Nick. Do you have, now that the deals have closed, a rough amortization number for us to think about in terms of – if you went back to a non-adjusted amortization earnings?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The best that we have right now, Nate, is what we provided back when we announced the transactions in December and in late February. Again, we're just working through the opening balance sheet on Rhiag, that will probably. We still have some valuation work that we have outside experts helping us with as to how much the excess purchase price over book value is going to go to goodwill versus amortized assets, and that relates to both transactions. So, we'll come back and provide a better estimate, once we have some of that work done.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for the time, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Wanted to ask on the cost of goods sold side in North America with Manheim coming down here quite precipitously last few months, it would seem to be a benefit to your margins. But at the same time, you noted you're buying a higher quality and fewer higher quality vehicles. So, just wanted to get a better understanding of how we should think about modeling gross margin, imagining it's a benefit for 2Q and the balance of the year, but if you could help us sort of understand the magnitude there.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Jamie. This is Nick. We're not anticipating a major pickup in – or a benefit on the cost of goods sold line. Again, the Manheim index is down a little bit, which ultimately helped us at the auctions a little bit. That said we are buying a newer car. You would have noticed that the average cost of the vehicle that we're buying was actually up, I think was about 9% in Q1 relative to last year. Now, our goal is to get more parts dollars off the car. And actually what we've been very consistent over the last several years in mentioning, as we've started to move towards buying a newer vehicle, while the gross margin dollars that we can get off that car go up, actually the gross margin percentage actually comes down a little bit. So there's probably going to be a little bit of a yin and a yang. We're not anticipating a major movement either way as it relates to our salvage cost of goods sold.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So if I'm hearing you correctly and if I can just paraphrase, it sounds like you're assuming X for your cost of purchase of a vehicle and that's roughly flattish if you will year-over-year, but the amount you can get in terms of per parts – and Rob, you used the example of the F150 tail light, I believe, and with a blind spot detection, is about 10x with the predecessor tail light cost. So it sounds like COGS is flattish but you're going to be making more per vehicle. Do I hear that correctly?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just a quick question and apologies if you've gone through this on the CGW call or any detail in the slide that we missed it. But to our understanding, it's a little different to take the glass and put it into trucks and some trucks need to be specialized to handle different types of glass. And I'm thinking more on the sort of distribution synergies over the longer term side here. So is there any incremental investments you need to make into either trucks or whether its existing trucks or new trucks? Or just how should we think about that, or conversely, is there really not much to worry about as it relates to the handling of the glass?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, as far as the warehousing goes, Jamie, no changes there whatsoever, the racking is identical. But you are correct. The trucks are different. They have a different handling capability. What our plan would be to do is, we start integrating those businesses, and as trucks retire, we're retiring almost 600 trucks a year, we're replacing because of our large fleet. Those will be retrofitted appropriately to carry both glass and salvage. So, we don't see it being a major hindrance given the timeframe we have to integrate the businesses first.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And at this point, it's maybe too early to start thinking about sort of balance sheet and P&L impacts and sort of percentage that we should attribute to that, is that fair?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. That's fair.
James J. Albertine, Jr. - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Awesome, thanks guys, and best of luck in the second quarter.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jamie.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, following upon on Bret's earlier question, have you run any scenarios at ECP, to evaluate the impact of T2 on your fulfillment rates or ultimately your growth rate there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do know Craig that, we're going to have a lot more capacity of the store products. We run at about a 98% fill rate today. What we think we'll be able to do though is rather than having, in some cases, where we have limited, much limited supply in the field, will be able to put more in the field because of these regional hubs we're developing as well. So, we will have a lot better ability to backfill quickly. So, we do think our speed to market will be quicker, as a result. And of course, just with the automation, we do expect a lot more efficiencies as well, both in terms of pulling quicker and getting to our customers even quicker as well.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Do you see any impact on inventory turns as a result of T2?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The near term, the inventory will go up a bit, Craig, only because we're going to be filling that warehouse while we will still have inventory in the two warehouses that we'll ultimately shut down. That's more of a timing issue. Ultimately it'll work through the system. The inventory may go up a bit but it's not going to be a wholesale change. The key of what the large national distribution facilities allow us to do is that's where some of the longer dated inventory is held, and being able to have that and get it to our branches when needed quickly and through some of the automated picking processes and alike, that's the real benefit of that. So near-term inventory will go up a little bit as we're working through the transition going from four facilities down to two facilities because you need to have inventory ready for the customer but longer term, there shouldn't be a major impact.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And then finally on your projects with Accel Partners on efficiency, are you in a position at all to quantify or at least help us frame, what you think the financial implications could be once you're up and running on these major projects?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Again, we'll report that really as we go. When we were in New York last month for the Investor Day, Justin Jude had mentioned tens of millions of dollars. Ultimately on a run rate basis, we're not going to get there, Craig, here in 2016. Again on the non-inventory related purchasing, again, we were at $400,000 in the first quarter, that will probably double in the coming quarters. So there will be, I don't know, $2.5 million to $3 million potential savings rolling through in 2016 related to things like logistics and our telecom and our corrugate and supplies buying and office supplies and all that kind of activity. The real key will come in from actually the aftermarket product that we procure from Taiwan. Again, we're just beginning to buy some of that at new pricing. Some of it's going to be based on demand that we have for those parts, as to how much we need to buy and the ability to make sure we retain the savings in-house, as opposed to passing any of that along to our customers. So, we'll be able to document that on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just one follow-up to what Nick said, Craig. Even though we've only been with PGW a week, we've already put their transportation guys with our transportation guys and we're working on ocean freight to leverage that. So, We're quickly already addressing that with the new acquisitions.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Tony.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: First question I had with respect to some of these initiatives on Roadnet and as well as on the sales force. I wonder if you could add a little bit more color in terms of which one do you think over the long term will give you a bit more of a benefit or greater efficiencies. And with respect to particularly the sales force initiative, some of the KPIs that are being implemented, are they going to drive overall higher fill rates or traction or customer service scores, or what should we think about in terms of the near-term benefit?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. If I rank them both, I would say, Roadnet's got the bigger impact for a couple of reasons. One, we can just be so much more confident with our customers as to when their products are going to be there. The route optimization is just incredible and how they route the drivers. For example, one thing it tries to do is take more right turns than left turns. So you can turn right on red as oppose to crossing traffic when you have to turn left. Those little efficiencies add up dramatically and the effect of ultimately probably putting fewer trucks on the road with better service is really going to have an impact on our customer base. As far as the sales KPIs, Tony, we're looking at total clock time, sitting with our reps, I think – and coaching, just pure coaching that we're doing and monitoring the outbound calls more effectively. I think the net effect of that is better customer service, you're absolutely right. We'll have better contact with our customers, more time on the phone with our customers and really become that vendor of choice as a result because we'll be so much more responsive to their requests and needs. So, that's moving full steam ahead. Back to the route optimization I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with 65% rolled out. We expect to have that 100% rolled out by the end of this year. So, I think the combination of the two, where we'll provide better customer service on the phone and then better customer service on the delivery end, really will raise the bar significantly on our customer service levels, so both are equally important.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And does return rate – is that ever influenced by either one of these, meaning either the – it was miscommunicated in terms of which part was actually needed and/or the part didn't get there in the right amount of time and thus was a return because it ended up coming from somewhere else? Does this – I don't know if that's a big number or not, but is there an influence there as well?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think the biggest factor on return rate is cars totaling after the estimate's repaired – an estimate's written and the parts are ordered, or the customer never shows up. They say they're coming in on Tuesday, and they don't bring the car in. I think that's a bigger factor. However, obviously getting the part – making sure the customer is ordering the right part and our rep is making sure they are writing up the right part is critical. We do expect some improvement in return rates, in terms of getting the right part on the truck. But again, there's so many other factors that affect return rates that I don't think it's going to be a huge diminishment in the return rates.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And if you look at your other businesses, the newer ones with the glass and with Rhiag. Are there any other seasonality effects that we should consider as we go through the balance of this year and into next year or do they pretty much mirror sort of the normal seasonality you have in your existing business?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The Rhiag business is pretty consistent with our other European businesses. It tends to slow down a little bit around the holidays if you will. The glass business, the fourth quarter tends to turn down a little bit as well. Some of the OE is going to shut down around the holidays and the like. And so it's not a perfect spread of 25% a quarter across the year, if you will. So there are some gives and takes.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. On the aftermarket side of the glass, Tony, obviously winter weather is good for them, with salts, and – causing stone chips and rock chips. So a little bit of seasonality in the winter as well.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. Thank you for your time.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Most of mine have been answered. But on the Rhiag and PGW acquisitions, you've indicated what you thought the accretion might be in 2017 for a full annualized run rate. Any change to your – what are you seeing there?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. Nothing, Bill. I mean the increase in our guidance is basically $0.17 a share. That's the exact same $0.17 that collectively we announced when we chatted about those transactions in December and February respectively, again picking up $0.11 from the Rhiag acquisition and $0.06 from the PGW transaction. When you think about how that gets spread for the quarters, obviously, the second quarter is going to have the smallest impact because while we have three months of Rhiag, we only have two months of PGW. So you probably want to think about that as maybe being a nickel of the $0.17. Then Q3 and Q4 would suggest about $0.06 a piece against – it may be $0.065 in Q3 and $0.055 in Q4 just because of the seasonality, some of the seasonality that we just talked about. But again, the $0.17 increase in our guidance is exactly consistent with what we've previously announced for the two transactions. And on – what we saw in Q1 even though they weren't on our ledger, if you will, they're tracking the plan which is good.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that color.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bill. Devon, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: Okay. Our next and final question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thanks for squeezing me in.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Jason.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: My questions are answered. Did want to ask though, if you could provide an estimate for interest expense for the year? Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't have that at my fingertips. For the first quarter, our interest cost was running at about 3.8% on a total blended basis with all the fees and everything else. And we've got about $3.4 billion of debt, roughly probably $100 million, when you do that math.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you very much.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No problem.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, everyone, for your time today. And we look forward to speaking with you in July, when we report our 2016 Q2 results. Have a great day.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release and slide presentation. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are again delighted with our quarterly and full year results, and before I provide an update on our operations, let me briefly highlight a few key financial metrics from the fourth quarter and for the full year 2015. Turning to slide three, Q4 revenue reached $1.75 billion, an increase of 3.8% as compared to $1.68 billion in the fourth quarter of 2014. Excluding the impact to our Other Revenue category, revenue grew 8% for the quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2015 was $95.1 million, an increase of 18.1% as compared to $80.5 million for the same period of 2014. Diluted earnings per share of $0.31 for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015, increased 19.2% from $0.26 for the fourth quarter of 2014, while adjusted EPS increased from $0.27 to $0.32. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 6.2% for the quarter, and on a constant currency basis, total growth for parts and services was 10.9%. I am particularly pleased with our EPS performance, given that the effect from FX and weakness in commodity prices, which combined negatively impacted the year-over-year change in EPS by $0.03. For full-year 2015, revenue reached $7.19 billion, an increase of 6.7% as compared to 2014. For the first time ever, revenue surpassed $7 billion, a major milestone for the company. Net income for the full year was $423.2 million, compared with $381.5 million for the prior, an increase of 10.9%. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for 2015 was 7%, a solid performance given the tough comp of 9% in 2014. On a constant currency basis, total revenue growth for 2015 was 10.1%, while total revenue growth for parts and services was 14.1%. Our adjusted EPS for all of 2015 was $1.42, representing an increase of 11.8% from the $1.27 reported in 2014, again, net of the adverse impact of FX and commodity pricing. Now a brief update on our operations, which are highlighted on slides six and seven. During the quarter, our North American operations continued to benefit from various macro trends. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven was up 3.5% in 2015 as compared to 2014. Miles driven in 2015 was the highest number reported since 1990. With low prices and ongoing improvements in the unemployment rate, we do expect a continuation of this trend. Though initially a headwind, as newer vehicles requiring repair tend to receive new OE parts, the increase in the SAAR rate presents attractive growth prospects for our alternative products as these vehicles age. The SAAR rate for 2015 was 17.4 million units, compared to 16.4 million units for 2014, a 6.1% increase year-over-year. Auto industry analysts expect this trend to continue in 2016, which again should be good for our North American collision businesses as well as our specialty segment. These trends helped drive North American organic growth for parts and services of 5.6% in Q4, despite the mild weather patterns we faced throughout December. During Q4 and for full-year 2015, we purchased over 73,000 and 288,000 vehicles, respectively, for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is essentially flat year-over-year for both periods. During Q4, our pricing at auction was flat compared to Q4 2014, but we were also buying a younger vehicle by over one year. This younger vehicle procurement strategy continues to perform well and played a role in the improvements we witnessed in Q4 year-over-year in North American gross margins. For our North American aftermarket business, we continue to see improvements in our total collision SKU offerings, as well as the total member of certified parts available, each growing 13.2% and 32.2% respectively in 2015. In our self-service retail business, during Q4 we acquired over 112,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, which is a 4% decrease over Q4 2014. For full-year 2015, vehicle procurement was approximately 471,000, a decrease of 8.4% from 2014. As mentioned on past calls, this reduction in the self-service procurement was intentional, given the dynamics we faced with the scrap markets throughout the year. Nick will provide more detail on scrap during his comments, and in particular its impact on revenue. Turning to the 2015 results of our ongoing intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Services, the revenue and number of purchase orders processed through the CCC platform during 2015 each grew 66% respectively year-over-year. Clearly, the trend towards shops adopting this feature within the CCC platform continues to gain traction, with this initiative currently annualizing over $28 million in revenue for LKQ. And lastly on North America, I want to provide an update on our productivity initiatives to identify potential operational efficiencies. As mentioned on previous calls, we have identified several significant opportunities in four key areas, with one of them being procurement. During the quarter, AlixPartners led an internal focus group tasked with assessing our current maintenance, repair and operations, or MRO, and indirect spend categories, and the details behind what we can change or can consolidate. Following this extensive analysis, we modified and redefined several positions within our procurement team in attempt to optimize our ability to capture the potential savings uncovered. Though early in the process, we are extremely encouraged by the savings we could achieve in areas of both direct spend on after-market parts and the MRO, and the indirect spend categories such as logistics, corrugated boxes and shipping supplies, vehicle rentals, IT hardware, and various services. While it will take a few quarters for the savings on parts purchases to be realized and rolled through our inventory turns, we anticipate we will begin to realize some of the savings on the other items in late Q1 of this year. Now moving on to our European operations. In Q4, our Europe segment had organic revenue growth of 6.3% and acquisition growth of 5%, which was offset by a decrease of 6.7% related to foreign exchange rates. During Q4, ECP drove organic revenue growth of 8.9%, and for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 6.8%, solid performance given that the UK witnessed one of the warmest and most mild winters since 1985. During the quarter, ECP opened one additional branch, bringing our UK network to 199, an increase of 110 branches since we acquired ECP. With the continued market opportunities in the UK, I am pleased to announce that we approved an additional 13 branches in 2016. During Q4, collision parts sales at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 21.2%. I am pleased with the continued double-digit performance in this line of business, especially given the mild Q4 weather in the UK and a tough 2014 comp. And lastly on ECP, I'd like to provide a brief update on our new 750,000-square-foot national distribution warehouse, currently under development in the UK. Upon completion of the building shell in early February 2016, we began our lease payments and also started absorbing duplicate expenses that will continue through 2017 as we begin to move towards finalizing the full consolidation of our existing NDCs into this state-of-the-art facility. Nick will cover the impact of those costs shortly. During Q1, we began installing interior racking in preparation for using the facility for bulk storage in Q2, with the automation and more sophisticated storage spaces scheduled to be completed in 2017. For the quarter and for full year 2015, we did not incur any material costs related to this project. And now turning to our Sator business. With the network build-up in the Netherlands largely completed via a combination of acquisitions and innovative partnering solutions, Sator has now turned its focus towards integrating the systems in place at the wholesale level. By year-end 2016, we plan to have consolidated from six systems to two, with integrated end-to-end inventory and customer visibility, a key enabler for driving logistical and working capital improvements in the business. And now to our Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year total revenue growth of 16.2% in the quarter, including the benefits of the Coast acquisition and strong organic revenue growth of 8.1%. During the quarter, all integration activities from the Coast acquisition continued as planned. In total, our Specialty team integrated 5 of the 17 Coast warehouses into our existing KAO distribution centers, with two additional warehouses integrated in January. In addition, during Q4, our Specialty team stocked the 360,000-square-foot warehouse in Michigan, mentioned on the previous call, and in January we officially began shipping product from this facility. I am also pleased to announce that in 2015, the Specialty team achieved two significant milestones. For the first time, Specialty eclipsed $1 billion in annual revenue and made over 1 million delivery stops. Congratulations to our Specialty team for reaching such an impressive milestone. Now on to corporate development. In December 2015, the company announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Rhiag-Inter Auto Parts, a leading pan-European business-to-business distributor of aftermarket spare parts for passenger cars and commercial vehicles, for an enterprise value of €1.04 billion. This acquisition gives us access to the rapidly growing Eastern European market, and of course Italy, where Rhiag's base business is well positioned for continued growth beyond their current 15% market share. The targeted closing for Rhiag is progressing as expected, with all the filings required by the EU and Ukraine regulatory authorities submitted, accepted and deemed complete. Those regulatory agencies are now in the final review process, and we anticipate this deal to close in the first half of 2016. In addition to the Rhiag announcement, during the fourth quarter of 2015 we acquired a wholesale salvage business in Sweden and an interest in a pan-European distributor and remanufacturer of engines and powertrain products. Lastly, earlier this month the company sold its interest in ACM Parts, our JV in Australia, to our JV partner Suncorp. LKQ played a pivotal role in the creation of ACM Parts, and we will continue to have a strong working relationship with the business. Key formal strategic alliances between ACM Parts and LKQ, particularly those related to aftermarket parts sourcing and technology, will remain in place. This transaction allows us to maintain a presence in Australia while redeploying our capital, both human and financial, towards the multiple opportunities we have in Europe. Clearly, 2015 was another very active year, with our development efforts resulting in the completion of 18 acquisitions, which combined, expanded our geographic footprint and extended our leadership position in each of our operating segments. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on our financial results and our 2016 guidance.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'm delighted to run you through the financial summary for the quarter, and over the next few minutes I will address the consolidated results of our company and review the performance of each of the three segments, before touching on the balance sheet and addressing our guidance for 2016. For those of you who accessed our earnings presentation on the website, you will notice that we have included detail on both the fourth quarter ended December 31 as well as the full year of 2015. My comments will generally follow the flow of the presentation, but as usual, I will primarily focus on the quarterly results. The short version of our financial performance in the fourth quarter of 2015 would be a repeat of the third quarter. Save for our self-service operation, we had a great quarter in which we experienced solid revenue and earnings growth despite the continued headwinds from lower scrap prices and the strong dollar. As Rob mentioned, consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.75 billion, representing a 3.8% increase over last year. That reflects an 8% increase in revenue from parts and services, offset in part by a 38% decline in other revenue, primarily related to the continued decline in prices for scrap steel and other metals, which I will address in a few minutes. The components of the parts and services revenue growth include approximately 6.2% growth from organic activities, plus 4.7% from acquisitions, equated to constant-currency growth of 10.9%, before backing out the translation impact of FX, which was a 2.9% decline. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each business as I walk through the segment results. As noted on slide 11 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins improved 40 basis points to 39.9% during the quarter. The uptick reflected approximately a 50-basis-point improvement from operations, offset by a 10-basis-point decline due to revenue mix, as the revenue growth in our Specialty business, which has the lowest gross margin structure, outpaced that of our other operations. We lost about 20 basis points of efficiencies in our operating expenses, again largely due to our self-service operations. Those operations continued to experience a meaningful decline in revenue related to the lower scrap steel prices and an uptick in expenses, the combination of which resulted in materially higher cost as a percent of revenue in each expense category. Outside of the impact of metal prices, our consolidated distribution cost as a percent of revenue benefited from lower fuel prices, and our SG&A expense benefited from the acquisition integration synergies in our Specialty operation. Segment EBITDA totaled $193 million for the quarter, reflecting a 5.7% increase from 2014. As a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 11.0%, a 20-basis-point improvement over the 10.8% recorded last year. The increase in EBITDA, when combined with lower relative levels of depreciation and amortization and interest expense, allowed pre-tax income to increase by 7.5% during the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to the same period last year, and pre-tax margins expanded by 30 basis points to 8.0% from 7.7%. Our net tax rate during the fourth quarter was 30.4%, down from 37.3% in 2014. The tax rate reflects an effective rate of 34.55% for the quarter, as well as a favorable adjustment to get us to that level on a year-to-date basis, as we have been accruing at an effective rate of 34.75% through the first three quarters. The 2015 annual rate reflects a favorable shift due to a relative increase in earnings sourced from the UK, which has a low tax rate. We also benefited from a few discrete items during the quarter, including a couple of deferred tax adjustments due to favorable state or foreign tax rate changes, a couple of refunds, and some FIN 48 reserve releases due to settlements or statute expirations. As Rob mentioned, fully diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.31 compared to $0.26 last year, a 19% increase, and adjusted earnings per share before restructuring charges was $0.32 a share versus $0.27, again reflecting a 19% improvement. A solid fourth quarter brought our adjusted EPS for the year to $1.42 which is exactly the midpoint of our guidance provided in February of 2015, notwithstanding the fact that the plunge in scrap prices had a $0.07 negative impact and the strong dollar had a $0.04 negative impact on our year-over-year EPS growth during 2015. As mentioned in December, starting in 2016 we are changing the definition of adjusted EPS to exclude the after-tax impact of intangible amortization. As highlighted in Appendix 4 on page 32 of the slide deck, 2015 adjusted EPS under the new definition is $1.49 a share. As highlighted on slide 13, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to the varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this mix shift impacts the trend in consolidated margins, and that will become more accentuated once we close the pending Rhiag acquisition and we begin to consolidate the Rhiag results. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the fourth quarter in 2015 increased to $1.018 billion, or almost 1% over 2014. This is the combination of a 7.9% growth rate in parts and services, offset by a 39% decline in other revenue, again the latter which was due to the lower prices received for scrap steel and other metals. Importantly, organic growth in North American parts and services was 5.6%. All in all, this was a very solid quarter. Margins in North America during the fourth quarter increased 90 basis points relative to the comparable period of the prior year, to 43.2% from 42.3%. This increase was primarily due to our improved pricing to customers in our aftermarket operations, improved procurement in our salvage operations, and a mix shift away from self-service, which has lower gross margins than our wholesale operations. With respect to operating expenses in our North American segment, we lost approximately 90 basis points of margin compared to the comparable quarter of 2014. On the upside, we continued to experience improvements in fuel costs relative to last year, as diesel fuel averaged $2.43 a gallon compared to $3.58 a gallon. As a percent of revenue, fuel costs declined by 40 basis points, while we experienced some modest increases in facility and SG expenses in our wholesale business. Unfortunately, our self-serve unit experienced an increase in operating expenses, but meaningfully lower revenue due both to the significant decline in scrap prices and a modest reduction in the number of cars processed. As a result, operating expenses as a percent of revenue for our self-service operation increased very significantly on a year-over-year basis. Slide 16 takes a closer look at scrap steel prices over the past 24 months. You will note that the average price we realized in Q4 of 2015 was approximately $82 a ton, down 56% compared to the average of $187 a ton realized in Q4 of last year. In total, the lower pricing for scrap steel reduced our revenue for the quarter by approximately $26 million on a year-over-year basis. The decline in scrap steel prices had approximately a $0.03 negative impact on our EPS during the quarter. Scrap steel prices have leveled out the last few months, and hopefully we will not see continued deterioration. While we have been dealing with falling scrap prices for a while, during Q4 we also experienced a continued material decline in the prices received for other metals that are a residual of our recycling activities, including aluminum, copper, platinum, palladium and rhodium, which were down between 20% and 45% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. So while revenue from scrap steel was down $30 million during the quarter, revenue derived from selling these other precious metals and catalytic converters, excuse me, was down an incremental $16 million compared to Q4 of last year. So in total, the falling metals prices depressed our North American business by approximately 160 basis points during Q4 of 2015 relative to the margins in the prior year. In total, for the North American business during the fourth quarter of 2015, the total EBITDA was $131 million, reflecting a 1.3% increase compared to last year. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for North America was 12.8%, flat with the comparable period of the prior year. In both dollar and percentage terms, the wholesale operations improved relative to the comparable period, with EBITDA margins being up 70 basis points, but the overall segment results were flat as a result of the decline at our self-service operations. Moving onto our European segment. Total revenue in the fourth quarter accelerated to $487 million from $465 million. Organic growth in Europe during the quarter was 6.3%, reflecting the combination of 8.9% growth at ECP and just under 1% at Sator. The impact of acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 5% increase in revenue, so on a constant currency basis, European revenue was up 11.3%. These gains were offset by a 6.7% decline due to the translation impact with the strong dollar, creating a negative impact on revenue and resulting in total growth for Europe of 4.6%. Gross margins in Europe increased to 38.9%, which was a 160-basis-point improvement over the comparable period of 2014. Both ECP and Sator experienced higher gross margins from operations, as we continued to benefit from improved procurement in the UK and the internalization of the gross margins from acquisitions in the Netherlands. These are the highest quarterly gross margins we have achieved in Europe since early 2012. With respect to operating expenses in Europe, we loss about 40 basis points, due largely to higher SG&A expense at our UK operation, reflecting higher personnel cost to support the growth of the business, including our e-commerce development. European EBITDA totaled $47.4 million, which was a 23.6% increase, even after taking into account the impact of the strong dollar, which had a negative effect of about $3 million. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA in the fourth quarter of 2015 was 9.7% versus 8.2% last year, reflecting a 150-basis-point improvement. As noted on slide 19, relative to the fourth quarter of 2014, the pound declined 4% and the euro declined 13% against the dollar. We estimate that for the fourth quarter, the strong dollar reduced European revenue by approximately $31 million compared to Q4 of last year, and removing the impact of the currency swings would have resulted in Q4 revenue growth of 11.3%. Given the significant margin improvement, constant currency EBITDA growth was 32%, which we believe is quite strong. When taking all currencies into account, the strong dollar reduced Q4 year-over-year EPS growth by a fraction of $0.01 compared to last year. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue for the fourth quarter totaled $245 million, a 16% increase over the comparable quarter of last year. Obviously the impact of the acquisition of Coast Distribution in August of 2015 accounted for the largest component of growth at 9.5%, but the organic growth rate of 8.1% was also quite strong. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the fourth quarter declined by 280 basis points compared to last year, largely due to the impact of the Coast acquisition. On the bright side, operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down by about 150 basis points as we continue to see the leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing distribution network as well as the benefit of the lower fuel prices. EBITDA for the Specialty segment was $15 million, essentially flat with 2014, and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment decreased by 120 basis points to 6.1%. This is a highly seasonal business and the fourth quarter is by far the weakest, as demonstrated by the graph in the lower right-hand corner of slide 20. As highlighted during the third quarter call, we fully anticipated the Coast acquisition with its focus on the RV marketplace would accentuate the normal drop in fourth quarter margins, and it did. Now, let's move on to capital allocation, which given working capital swings, the lumpiness of capital spending, and the timing of acquisitions is best viewed on a full-year basis, as presented on slide 22. You will note that our after-tax cash flow from operations for 2015 was approximately $530 million as we experienced a strong increase in earnings and only a moderate increase in working capital. In 2015, we deployed $330 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $170 million to fund capital expenditures and $160 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. So for 2015, we generated $200 million of free cash flow, and we used all of that and some excess cash to repay $224 million of our debt. We closed the quarter with approximately $87 million of cash, of which about $59 million was held outside of the United States. At December 31, we had $1.6 billion of total debt outstanding, which reflected a leverage ratio of approximately 1.7 times as defined by our credit agreement. As announced earlier this month, we completed an amendment to our credit facility, increasing the total capacity by $900 million to a total of $3.2 billion, and extending the maturity to January of 2021. Today, our total availability under the new facility is approximately $2.2 billion, which is more than sufficient to fund the acquisition of Rhiag and support the continued growth of our businesses. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have provided some guidance on some of our key financial metrics for 2016. Please note that our guidance excludes any impact from the proposed Rhiag acquisition, which we hope to close in the second quarter. As it relates to the organic growth for parts and services, we ended up at 7% for 2015 and have set the full-year range for 2016 at 6% to 8%, essentially consistent with our recent experience. Our range for adjusted EPS, which now excludes the impact of intangible amortization, is $1.59 to $1.69 a share, with a midpoint of $1.64. Assumed in that estimate is approximately $19 million of after-tax amortization, or about $0.06 per share. Said another way, based on the former reporting definition, the midpoint of adjusted EPS would be $1.58, which is consistent with the current analyst estimates for 2016. Going forward, I would ask that all the analysts adapt to the new adjusted EPS format so we have consistency in the EPS estimates. To assist with some of the year-over-year comparisons, appendices four and five of the callback include a reconciliation to the new adjusted format on an annual basis from 2015 to – from 2011 to 2015, and on a quarterly basis for the four quarters of 2015. The EPS guidance all assumes that the pound sterling, euro and Canadian dollar remain at budgeted levels of $1.45, $1.10 and $0.70, respectively, and importantly that scrap remains at current levels as well. On a year-over-year basis, I would note that the lower exchange rates have a $0.03 per share negative impact on earnings, and consistent with what we presented in the second quarter callback in July, the new Tamworth distribution facility will have another $0.03 negative impact during 2016. So that's a combined headwind of $0.06 a share compared to 2015, and at the midpoint of the guidance we are still expecting a 10% year-over-year improvement. The corresponding adjusted net income guidance is from $490 million to $520 million. Our assumed tax rate for 2016 is 34.7%, reflecting the slightly lower relative earnings contribution coming from the low-tax-rate United Kingdom, and the impact of the new distribution facility in Tamworth will slow the earnings growth from that country. Our guidance from cash flow from operations is approximately $520 million to $550 million with a midpoint of $535 million, a small increase over 2015 reflecting continued growth in cash earnings, offset by a more meaningful investment in working capital during 2016 compared to 2015. And finally, we set the guidance for capital spending at $170 million to $180 million, up just a bit over 2015. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Rob to wrap up.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we faced some challenging headwinds this year with scrap and currency, two dynamics that are outside of our control, yet despite these challenges we delivered solid results for 2015. Now looking ahead. Since the 2008 recession in North America, we have witnessed an increased level of road congestion, which undoubtedly has played a role in the number of the paid claims increasing every year since 2009. Also, the number of vehicles in the U.S. continues to rise, with 264 million registered vehicles on the road at the end of 2015, a year when we witnessed the highest growth rate since 1999. These trends, coupled with the recent upswing in miles driven and lower gas prices, should continue to provide a nice tailwind to our collision business. In the UK, the miles traveled on all roads and classes and the number of vehicles licensed reached their highest levels on record in 2015, trends that should continue to benefit our branch network across the UK. At Sator, we have largely completed our three-step-to-two-step transformation and are now prepared to move the business forward as a single business operating unit. In addition, with the pending acquisition of Rhiag, our European strategy continues to evolve, and once closed, Rhiag will solidify our market-leading position across all of Europe. Yet, we have more runway to grow this fragmented market. Also, we continue to be pleased with the performance of our Specialty segment and the timing of our entry into this large and highly fragmented market. The project – the projected trend – upward trend in the SAAR rate should continue to benefit this segment. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication that our 31,000-plus employees delivered for the company, our stockholders, and most importantly our customers in 2015. I am equally proud of our team's commitment on delivering continued and consistent performance, as reflected in our 2016 guidance. To further that point, over the last 16 years the LKQ team has delivered, on average, 7.5% organic growth, an accomplishment that few can claim, yet one that we have delivered predictably and consistently each and every year. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, thank you, good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Tony.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: The first question I had stems from the EBITDA and the margin. In the U.S. it's holding steady, some of the margins that you talked about today were actually better than would have expected. And I'm just wondering how that margin improvement will translate in Europe, and is this a situation where you will be able to close the gap, knowing that they're two totally different businesses? But yet there are some efficiencies that have yet to been extracted?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Tony, this is Nick. Good morning.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Obviously, the North American margins are a little bit of a tale of two cities, right? With the increase in EBITDA margins and the wholesale business I mentioned on the call, about 70 basis points, against a drop in the self-service margins. The margins in Europe hit double digits for the year. There are a lot of folks who 12 months ago were wondering how many years it was going to take us to get to double-digit margins in Europe, and we're at 10.1% for the year, so we are very proud of that. You know, we do think that ultimately the margins in Europe will have the ability to trend north, though I would caution folks that actually in 2016, because of the Tamworth facility, I quantify that as $0.03 a share. The reality from a margin perspective, if you take the – the roughly $13 million of P&L hit due to Tamworth, and you lay that against our 2015 results coming out of Europe, we would lose about 65 basis points to 70 basis points of margin just because of that facility. So, taking that aside, we think we can get some improvement in margins in Europe in the coming years, as we continue to rationalize. We think that once the Rhiag transaction is rolled in, that will give us incremental opportunities to get some savings on procurement, some savings on cataloging, some savings on the e-commerce platform, private labeling, all the things that John is hard at work on over in Europe.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: That's helpful. And then, I wanted to talk a little bit about the strategy to continue to get, I guess, later model buying at the auctions. Bigger picture, and if you look at the touch points for repair on today's vehicles, are there – are these later model vehicles actually providing you with more opportunities to sell an LKQ part?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely, Tony. And the other important part to note is, these are higher-priced parts. We like to give an example of the F150, the 2015, the taillight has blind spot detection, it's an $800 taillight, and the 2014 taillight was $85, it was just a piece of plastic. So these later model cars will give us some upside on pricing as well as just availability as they work through the SAAR rate. We think that with a strong SAAR rate for the last couple of the years, once they start hitting that sweet spot, that's going to provide a nice tailwind, and we're about six months to a year away from those really starting to hit in mass.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then just my last question with Rhiag. You talked about, I guess the second quarter, is there any thought on terms of the accretion that it may have now, based on the timeline of the close? I think originally you had said somewhere in the neighborhood of a $0.11, if I am not mistaken?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. That's still our best thinking Tony, $0.11 a share on our new adjusted EPS basis, so you would layer that on top of the midpoint of the $1.64 that we just referenced.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Tony, we are absolutely on pace to close at when we thought we would, early Q2. So we're very well along that way, the path, with the authorities over Europe.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks for your time.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. Just to follow up on what Tony had to say there, is the $0.11 the, excuse me, the annual impact, or would that be the impact as if you owned it for six months?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That is a partial year, Craig, it's not the annual impact. You notice that in 2017, the EPS accretion that we gave folks back in December is $0.21 a share.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. That's – that is helpful to clarify that. And then, with respect to your European operational priorities, I think you addressed it a little bit, Nick, in your prior response, but could you add a little more color as far as how we should evaluate your progress in Europe in terms of the goals you've set operationally?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Craig, this is Rob. As Nick mentioned, John is hard at work and obviously we're very pleased with the double-digit EBITDA that we put up this year. The priorities would be – with Rhiag coming on board is to get that integrated into the system, and on purchasing, the e-commerce as Nick mentioned. So we've got some work to do there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Sator is basically done from the three-step-to-two-step conversion. So we are anticipating getting back to normal there, and I also mentioned we're going from six systems to two systems. So the work at Sator is to finish that, get the systems on one play, get the Rhiag integrated, and of course the UK still opening branches, et cetera, and we're working that game plan. The other thing I'd like to add, as I mentioned in my notes, we did take a JV interest in a remanufacturer in Europe. We're going to end – start bringing those products into our different operations. So that's another opportunity as well. So those are the major priorities over in Europe this year.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, Rob. And then finally, you have this Tamworth distribution center, which is exciting as it rolls out. Should this be considered a model for what you plan to do in Europe once you've got most of your footprint laid out?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I think it's fair to say we will combine major warehouses where we can. The Tamworth 2 facility is 750,000 square feet and semi-automated, that would be the plan going forward as we build out the network in Europe, is to put a massive DC with semi-automation as well. So assuming this one goes well, and right so far, it's on plan to budget and to the timeliness. We are very excited about getting that online because I think it's going to make us much more efficient.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): So, that's dilutive early in the process, but obviously accretive down the road. But when we think about that accretion down the road, should we also have in the back of our mind that you may add additional DCs that could be, again short term dilutive, long term very accretive?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's fair. As we continue to work on Europe and the opportunity presents itself, we would likely put another DC into somewhere in Europe.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Thank you so much.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Good morning, everyone.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Nate.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: So, Rob, thanks for some additional color on the AlixPartners kind of consulting project, in terms of where you're going with that. I was kind of curious a little bit in terms of just, if you look back a year ago when you started with that, in terms of like the progression and uncovering additional opportunities, relative to your additional – or your original expectations? And then, the second part of that is, how much of that improvement are you guys kind of including in your guidance, and whether there could be more upside as you uncover more opportunities?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I'll let Nick answer the guidance, but let me talk first about the – what we've found so far. We're very pleased with the work completed. I mentioned on the call – on my prepared remarks about the purchasing, but we're also seeing equal progress in our sales initiative, as well as our routing software. So the fourth leg of that, of course, was the efficiencies at our dismantling. Just to give an update on that, we have hired a Six Sigma Black Belt that's working on that project as well. So, these will take time to work through the system, but we are in the process of consolidating our sales centers into call centers, regional call centers. And then on the routing software, rolling out every one of our trucks, we'll know exactly where that truck is, we'll be able to be much more customer-focused on their timeless of delivery, and then also taking out cost on that, because we'll be able to be more efficient in the routing. As far as the guidance, Nick?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And Nate, obviously the benefit that we gain from procurement pricing in the aftermarket parts marketplace, it takes time to get those POs in place. We have most of the adjusted pricing locked down with our vendors, but now we have to start placing orders, the product needs to get shipped over the ocean, delivered to our warehouses, and then we have to turn it through the inventory. So you're not going to see a whole lot of impact there in 2016. On some of the other items, we do believe we will be begin to get some flow-through late Q1, early Q2. As far as our guidance, is there a meaningful impact there? No. The biggest proportion will come from the aftermarket procurement.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: And then just bigger picture, along with that, to Rob is like philosophically, obviously, it's always been about putting the pedal down on terms of growth, and obviously that's still priority number one in a lot of potential acquisitions, particularly over in Europe and still more to go in North America. But obviously, particularly with that project, as well as the procurement initiatives in Europe, there's a little bit now of a focus in terms of getting efficiency improvements and generating the more consistent margins and hopefully more consistent cash flow. How do you philosophically think about that now, in terms of running the organization?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's making us much more efficient, Nate. We had, through the years, operated really decentralized, and I think getting consistencies on our sales process and how we measure our sales reps across the country and across the world, quite frankly, is going to make us much more efficient. And I think, though we'll get maybe some head count efficiencies, but also just being able to track our people on metrics that we think are key to driving the business. So it's an important initiative within our company. And as far as the routing software goes, that's equally important, being able to give our customers better service, and that will definitely be a result of this routing software. It's an amazing software that allows us to track the truck down to the mile and where it is and its ability to get to a customer. So we're going to be much more interactive with our customer base, which we think is a big advantage.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Okay. And then just one last quick question regarding ECP. Obviously, getting a little bit more mature over there in terms of the branch build-out and whatnot. What do you see as the biggest growth opportunity now over the next three years for ECP? Is it still blocking and tackling in terms of market share gains, or is it about the new product injections or a combination of everything?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a combination of everything. There are absolutely market share gains that we're continuing to get there, and we will to continue to get that we think. Adding the paint, adding the re-man engines now into the marketplace, and we'll have calipers and transmissions as well. We think that's really the big opportunity there. Of course, the Tamworth 2 is going to be absolutely critical to really outpacing our competitors and being able to get the product to them much more quicker. So we think we're going to get a big competitive advantage when we get T2 online. Tamworth 2.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company, L.L.C: Great. Thanks for the time.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Kelley with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. This is David in for Bret Jordan. How are you?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good, David. How are you?
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: I'm doing well, thanks. Just a couple quick ones. Could you maybe provide some color on the ongoing MSO consolidation trend in the market, and maybe the impact you're seeing on alternative parts utilization at the moment?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. The MSO consolidation is continuing, it's – there are several very active buyers of body shops. We believe that's a positive for us. These MSOs are very tied to the insurance industry in driving alternative parts, so we are very pleased with that, and that – I don't see that slowing down any time soon, David. They are very aggressive in consolidating. I did just see a recent report that there're still 40,000 body shops in the United States, so there are still a tremendous amount of independents, but the consolidation will continue. As far as AP usage goes, we haven't seen the 2015 number yet from CCC, but we expect it to be relatively flat again at 36% mainly as a result of the SAAR rate. These news cars are demanding new parts. As I said earlier, we do think that's a benefit, as these tend to be higher-priced parts. But what we have seen, interestingly enough, is the number of parts per estimate continues to grow. In 2015 it went up to 9.2 parts per estimate, which is a huge trend in our favor. Obviously as cars get in accidents, we like to see parts get replaced versus repaired so that we can sell a product. So we see that trend continuing for two reasons. One, the complexity of the cars – the aluminum car is coming; I know we see magnesium is being entered into the parts stream as well. These will get replaced more often than repaired, that's a positive. And then the complexity – the body shop industry tends to be focusing more on replacing than repairing, so all positive trends, and we think, when these SAAR rates start to get into the sweet spot, we'll see that alternative part usage go from 36% to even higher as the parts make their way into the system.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: All right. Great; very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up here. You mention your price paid at auction I believe was flat year-over-year, but the average age of the vehicle purchased was a year or so younger. Do you have maybe a comparable same-age change in price? We were just hoping to get a feeling for ASPs, given some of the recent FX and scrap movements we're seeing in the market here.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I can tell you on the self-service, the lower end car, our purchase price is down $51 sequentially, so that's where you are going to see the scrap impact. Manheim (54:07) has been stubbornly high still, at 124.7 was the last number we saw. I did listen to the Car Call and I heard them say they were expecting used car prices to soften 3% to 5% this year, so we do expect some relief there, but the new car that we are buying is critical to our strategy, because as the SAAR rate gets through, we are going to see more demand on that new car. So, the fact that the prices are flat and we are buying a newer car, we do know that's obviously a positive for us.
David L. Kelley - Jefferies LLC: All right. Perfect. I appreciate the color, and thanks for taking my question.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: So if I could just talk about weather quickly, you mentioned warmer winter weather. Obviously that was a headline in the automotive space in the fourth quarter. Presumably that potentially diminishes the demand for collision products in the period, but if I recall in 2014 – excuse me; in 2015, there was a backlog in a number of the repair shops as a result of the pretty severe winter weather outlook for the fourth quarter. Could you talk about maybe the puts and takes there, across 4Q and 1Q, and sort of how we should think about that landscape in the current environment?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me talk about how the quarter is looking thus far. January was on plan, and thus far through February, we are also on plan as well, and we're up against some really tough comps in New England. As you remember, last year they had a blizzard it seemed like every other week for January and February, so there was some backlog. Just to put some color on the winter in Q4, ECP in December, their battery sales for one month were off 30%; that was $2.5 million difference just in battery sales. So the mild winter wasn't just here, it was also in Europe, so little bit of impact obviously in Q4. But so far through Q1, we are on plan and we're pretty happy. Now, there were some horrendous storms that came through the Southeast yesterday. Obviously those take time to get through the system, we'll see what that does. But so far, we are pretty pleased considering the comps we were up against in 2014.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Great. And then maybe dovetailing on your ECP commentary, the two-year stack on a same-store sales basis accelerated nicely despite that warm winter weather. You talked about market share gains. Could you disaggregate for us, of the 6.8%, what was secular growth, what was market share gains, and sort of what your expectation in there going forward?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. That's really hard for us to get our arms around because so many of our branches over there, Ben, are relatively close together, and we're consolidating some branches and the like. We think that the majority is related to market share gains, as we continue to expand out throughout the country. But there's, every time we open up a little branch, there's a little bit of cannibalization of the branches around it. So it's really hard to disaggregate that the way you want it.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Sure.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's fair to say, though, Ben, that the industry is growing circa GDP, so it feels like most of it's market share gains.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay; great. And then just one last one for me, sticking with Europe, the collision business, obviously is a big opportunity longer term. Any updates there, and sort of some of the things that you are working through to build that business?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure. The – now that we've got the Sator business done, up basically from a three-step to a two-step, our plan is to launch that in probably Q3 or Q4 of 2016. One update on the UK: we did add one more insurance company into the program. So we are now up to 9 of the top 10 insurer company. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it was still well over 20% growth, so still strong double-digit. We are very pleased with that, and we are excited about bringing that to the continent. I think Rhiag also provides an opportunity there as well, in the Eastern European countries, so we are excited about that opportunity and I expect to see something here in the tail half of 2016.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Very good. Good luck, guys. Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of James Albertine with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Good morning and thanks for taking my question, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Jamie.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I can speak wholeheartedly to that storm yesterday in Washington. If you do some water removal in basements, let me know. Real quickly, on the guidance, you mentioned FX and you also mentioned some headwind from Tamworth. I didn't hear any mention of scrap in the guidance. Maybe I missed it. But what should we be considering, assuming there is continued pressure as there has been sequentially now for several quarters?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So if scrap prices, particularly scrap steel prices, stay where they are, there should be maybe $0.01 or so, maybe $0.02 at the most in Q1, but by then most of the – this $80 scrap price will have rolled off, and we'd be in the clear. So we are not anticipating a big headwind from scrap, but again, that all assumes that prices stay where they are and they don't fall.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. And I wanted to ask as well on the Rhiag side, and going back in the, sort of – I appreciate the appendices, and apologies for having sort of a confused initial look earlier this morning on the guidance side. But with respect to one element of Rhiag you had talked about in December, refinancing opportunity there. Is that considered in your $0.11 for the balance of this year, or is that something that would be incremental theoretically to the $0.11 guide?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, that's included. We assumed that we would take out the 7.25% fixed-rate notes very quickly after – at closing, and that is our full intent. Part of the reason we increased the line of credit was to give us the flexibility to do that. Now, we will come back and – at some time during 2016, depending on how the euro markets are, is replace out with our own bond, which will be at a – obviously it will be a fixed-rate instrument at a higher rate than under our line of credit, but we fully anticipated in the $0.11 accretion in 2016 that we would be taking out all the existing Rhiag debt.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And if I may just ask one more, I know it's getting late in the call and I appreciate you taking the question. On the working capital side, just there seems to be quite a bit of sort of change that you are unearthing, both you're working on things with AlixPartners on procurement, and obviously you're bringing Rhiag on here potentially, and then some of the three-to-two-step transitions. But how should we think about sort of the big swings in working capital? What should we watch for as it relates to upside-downside to your – to the cash flow from ops guidance? Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, if you look at the funds flow statement, Jamie, 2015, a little bit unusual. As we told you going back a year, we had built inventories in Q4 of 2014 in anticipation of a potential port strike on the West Coast. And so as you – we came into the year kind of flush with inventory, and so we didn't need to add as much during the year to support the growth of the business. There was $83 million expansion in inventory during the year. Accounts receivable actually went down in 2015. That is very unusual, given a company that's growing its revenues. A lot of that had to do with some new things we were doing, particularly in the Netherlands, at Sator, some new focus on their receivables processing, if you will. We do not anticipate we will get another downtick in accounts receivable. We actually think receivables are going to grow in 2015 as our revenues grow. And so, that's the biggest swing. I know each year there seems to be something unusual. When you look at the – if you go back and you look historically at the kind of cash flow from operations, we were at $206 million in 2012, $428 million in 2013, down to $371 million in 2014, up to $521 million in 2015; most all of that has to do with swings related to working capital, and what I would suggest, if you kind of trend-lined it and normalized that to take out the peaks and the valleys, that's what you should be thinking about on a kind of long-term basis, recognizing that in any given year things could move up or down a little bit.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's incredibly helpful, I appreciate that. And on the inventory – I mean, just a follow up to that, the inventory, you're buying some newer vehicles at a little higher price point, but you're buying fewer vehicles. Is that sort of going to net out, as we think about sort of inventory swings? And granted, you are working on improved terms and some other items that you noted with the AlixPartners work.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So the item that you referenced, which is the procurement of cars and newer cars and the like, that only impacts our North American salvage business. Actually, most of the inventory is on the aftermarket business here in the U.S., the Specialty business in the U.S., and the whole entirety of the European business, right? Because that's all aftermarket products. So while there will be a little bit of an impact from the salvage operations, that's a minority of our overall inventory balances.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. I appreciate the clarification, and best of luck. Thanks, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: .
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen. I want to just ask about Europe. Can you remind us what the average age of the car park is there? How that's trending, and how that might impact demand for your aftermarket parts?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's about 8.7, Bill, is the average age, but it is growing, like the U.S. So we do expect that to be a nice tailwind for our European car parts business. As old cars get older, sort of what they're seeing here in United States, you'll see more need for those mechanical parts. So, definite positive trend.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And one other sort of futuristic question, I guess, and that's driverless cars, collision-avoidance technologies. There are some out there to think that's going to be – eliminate accidents. How do you guys see that, playing out in terms of how that might impact your business over the next – both over the near term, and then maybe over the next five years to 10 years?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's still very early days on that, and from what we've – the research we've looked at, Bill, most of this is currently an option right now, it's not a standard part. And it's mainly on higher end vehicles, although they are starting to work their way down. There was actually a study done by Thatcham over in UK that suggests that they believe claims volume will not drop precipitously, but severity will, and they actually expect total losses to drop, but the number of claims will. So instead of that violent roll-over collision, there will still be a collision but it just won't be as severe. So they're actually predicting pretty stability. So I think it's fair to say that it's still early days, but I will say this, it is actually part of our strategy to diversify the business. We do think it's coming, but we – and everything we've read says it's a decade-out problem, at the earliest. So we're going to continue to diversify the business, look to get away a little bit from the collision, as we've been doing over the last couple of years, but we do think there's at least a solid 10 years left of collisions that are going to stay pretty normalized.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks very much.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bill.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to now turn the floor back over to Mr. Wagman for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Devon, and thank you everyone for your time today. But before we sign off, I just want to announce that we're very excited about, we'll be hosting our first ever Investor Day in New York City on March 15. You'll have the opportunity to hear from each of our segment leaders as they discuss their businesses, and we look forward to providing a deeper dive into our company. We hope you can join us, either in person or via our webcast. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Christopher Van Horn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website at lkqcorp.com for our earnings release issued this morning as well as the accompanying slide presentation for the call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward-looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our Form 10-K for 2014 and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release as well as the slide presentation. And, with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. And before I provide an update on our operations, let me briefly highlight a few key financial metrics from the quarter. Turning to slide three, Q3 revenue reached $1.83 billion, an increase of 6.4% as compared to $1.72 billion in the third quarter of 2014. Net income for the third quarter of 2015 was $101.3 million, an increase of 10.7% as compared to $91.5 million for the same period of 2014. Diluted earnings per share of $0.33 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2015, increased 10% from $0.30 for the third quarter of 2014. Please note that adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2015 would have been $0.34 compared to $0.31 for the third quarter of 2014 after adjusting each of the periods for net losses resulting from restructuring and acquisition related expenses and the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 6.8% for the quarter. And on a constant currency basis, total growth for parts and services was 14.9%. I am particularly pleased with our EPS performance, given the effect from FX and soft scrap steel prices, which, combined, negatively impacted the year-over-year change in EPS by $0.02. On a nine-month year-to-date basis, revenue was $5.44 billion, an increase of 7.7% from $5.1 billion for the comparable period of 2014. Parts and services organic revenue growth for the first nine months of 2015 was 7.3%. Net income for the first nine months of 2015 was $328.2 million as compared to $301.1 million for the first nine months of 2014. Diluted earnings per share was $1.07 for the first nine months of 2015 as compared to $0.98 for the comparable period of 2014. On an adjusted basis, year-to-date 2015 EPS was $1.10 versus $1.01 for the last year. Now a brief update on our operations, which are highlighted on slide six and seven. During the quarter, our North American operations continued to benefit from various macro trends. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven was up 4.2% in July, the latest reported figures available. This number represents the 17th consecutive month of increases in miles driven. With low gas prices and ongoing improvements in unemployment rate, we expect a continuation of this trend. Though initially a headwind, as newer vehicles requiring repair tend to receive new OE parts, the increase in the SAAR rate presents attractive growth prospects for alternative products as these vehicles age. The SAAR rate for Q3 2015 was 17.8 million units compared to 16.8 million units for Q3 2014, a 6.1% increase year-over-year. Simply put, increased new vehicle sales increased the size of the car park, which equates to more insured cars on the road, the likelihood of increased accidents and more repairs. These trends help drive North American organic growth for parts and services of 5.9% in Q3. During Q3, we purchased 71,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operation, which is a 1.4% decrease compared to Q3 2014. This reduction was a result of a healthy backlog of vehicles from the first half of 2015. During Q3, our pricing at auction was again flat year-over-year, but we were also buying a younger vehicle by over a half a year when compared to 2014. This younger vehicle procurement strategy continues to perform well as witnessed by the positive 30 basis point contribution year-over-year to our North American gross margins. Also, our North American aftermarket parts business witnessed a robust increase in the number of available certified parts in Q3. On a year-over-year basis, the number of certified SKUs increased 34%. This trend bodes well as the vehicles from the recent surge in the SAAR rate begin to move into our sweet spot of vehicles in the three-year to nine-year range, again, an ideal age range for alternative part usage. During Q3, our self-service retail business acquired 128,000 lower cost, self-service and crush-only cars as compared to 134,000 in Q3 of 2014 or a 4.5% decrease. Self-service faced some headwinds during the quarter, primarily centered on lower scrap pricing, which Nick will address shortly. And, lastly on North America, I want to provide a brief update on AlixPartners, the global business consulting and advisory firm we partnered with in Q2 to begin assisting us with identifying potential operational efficiencies within four key areas: parts procurement, route optimization, dismantling centers of excellence and sales force effectiveness. We have identified several significant opportunities in each of these key areas. However, I want to highlight an example with the sales force effectiveness test that we launched in Q3 at our Florida locations. The intent with this test was to create a defined sales and operations structure in Florida to enable a greater focus on improving the customer experience, while simultaneously developing high levels of productivity. For example, in order to gain efficiencies within our sales effort, we began leveraging a centralized phone system that is networked throughout the entire state. This system creates a seamless flow of calls between facilities, which reduces the time our customers wait for the next available representative and the risk of a lost sale. In addition, to drive increased sales productivity, we've established key performance indicators or KPIs. KPIs are primarily focused around maximizing total clock time and outbound call levels and coaching time, which is the time inside sales managers spend developing the effectiveness of our sales representatives. Though early in this initiative, we're quickly witnessing a reduction in personnel overlap, which has resulted in positive cost savings thus far. Now moving to our European operations. In Q3, our Wholesale European segment had organic revenue growth of 7.2% and acquisition growth of 5.7%, which was offset by a decrease of 9.9% related to foreign exchange rates. ECP's continued positive performance drove organic revenue growth up 10.1% in the quarter. And for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 6.2%. During the quarter, ECP opened four additional branches, bringing our UK network to 198 with four additional branches scheduled to open in Q4. During Q3, collision parts sales at ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 34%. ECP continues to execute on growing the collision business. And through the end of Q3, ECP operates 14 collision parts distribution centers dedicated to supporting the collision sales of their branch network. The targeted number of collision parts distribution centers necessary to cover the UK is 20. And we expect this to be completed by the second half of 2016. And, lastly, on ECP, I'd like to provide a brief update on our new 750,000 square foot national distribution warehouse, currently under development in the UK. This large project is currently on-time and on-budget. At this point, the shell of the warehouse is fully complete. And we're now planning the next phase, which is primarily focused on internal equipment infrastructure and the launching of the automation and logistical build out. For the quarter, we did not incur any material costs related to this project. Turning to Sator business. During the quarter, Sator witnessed additional gross margin benefit year-over-year, which contributed to a positive 260 basis point year-over-year improvement to our European gross margins. Also, during the quarter, Sator acquired four additional distributors of aftermarket automotive products in the Netherlands. These acquisitions largely completed our efforts of converting a portion of Sator's network to a two-step model and achieve our goal of operating over 80 branches of the market. Once fully integrated, this branch network should strengthen Sator's long-term prospects and margin profile and position the business well for our expected entry into the alternative collision parts market in the Benelux region, which we anticipate launching in 2016. Now onto the Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year revenue growth of 41% in the quarter, including the benefits of the Stag Parkway and Coast acquisitions and strong organic revenue growth of 10%. During the quarter, all integration activities from the October 2014 Stag acquisition were completed. In total, our Specialty team integrated 12 Stag warehouses into six existing KAO distribution centers, an impressive accomplishment in just one year. In addition, during Q3, our Specialty team opened a new 360,000 square foot warehouse in Michigan. This warehouse will provide improved inventory availability and service levels for our customers in the Great Lakes and Midwest regions. We're scheduled to begin receiving inventory at this warehouse mid-Q4 and begin distributing products early Q1 2016. And, lastly, on operations, in addition to the Netherlands distributors, during the quarter, our corporate development efforts included the closing of the previously announced acquisitions of Parts Channel, The Coast Distribution System and eight self-service yards in California from Ecology Auto Parts. At this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on the financial results of the quarter.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob, and good morning to everyone on the call. Over the next few minutes, I will address the consolidated results of our company and review the performance of each of our three segments before touching on the balance sheet and addressing our revised guidance. For those of you who accessed our earnings presentation on the website, you will notice that we have included detail on both the third quarter ended September 30 and the first nine months of 2015. My comments will generally follow the flow of the presentation. But to be concise, I will focus on the quarterly results. The short version of our financial performance in the third quarter of 2015 would be that save for our self-service operation, we had a great quarter. We experienced solid revenue growth despite continued headwinds from lower scrap prices and the strong dollar. And except for our self-service operations, each of our businesses drove solid margin increases relative to the third quarter of 2014. As Rob mentioned, consolidated revenue for the third quarter was $1.83 billion, representing a 6.4% increase over last year. That reflects a 10.7% increase in revenue from parts and services, partially offset by a 30.8% decrease in other revenue, primarily related to the decline in prices for scrap steel and other metals, which I will address in a few minutes. The components of the parts and services revenue growth include approximately 6.8% from organic, 8.1% from acquisitions, before backing out 4.2% for the translation impact of FX. I will provide a bit more detail on the organic growth of each business as I walk through the segment results. As noted on slide 11 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins improved 30 basis points to 38.9% in the quarter. The uptick reflected approximately 70 basis points of improvement from operations, offset by 40 basis points of decline due to the revenue mix as the revenue growth of our Specialty business, which has the lowest gross margin structure, outpaced that of our other operations. We lost about 10 basis points of efficiencies in our operating expenses, largely due to our self-service operations. This operation experienced a meaningful decline in revenue related to the lower scrap steel prices and an uptick in expenses, the combination of which resulted in materially higher cost as a percent of revenue in each expense category. Outside of the impact of metal prices, our consolidated distribution costs as a percent of revenue benefited from lower fuel prices and our SG&A expenses benefited from the acquisition integration synergies in our Specialty operation. Segment EBITDA totaled $207 million for the quarter, reflecting an 8.2% increase from 2014. And, as a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 11.3%, a 20 basis point increase over the 11.1% recorded last year. The increase in EBITDA, when combined with the lower relative levels of depreciation, amortization and interest expense, allows pre-tax income to increase by 10.8% during the third quarter of 2015 compared to the same period last year and the pre-tax margins expanded by 40 basis points from 8.1% to 8.5%. Our tax rate during the third quarter was down to 33.9% as compared to 34.0% in 2014. The tax rate reflects an effective rate of 34.75% for the quarter as well as a favorable adjustment to get us to that level on a year-to-date basis as we have been estimating an effective tax rate of 35.1%. As Rob mentioned, fully diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.33 a share compared to $0.30 last year, a 10% increase. And adjusted EPS was $0.34 a share compared to $0.31, again, approximately 10% improvement. As highlighted on slide 13, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since all of our segments have different margin structures, this mix shift does impact the trend in consolidated margins. And, with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in our North American segment during the third quarter of 2015 increased to $1,037 million or about 1% over last year. This is a combination of a 7.9% growth rate in parts and services, offset by a 31.1% decline in other revenue, the latter of which was due primarily to lower prices received for scrap steel and other metals. Organic growth in the North American parts and services was 5.9%, reflecting a 6.5% increase in the core recycling and aftermarket activities being offset by minimal revenue growth from part sales in our self-service business. All in all, this was a very solid quarter for our North American operations. Gross margins in North America during the third quarter increased 30 basis points relative to the comparable period of the prior year from 41.9% to 42.2%. This increase was primarily due to our improved procurement in our salvage operations and a mix shift away from self-service, which has lower gross margins than our Wholesale operations. With respect to operating expense in North American, we lost about 80 basis points of margin compared to the comparable quarter of 2014. On the upside, we continue to experience improvements in fuel costs relative to last year as diesel averaged $2.63 a gallon as compared to $3.84. As a percent of revenue, fuel costs declined by 40 basis points while we experienced some modest increases in facilities and SG&A expenses, resulting in an overall 10 basis point reduction in operating expenses as a percent of revenue for our Wholesale business. Unfortunately, the improvement in Wholesale was more than offset by our self-serve unit, which experienced a slight increase in operating expenses but meaningfully lower revenue due both to the significant decline in scrap prices and a modest reduction in the number of cars processed. As a result, operating expenses as a percent of revenue of our self-service operation increased very significantly on a year-over-year basis. And while self-service only represents a little bit less than 9% of total North American revenue, this large increase had a 90 basis point negative impact on the total operating expenses as a percent of revenue for North America. So we were up 10 basis points due to Wholesale, down 90 basis points due self-serve for a negative impact of 80 basis points. Slide 16 takes a closer look at the scrap steel prices over the past 21 months. You will note that the average price we realized in the third quarter of 2015 was approximately $123 a ton. We're down 43% compared to last year. In total, the lower pricing for scrap steel reduced our revenue for the quarter by approximately $29 million on a year-over-year basis. It is important to note that while we ended the quarter at approximately $109 per ton for scrap steel, the prices we have been receiving recently have fallen further. So we expect additional pressure in the fourth quarter of 2015. The decline in scrap steel prices had approximately a $0.02 negative impact on our earnings per share during the third quarter. While we have been dealing with falling scrap steel prices for a while, during Q3, we also experienced a material decline in the prices received from other metals that are a residual of our recycling activities, including aluminum, copper, platinum, palladium and rhodium, which were down materially compared to the third quarter of last year. So while revenue from scrap steel was down $29 million during the quarter, revenue derived from selling aluminum, precious metals and catalytic converters was down an incremental $17 million compared to Q3 of last year. In total, EBITDA for the North American business during the third quarter of 2015 was $129 million, reflecting a 2.5% decline compared to last year. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the North American segment was 12.4% in Q3 of 2015, a 50 basis point decline over the comparable period the prior year. In both, dollar and percentage terms, the Wholesale operations improved relative to the comparable period of the prior year. But the overall segment results were down as a result of the decline at our self-service operations, again, with the latter largely reflecting the impact of lower scrap and other metal prices. Moving on to our European segment, total revenue in the third quarter accelerated to $511 million. Organic growth in Europe during the third quarter was 7.2%, reflecting a combination of 10.1% organic growth at ECP and nominal organic growth at Sator. The impact of acquisitions in Europe resulted in an additional 5.7% increase in revenue. But these gains were offset by a 9.9% decline due to the translation impact of the strong dollar, creating a negative impact on revenue and resulting in total reported growth for European parts and services of 3%. On a constant currency basis, European revenue growth during the quarter was 13%. Gross margins in Europe increased to 38.3%, a 260 basis point improvement over the comparable period of 2014. Both Euro Car Parts and Sator experienced higher gross margins from operations, about 160 basis points collectively, as we continued to benefit from improved procurement in the UK and the internalization of the gross margin from our acquisitions in the Netherlands. The remaining balance of the improvement relates to the impact of Sator's acquisitions in 2014 and the related accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP, which depressed margins by about 100 basis points in the third quarter of last year. These are the highest quarterly gross margins we have achieved in Europe since early 2012. With respect to operating expenses in Europe, we lost about 70 basis points to largely due to higher SG&A expense at our UK operation, reflecting higher personnel costs to support the growth of the business, including our e-commerce development. European EBITDA totaled $53 million, a 26.4% increase, even after taking into account the impact of the strong dollar, which had a negative effect of $4 million. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA in the third quarter was 10.3% versus 8.4% last year, a 190 basis point improvement. These are some of the best EBITDA margins this segment has posted in quite some time. We anticipate the normal seasonal pattern will continue in 2015. And we would expect these margins will moderate in the fourth quarter. As noted on slide 19, relative to the third quarter of 2014, the pound sterling declined 7% and the euro declined 16% against the dollar. We estimate that for the third quarter the strong dollar reduced our European revenue by approximately $49 million compared to Q3 of last year. As noted on this page, removing the impact of the currency swings would have resulted in third quarter European revenue growth of 13% and given the margin improvement, EBITDA growth on a constant currency basis of 35%, which we believe is quite strong. When taking all currencies into account, the strong dollar reduced third quarter EPS by about $0.005 compared to last year. Turning to our Specialty segment, revenue for the third quarter totaled $283 million, a 41% increase over the comparable quarter of 2014. Obviously, the impact of the acquisitions of Stag Parkway in the fourth quarter of 2014 and Coast Distribution in August of 2015 accounted for the largest component of growth, but the organic growth rate of our Specialty business was 10%, very strong. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the third quarter declined about 120 basis points compared to last year, largely due to procurement and pricing considerations in our Canadian operations, offset in part by a favorable mix shift towards more profitable lines. On the bright side, operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down about 150 basis points as we continue to see the leverage from integrating the acquisitions into our existing network as well as the benefit of lower fuel prices. EBITDA for the Specialty segment was $26 million, reflecting a 45% increase over 2014. And, as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment increased 30 basis points to 9.2% in 2015. As noted in the last call, this is a highly seasonal business, and the fourth quarter is by far the weakest as demonstrated by the graph in the upper right-hand corner of slide 20. We expect the Coast acquisition will accentuate the margin drop in Q4. So you should expect the margins to again moderate meaningfully as the selling activity moves lower towards the end of the year. Now, let's move on to capital allocation, which, given the working capital swings, the lumpiness of capital spending, and the timing of acquisitions, is best viewed on a year-to-date basis, as set forth on slide 22. You will note that our after-tax cash flow from earnings for the first nine months was approximately $432 million and we experienced a $59 million decrease in net operating assets and liabilities, which were the primary drivers behind the $491 million of cash provided by operations during the first nine months of the year. Thus far in 2015, we have deployed $254 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $100 million to fund capital expenditures and $154 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. So for the first nine months, we generated $237 million of free cash and we used approximately $215 million of that to repay our debt balances. The remaining $22 million was added to our liquidity. And we closed the quarter with approximately $137 million of cash, of which about $87 million is held in Europe. At the end of the quarter, we had $1.6 billion of total debt outstanding, which, on a GAAP basis, was approximately 2.0 times our latest 12 months EBITDA. The available capacity on our credit facility was approximately $1.3 billion, which we believe provides adequate liquidity to fund the continued growth of our business. Finally, as noted in our press release, we have adjusted our guidance on some of the key financial metrics for the year as we lace to organic growth for parts and services. We are at 7.3% through the first nine months. We have tightened the full year range from what was 7% to 8.5% to 7.0% to 7.5%, which essentially implies 6% to 8% organic growth during the fourth quarter. In terms of earnings per share, we're narrowing the guidance a bit to $1.39 a share on the low end to $1.44 on the high end. This all assumes that the pound sterling, euro and Canadian dollar remain at current levels and, importantly, that scrap remains at current levels as well. The corresponding net income guidance is $428 million to $442 million. We have adjusted guidance for cash flow from operations up from $450 million during our last call to $525 million to $550 million, reflecting the continued solid cash earnings of the company and a moderate investment in working capital during the fourth quarter. And, finally, we have moved the guidance for capital spending down a bit to $135 million to $150 million, basically, reflecting the fact that we are at $100 million for the first nine months. And, with that, I will turn the call back over to Rob.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nick. Looking at the remainder of the last quarter of 2015 and preparing for 2016, our outlook continues to be optimistic. We're laser-focused on our mission statement of being the leading global value-added distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive available and cost-effective selection of parts solutions, while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. In North America, I am encouraged by the trends in miles driven, the continued growth in the average number of parts per claim, the increase in the per unit share of APU, the increased costs of repairs pushing carriers to seek alternative parts to lower their costs and the consistent pipeline of acquisition opportunities we're witnessing across all of our business lines. In Europe, the macro trends are also attractive. In the UK, new car registrations are annualizing at the highest level since 2005 with vehicle miles through June at the highest rolling annual total ever. Europe, as a whole, in 2014 witnessed its first registration increase since 2007, a positive long-term trend for the types of aftermarket mechanical and service parts we offer in this segment. In Specialty, the size of the SEMA market is material and fragmented, a cornerstone to our business model and founding strategy. We continue to identify deals within Specialty that, through acquisition, create tremendous synergies and scale within our existing network. And, in closing, I want to thank our over 31,000 team members who daily endeavor to drive organic sales, promote the use of alternative parts and implement operational efficiencies to enhance the productivity of our organization and enhance the experience of our customers, which, ultimately, will reward our stockholders now and over the long-term. And, with that, Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone, and congrats on a good, solid quarter.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate. Good morning.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: So a couple things. I wanted to talk about a little bit in terms – over in Europe in terms of like ECP. You just mentioned, obviously, some good macro trends in terms of miles driven going on over there and, obviously, we have more parts injections. But, as you slow, obviously, that increase in branch count, we mature that, which we're getting close to, could you talk about the big drivers over the next several years like kind of in terms at least the footprint you have today beyond any additional acquisitions in terms of what are the opportunities, breaking it down in terms of just market share gains versus new product injections, et cetera?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Certainly, Nate, we're at the tail end. This year – so the end of Q4, we'll be over 200 locations. And we've always said the right number is 225. So we're certainly at the tail end. Obviously, the new park introductions are going to be huge for us. We plan on bringing reman parts into the marketplace, recycled parts as well. So there's a lot of opportunity to bring the products we have here in the U.S. over to the UK. So we do think the overall market conditions are good. On top of some of the tailwinds you mentioned, the strong surge in SAAR rate that we're seeing here in the U.S. is also occurring in the UK and on the continent. And we know when those cars come out of warranty they're going to be a real driver of the business. The average age of the car part in the UK is 7.8 years old, but it's expanding. And on the continent, it's 8.6 years old and expanding. So we think as these cars get older, it's going to provide a nice tailwind. The other thing that I do want to talk about really, what we've really been focusing on this last quarter is the focus on the gross margin there at ECP, as you saw in the numbers. So while initially a headwind in terms of really driving down our selling cost, our selling prices to the customers, we are going to see we believe a consistent effort to grow our top-line as well on top of that as well as the gross margin. So I think with all the macro drivers and some of the stuff we're doing internally, we're in good shape there.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks for that. And then second question. Obviously, you pointed out some good initial results from your kind of endeavors on the consulting arrangement. And we talked about maybe seeing some benefits in 2016. And, obviously, this individual project in the small area had good results. Can you talk about maybe what you're seeing so far in terms of the opportunity to monetize any of those initial efforts across the entire network where it could produce something that actually is meaningful in terms of results for next year?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: >: Yeah. Let me talk about the four different areas that we're focusing on, Nate. First, routing software. We are launching our first routing software initiative next week in Florida. So that's our first shot at that. The purchasing area that we've been focusing on, we've got a lot of RFQs out in the marketplace today. So those will start coming in pretty soon. The sales changes I talked about in Florida are going well. And we do plan on expanding those. The last one on our list was the dismantling centers. We are bringing some Six Sigma black belts on to the payroll to work on getting those implemented. It just really is too early to talk about what the net gain is going to be, although initially we've been very pleased with what we think we're going to be able to attain here. But it really just is too early to monetize what the net effect is going to be.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And I appreciate the time. And I'll turn it over.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jim.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask as well on the European segment, just to the considerations for the fourth quarter as it relates to margins. You obviously had a great result in the third quarter but help us understand. You're balancing, I think, some easier compares year-over-year. If I recall, there's some pull forward costs related to a competitor bankruptcy last year and some other expansion. You've got a new UK facility, though, that's starting to come online as well this year. So how do we sort of balance that and how do we think about kind of the year-over-year trends looking forward into the fourth quarter?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're right, Jamie. There was a bit of a pressure on margins over Europe in Q4 of last year. We think most of that is behind us. Again, we showed solid improvement during Q3. We do anticipate that the margins in Q4 should be a little bit better than last year. But it is a seasonal business, much more than here in the U.S. So it's important to keep that in mind. So we do anticipate that the margins will creep down in Q4 relative to where they are right now.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So if I'm hearing, we should just moderate the rate of change that we saw in the third quarter when we're thinking about our fourth quarter models?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's fair.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then just a quick question as well, maybe an update really on your plan to essentially buy fewer higher quality or higher priced cars. How is that progressing? Is it still kind of too small relative to the 200,000 or so you're buying to really be impactful? Or is that a bigger chunk of the pie than we're giving it credit?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're starting to see the benefits of that, Jamie, for sure, buying the better car. Obviously, as the car park gets a little younger, we're buying about a half a model year better for the same price. And I think what's really impacting our cost at auctions, quite frankly, is the strong dollar is keeping a lot of the exporters out. And, of course, scrap is bringing it down as well. But that's a strategic initiative we're moving forward. And we're very pleased with the results. We're actually getting more dollars per car than we did with the older car.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Well, I would imagine an ancillary benefit though is probably pretty small, is sort of the reduced exposure to scrap in the sense that you're buying fewer cars, right?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely, yeah. That would certainly be a positive. But it's basically we're flat. We're down 1.4% year-over-year. And I think we'll be in that same range of about the same number of cars here going forward. We did have a healthy backlog coming out of Q1 and Q2, which did allow us to buy a little bit less in Q3.
Jamie Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Well, thank you so much and congrats on a great third quarter. And good luck in the fourth.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. Nick, the free cash flow upside this year has been the talk of investors, I guess, early this morning. What are the key factors behind that and how sustainable is it given it's driven by some working capital benefits?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Craig. There's no doubt that we have benefited on the working capital side. Again, the $491 million of free cash or operating cash flow, if you will, for the first nine months reflects strong earnings, basically $432 million, but then a net decrease in working capital. I don't believe that we're going to be able to run the business for the next several years continuing to reduce the amount of working capital. Again, some of that has to do with the fact that Q4 of last year at year-end – again, we really bulked up the inventory in anticipation that there could be some issues at the ports during the first quarter and second quarter. And so our inventory balances are actually coming down from the end of last year. Again, we had some increase in payables as well, which helped matters. So we took the guidance for the year up just reflecting the fact that we're well ahead of where we anticipated we would be. But, again, I think, for modeling purposes, folks should assume that, on an ongoing basis, we're going to need to increase working capital pretty much in line with our revenue growth.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): As a follow-up, just given the upside, even though it may not be entirely sustainable, but still strong, is there an opportunity to go to your rating agencies and look for a re-rating of any kind?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Probably not. I mean, we keep in constant dialogue with both Moody's and Standard & Poor's. We think we've got a great relationship there. At the end of the day, it's going to take a little bit more than just an uptick in free cash flow, if you will, I think, to get us to investment grade land.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then just, lastly, on your facility in the UK, the new distribution center you're working on. I'm curious if you can quantify what you think might be some of the benefits from a fulfillment rate perspective or a delivery frequency perspective. I'm trying to compare it really to a competitor in the U.S., O'Reilly, which has used really some scale advantages as a distribution center operator to take meaningful share. And I'm wondering if that's a decent analogy.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it is correct. We will be able to service our branches much better. And with the excess capacity, we'll have deeper inventories as well. So I think we can buy better as well. Hopefully, we'll be able to buy bulk, much larger and be able to service our branches and our hubs much quicker with that facility. It's going to be fully automated – a good portion of it's going to be automated that will allow us to be real efficient in terms of space and everything else. So a real positive and I think it's going to really allow us to get a lot more efficient on both the sales and service side of the business.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, Good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Tony.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: The first question I have – and it looks like all of your businesses outside of sort of the metals exposed are doing well. But when you look at the comment, I think, you talked about 2016 introduction of alternative parts in the Sator business. Can you maybe give a little bit more understanding of the process that's involved there, sort of, the ramp time and what you see as the opportunity as you introduce those newer alternative parts?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Tony. Obviously, we have 17 carriers in the UK that we're going to use them as our launching pad as we get to the continent. Many of those right also in the continent, so from the UK, so we have those relationships already built. In terms of the product, it's the same vendors we're using in the UK, so that won't be difficult. It's really just getting – our first process was to flip from three step to two step. And now that we're virtually done with that, now we can control that last mile of distribution. So it's really going to be working with the insurance companies on the continent to show them our results that we've had in the UK. In terms of the market opportunity, the OEs have about a 93% market share on the continent, so lots of opportunity. We've been very successful in the UK, as we mentioned in my script, 34% growth year-over-year. And the numbers are getting larger and larger obviously as we continue to grow that side of the business. So we think there's a sizable opportunity, once we get the products launched in the Holland (45:06) market.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Is it similar to, with respect to the U.S., in terms of you get to a certain point and then maybe there's a little bit more pushback, but it's easier to introduce parts when the concentration is so heavy on the OE side right now?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's fair. And it's actually interesting. I think as we get deeper and deeper, it actually gets easier. There won't be a pushback. The initial pushback comes at the beginning, getting people to switch and trust the ability for us to service the customer. Once that's accomplished, I think, it gets so much easier, actually.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then if I could ask one more question. The self-serve side of the businesses, we're talking a lot about scrap and the negative overhang on metals. I'm assuming the demand side at your self-service business is still very strong and robust relative to the market. And, one, is that true? And then, second, as you look at scrap, these prices are down at levels we saw back in 2008 and 2009 after being up at $250, $300 a crushed ton. Do you get the same lag time in terms of recovery as you do feeling the pressure? So you got 60 days, 90 days of recovery on between the time you buy the car and when you crush it. On the flip side, coming out of it or if scrap prices reverse, do you then get the benefit on that lag time as well?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll take the question about the demand and I'll let Nick talk about the scrap. The demand, our admissions have never been higher actually at our facilities. The average model year car in the United States is 11.4 model years old. So the demand is very strong. That's not an issue whatsoever. What we're seeing a little bit is scrap prices have dropped. Some of the people that we procure the product from, the tow yards, the municipalities, et cetera, some of these people are hoarding the inventory until scrap comes up. So it's a little more difficult to purchase our products, but the demand is as high as it's ever been.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yep. And on the scrap, self-service has roughly a 90-day, maybe 120-day time between where the cars – we purchase the cars. They are then fed into our facilities and then ultimately head to the crusher. So, on the full service side, obviously, that's a much longer duration. But three months to four months we basically turn the inventory on the self-serve side. So, in theory, as prices begin to head in a northward direction as opposed to a southward direction, we should get benefit there as well. It all has to do with the price that we paid for the car and the underlying value that we're getting from the scrap. And we've actually been able to buy pretty effectively. We're bringing our purchase price for the cars down as scrap prices has fallen. But, again, there is always that lag there. And that lag will be there on the way up as well.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just to put some color on that, Tony. Our average price at a self-serve location is down $103 per car year-over-year. So, we've taken a lot of cost out of the purchase. And the full service is down $18 year-over-year. But, again, I think that's a little misleading because we are buying a better car. So I think we're actually doing much better than the $18 shows.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That's great. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ben.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Just touching on the specialty industry. Following the Coast acquisition, are there any other sizable competitors there or anyone of any meaningful competitive threat? And then, when you think about the product offerings that you offer today, are there any offerings that you would like to bring onboard or that you could potentially bring onboard through bolt-on acquisitions?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Ben. There are sizable competitors in the marketplace still. Remember, we operate in the entire SEMA market which is well over $34 billion. We're only operating in the $5.6 billion part of that segment. So lots of competitors out there still and a lots of opportunities to keep growing the business. And that pipeline in our industry – that acquisition pipeline is very active actually, that side of the business.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just touching on the ECP same-store sales, branch growth. Obviously, strong new car sales, I suspect, are creating a little bit of a near-term headwind, obviously a long-term tailwind. Is that mid to high single-digit growth expectation you laid out for the full year on the last call still a reasonable expectation?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it is. I think with just some of the macro trends, they're benefiting from miles driven increasing. The new car park, as we just mentioned, as I said earlier, once that car ages three years, gets out of the warranty side of the business, we expect our business to be very strong there, so, on that side. The collision is still doing very well. I think our paint business is dragging down the organic. It was never going to grow at the size of the parts business. So that's kind of bringing in the number a little bit. But I do feel pretty confident that strong single-digits, low double-digits are going to be achievable with the macro trends we're facing.
Benjamin Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen. So kind of related to that last one. In Europe, your organic growth was 7.2%, which is below the trend we've seen elsewhere. ECP is still is pretty strong, about 10%. Anything to call out in the Netherlands in terms of the organic growth rate?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Two things on the Netherlands, Bill, that are probably worth noting. We had a really strong Q2. It was a very mild spring on the continent. And we believe a lot of that repair work may have been pushed from Q3 into Q2. And the other thing that we're doing is obviously with the heavy acquisitions we're doing from three-step to two-step, there's a lot of revenue moving as we acquire new businesses we're cannibalizing from other locations. So it may be shifting from an older location that was comping to a newer location that we didn't get the benefit of the organic growth. So we do think that's going to start to level out again and will be back to where we think we should be, which is mid single-digits of organic growth.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then a question maybe for Nick. You had a $3 million other income item on your P&L. What was that?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Most of it related to FX items.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: So kind of non-cash then or the hedges or what?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Mostly non-cash items, Bill. Again, nothing material.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So not – and also, I guess, sort of non-recurring then? I mean is that something we should be looking for in the quarters ahead?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. I mean, the FX goes along with where the currencies are swinging and the like. So we would never kind of plan on that being a recurring item.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Understood. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Just housekeeping. Could you give us what you have for the alternative parts penetration year-over-year in North America and then the UK number?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In the U.S., we get quarterly updates, but it's really moving. But it's in that 36% to 37% range. And in the UK, we're closer to 9% plus. The last figure we got from Solaire (53:21) at the time. Up from 7%, we got in the business, Bret, in 2012.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, in Specialty, as you're looking around the M&A environment, I guess, you wouldn't be buying a manufacturer. Would you buy a to-consumer brand like a Summit or a JEGS or a QuadraTec or is that too much sort of a catalog retail presence? You need more of a distribution model.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do play in that performance side of the business, Bret. That is one of the segments we are in. We certainly would look at anything that we could obviously lever. They do have – both of those companies have a strong e-commerce presence, which is attractive to us. But at this point, we're just looking at all of the opportunities. And since they are in that segment, we certainly would be interested in that business.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, one last question. On ECP, the 6.2% comp, do you have a feeling for what the underlying market growth was there? I mean, that would seem to be a share gain comp, but do you know what the number that you're selling against was?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The 6.2% comp?
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. I think you said the 12 month and older ECP stores were up 6.2%. What was the market up do you think?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've been told the market is growing circa GDP, so 2%ish.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Hello, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jason.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Just looking at FX and scrap, assuming that rates and prices remain at current levels, what do you expect the EPS impact will be in the fourth quarter?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Again, if FX rates stay where they are today, again, probably a little bit less than $0.005, on the scrap side, figure $0.02 relative to last year. I mean we continue to chunk down. And the scrap prices really didn't start to come in meaningfully until early Q1 of this year. So we won't get the real benefit.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: And then, how about the tax rate for the fourth quarter?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You should assume for the year that we'll be at the 34.75%. That's our best estimate at this point in time.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Okay. And then, finally, if you wouldn't mind providing an update on the State Farm aftermarket chrome bumpers, as well as your JV in Australia.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Jason, on State Farm, the bumpers, the ones that they are writing in the aftermarket were up 16.6% year-over-year, so really impressive growth. We now have 467 certified parts available just in the bumper line, so very pleased with that. We talk to State Farm all the time, nothing more than that. On Australia, we keep moving forward with the partnership there. And it's a slow, steady race, but growing our top-line very nicely and expect to do a little bit more here in the coming quarters in terms of potential acquisitions and more product entry.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you very much.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Van Horn with FRB (sic) [FBR] (56:47) Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Van Horn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Just a quick question on Sator and I apologize if you went over this. But could you just update it now that you've kind of completed these four acquisitions, update us on the competitive landscape over there and where you guys are kind of positioned? And have you quantified kind of the addressable market for that business after these acquisitions?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's a competitive marketplace. We're now in a position to really control that last mile of distribution. So we do still have some wholesale customers as well. So we're kind of playing in both of the markets. The car park is growing there. And it presents a great opportunity. We think that our small entry into France – we have three locations in France – provides another opportunity to keep growing the business. So we think it's a great opportunity to really grow the business in all segments of the markets we operate, the Benelux, as well as the France markets as well.
Christopher Van Horn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And these last four really puts you at a competitive advantage over some of the other guys over there, right?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We certainly believe that now that we're pretty much where we need to be in terms of the three-step to two-step, we're in a great position because our inventory is strong. We can leverage not only our existing inventory in the Netherlands, but we have backup in the UK as well. So we think we're in a great position.
Christopher Van Horn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Good stuff. And then secondly on Coast, have you guys talked about – is the dynamics in that market similar to auto in terms of the sweet spot of the age of the vehicle? And what kind of trends are you seeing in the addressable market there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Remember the Coast business and our accessory business really isn't tied to collisions. It's more tied to the upgrading of the vehicle or accessorizing of the vehicle. So it's really tied to the SAAR rate. As new car sales and new RV sales continue, people are more likely to accessorize their vehicle at time of purchase. So we think we're in a great position on all side of the accessory business because of that strong SAAR rate. People are going to do this, most likely upgrade their vehicle at the time of purchase. The other thing that's attractive about that is the dealerships often finance those type of upgrades. So they roll right into the notes. So we're pretty optimistic. As long as the SAAR rates stay strong, we've got a nice tailwind there.
Christopher Van Horn - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking the call again. Thanks.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Christopher.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Devon. Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you in February when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2015 results. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc. William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With us today are Rob Wagman and Nick Zarcone. Please refer to the LKQ website for earnings release issued this morning, as well as the accompanying slide presentation for this call. Now let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we make today may be considered forward looking. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in our form 10-K for 2014 and subsequent reports filed with the SEC. During this call we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release. And with I am happy to turn the call over to our CEO, Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. At LKQ we are a mission driven company, and I would like to start this call by highlighting our recently updated mission statement. We want to be the leading global value-added distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive available and cost-effective selection of parts solutions while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operating. We are well on our way toward fulfilling our mission statement. Our goal is to be the leading distributor, versus simply a parts provider. We are global, with nearly 28% of our revenue outside of North America. Our products are for all types of vehicles and not solely replacement products for autos and light trucks. And most importantly, we are focused on building strong partnerships with our customers, our people, our suppliers, and the communities in which we operating. With that said, I believe our performance during the quarter speaks to this mission in I am quite pleased with the results. In Q2, revenue reached a new quarterly height of $1.84 billion, an increase of 7.5% as compared to $1.71 billion in the second quarter of 2014. Net income for the second quarter of 2015 was $119.7 million, an increase of 14.1% as compared to $104.9 million for the same period of 2014. Diluted earnings per share of $0.39 for the second quarter ended June 30, 2015, increased 14.7% from $0.34 for the second quarter of 2014. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 7.5% for the quarter, and on a constant currency basis, total growth for parts and services was 14.9%. I am particularly pleased with our EPS performance, given the effect from FX and soft commodity prices, which combined negatively impacted the year-over-year change in EPS by $0.03. On a six-month year-to-date basis, revenue was $3.61 billion, an increase of 8.3% from $3.33 billion for the comparable period of 2014. Parts and services organic revenue growth for the first six months of 2015 was 7.5%. Net income for the first six months of 2015 was $226.8 million, as compared to $209.5 million for the first half of 2014. Diluted earnings per share was $0.74 for the first six months of 2015, as compared to $0.69 for the comparable period of 2014. Now on to our operations. During the quarter, our North American operations benefited from various macro trends. Let me highlight few. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation the 12-month moving average for miles driven through May 2015 reached its highest level since 1990, the year they began tracking the data. For 2015, cumulative miles driven witnessed a year-over-year increase of 3.4% through May. In addition, the year-to-date average price of unleaded regular gas was $2.42 a gallon through May of 2015, compared to an average of $3.51 during the same period in 2014. This represents 31% drop in the average gas price. Also, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has improved. The average unemployment rate in Q2 of 2015 was 5.4%, compared to 6.2% for Q2 of 2014, a 13% decrease year-over-year. And lastly, new car sales continue to improve. The SAAR rate for Q2 2015 was 17.2 million units, compared to 16.6 million units for Q2 of 2014, a 4% increase year-over-year. Now some specifics on our North American business. In Q2, our North American segment had organic growth of 6.3%. On a constant currency basis, organic revenue growth was 7.2%, with the difference primarily due to the weakness in the Canadian dollar. As noted on slide eight, during the second quarter we purchased nearly 75,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 5.6% increase compared to Q2 of 2014. During Q2, the pricing at auction was flat year-over-year, but we are also buying a new vehicle compared to 2014. This younger vehicle dynamic should equate to higher top-line revenue and improve margin dollars in this line of business. Also, our North American aftermarket parts business continues to perform well, as witnessed by its positive 30-basis-point contribution year-over-year to our wholesale North American gross margins. Another important metric that we track is the number of available certified parts. On a year-over-year basis, that number of SKUs increased 18%, which is critical to our insurance partners. Lastly, in our self-service retail businesses, we acquired over 131,000 lower cost self-service and crush-only cars, as compared to 143,000 in Q2 of 2014, or roughly a 8.4% decreased. This decreased was intentional, given the downward trend in scrap prices we faced in Q1, which continued as we entered Q2. We were encouraged as Q2 progressed because we began to witness period of pricing improvement and stability in the scrap market. Though this improvement was a positive from Q1 lows, we were slightly down sequentially, and 36% year-over-year. As we enter Q3, this temporary improvement has softened due to the sluggish demand out of China and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Nick will provide some further context around scrap shortly. Now moving to our European operations. In Q2, our wholesale European segment had organic revenue growth of 10.1% and acquisition growth of 11.1%, which was offset by a decrease of 11.7% related to foreign exchange rates. ECP's continued solid performance drove organic revenue growth of 11.6% in the quarter, and for branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 7.1%. In addition, during Q2 our collision parts revenue in ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of 33%. Our UK-based insurance industry relation teams have been working diligently with our 17 insurance partners in the UK to drive increased alternative collision parts usage within their respective body shop networks. During the quarter ECP opened two additional branches, bringing our UK network to 194 branches. We anticipate operating five branches in Q3 and three additional in Q4, keeping us on track to open the 13 branches we approved for 2015. Now turning to our Sator business. During the quarter, Sator witnessed additional gross margin benefit year-over-year, primarily from the shift in its network from three step to a two step distribution model and opening of our Lyon location in France in 2014. I am particularly pleased with Sator's 6.2% organic growth in the quarter. Also during the quarter, Sator acquired six additional distributors of aftermarket automotive products in the Netherlands. These acquisitions add 10 additional branches into the market, bringing Sator's branch network to 82, getting our branch count close to being fully built up. Now to our Specialty mar – segment. Our Specialty segment continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year revenue growth of 30% in the quarter, including the benefit of Stag-Parkway, and organic revenue growth of 6.6%. With this type of growth in operational effectiveness of our Specialty segment, we recently approved a lease for a 250,000-square-foot distribution center in Washington state. This facility will allow us to improve service levels across the Pacific Northwest and Western Canada. We hope to have this facility open by the end of 2015. And lastly on Specialty, earlier this month SEMA released their annual market data report, and last year the industry increased sales for the fifth year in a row, with 2014 increasing total sales volume 8% from 2013. With our current footprint in this segment and the number of new vehicles sales projected to increase in the coming years, we believe we are well positioned for continuing the growth of this segment. Turing to corporate development. On July 8, 2015, the company announced the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of PartsChannel, Inc., an aftermarket collision parts to distributor with 14 warehouses servicing over 30 markets across the United States. PartsChannel presents attractive synergies with our existing North American aftermarket collision parts business. Following the PartsChannel announcement, on July 9, 2015, we announced the signing of the definitive agreement to acquire The Coast Distribution System, Incorporated. Coast is a leading distributor of replacement parts and supplies and accessories for recreational vehicles, primarily to retail parts and supply stores, service and repair establishments, and new and used RV dealers in North America. This tender offer began – period began July 22, 2015, and will expire at the end of the day on August 18, 2015, unless the offer is extended. Because the tender offer is not complete, we are precluded from answering any Coast-specific questions during the Q&A portion of the call. Also, on July 14, 2015, the company acquired eight self-service yards from Ecology Auto Parts, an auto recycler based in California. This acquisition of the Ecology self-service yards furthers our commitment to the – expanding our recycled parts business and overall capacity to service the significant car park and population of California. Lastly, during the quarter we also acquired a wholesale salvage business located in Alabama, and an aftermarket parts distributor in Iowa. Before I turn the call over to Nick, I would like to update everyone on a couple key projects initiated in second quarter that we anticipate will have a positive long-term impact on the company. These initiatives are highlighted on slides 10 and 11. Our European operations are growing quickly. When we acquired Euro Car Parts it had 89 branches. We've expanded that number up to 194 locations, and added 26 paint distribution locations as well. At the time of the acquisition, the initial 89 branches were supported by a single national distribution center, or NDC, in Tamworth, England. In order to support the growth, we leased two additional sites in nearby locations. Today, we are supporting that branch network out of these three locations, which is inefficient from a logistics point of view, and even with three locations we are projecting to be out of space in a few years' time. In order to remedy these issues, earlier this year we broke ground on a new leased national distribution warehouse we are calling Tamworth 2, or T2 for short, adjacent to our primary NDC. T2 will be approximately 750,000 square feet, and will include significant automated warehouse functions. We don't expect T2 to be fully operational until 2018. While we anticipate we will ultimately close two of the existing facilities, during 2016 and 2017 we will incur costs on all four. This is a large and exciting project with a strong return-on-capital profile that will provide us with a competitive advantage in the UK to further protect the business and provide a platform for continued growth, but it will require investment, both in terms of capital and transition expenses. We will give more details in the coming quarters, but for modeling purposes we are preliminarily suggesting that the project will negatively impact in EPS by $0.02 to $0.03 in 2016 and $0.07 to $0.09 in 2017, after which we expect a positive contribution. This adverse impact on EPS is primarily due to operating duplicate facilities locations during relocation and start-up. There will be some costs incurred in 2015, but these have been included in our guidance. If these costs are material in any one quarter, we will expect to disclose them separately. And second, we recently hired the services of Alix Partners, a global consulting and advisory firm, to assist us in identifying areas in which we might uncover potential operational efficiencies and improvements to maintain our market-leading positions. Simultaneously, we are working closely with Alix to find opportunities to continuously enhance the experience for both our customers and team members. While we do expect this process to yield positive financial benefits, it will take some time before we can fully implement any recommendations coming out of that review. As this project with Alix unfolds, we will keep you apprised of its impact. And at this time, I'd like to ask Nick to provide more detail and perspective on the financial results of the quarter.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks Rob, and good morning to everyone on the call. I am delighted to run you through the financial summary on the quarter, and over the next few minutes I will address the consolidated results of our company and review the performance of each of our three segments, before quickly touching on the balance sheet and addressing our revised guidance. For those of you who accessed our earnings presentation on the website, you will notice that we've included detail on both the second quarter ended June 30, as well as, for your convenience, the first six months of 2015. My comments will generally follow the flow of the presentation, but to be concise on this call, I will primarily focus on the quarterly results. The Cliff Notes portion of our financial performance in the second quarter of 2015 would be that we experienced solid revenue growth despite the continued headwinds from the strong dollar and lower commodity prices, and our businesses drove margin increases relative to the second quarter of last year. Consolidated revenue in the second quarter of 2015 was $1.84 billion, representing a 7.5% increase over last year. That reflects a 10.6% increase in revenue for parts and services, partially offset by a 20.5% decrease in other revenue, primarily related to the decline in scrap prices, which I will address in a few minutes. The components of the parts and services revenue increase include approximately 7.5% organic, plus 7.4% from acquisitions, before backing out 4.3% for FX. As noted on slide 14 of the presentation, consolidated gross margins improved 10 basis points to 39.4% during the quarter. The uptick reflected a 40 basis point improvement from operations, offset by a 30 basis point decline due to revenue mix, as the revenue growth of our European and Specialty businesses, which have lower gross margins structures, outpaced that of our North American operations. We picked up about 10 basis points of efficiencies in our operating expenses. Facility costs as a percent of revenues declined, primarily due to the shift in revenue mix towards our European and Specialty segments, which structurally have a lower facility expense. These units tend to utilize regional distribution centers, the cost of which is captured in cost of goods sold as opposed to in the facility expense line. Our distribution costs as a percent of revenue also declined relative to last year, primarily due to the lower fuel prices. These improvements were partially offset by an increase in SG&A expenses as a percent of revenue, mainly due to an expansion of our sales force and administrative personnel in Europe to support the growth of the business. Segment EBITDA totaled $233 million for the quarter, reflecting a 10% increase from 2014, and as a percent of revenue, segment EBITDA was 12.7%, a 30 basis point increase over the 12.4% recorded in the second quarter of last year. The increase in EBITDA, when combined with the lower levels of depreciation, interest expense, and restructuring costs, on both a absolute and relative basis, allows pre-tax income to increase by 16% during the second quarter of 2015 compared to the same period last year. And pre-tax margins expanded by 80 basis points to 10.1%. Our tax rate during the second quarter was 34.9% up from 34% last year. The tax rate reflects an effective rate of 35.1%, reduce a bit by few discrete items related to state taxes. As Rob mentioned, fully diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.39 compared to $0.34, up about 15%, and adjusted EPS before the restructuring charges and other items was $0.39 versus $0.35 a share, reflecting an 11% improvement. On a year-to-date basis, total revenue is up 8.3% to $3.6 billion for the first month – first six months of 2014 [sic] 2015 (20:10). Revenue from parts and services increased 11.3%, comprised of organic growth of 7.5% and the impact of acquisitions which added another 7.8%, before factoring in the negative impacts of currency movements. Gross margin for the first six months was 39.4%, reflecting a 30-basis-point decline from the prior year as the favorable experience in the second quarter could not fully offset the downtick in Q1. For the first six months, segment EBITDA margins were up 10 basis points, reflecting the continued efficiencies achieved in terms of warehousing and distribution. Fully diluted earnings per share for first six months were $0.74 compared to $0.69, reflecting a 7.2% increase, and on an adjusted basis, again before restructuring, EPS for the first six months was $0.76 compared to $0.70, or 8.6% increase. And as Rob mentioned, we estimate that for the first six months of 2015, the significant drop in scrap prices had a $0.03 negative impact on EPS, while the weak foreign currencies relative to the dollar added another $0.03 negative impact on earnings per share. As highlighted on slide 16, the composition of our revenue continues to change due to varying growth rates of our different businesses and the impact of acquisitions. Since each of our segments has a different margin structure, this mix shift can distort the trend in consolidated margins. Accordingly, we have provided some extra segment-by-segment margin information in the presentation to provide more context as to what's going on the businesses. And with that, let's get into the details on the segments. Revenue in North America during the second quarter of 2015 increased to $1.045 billion, or about 2% over 2014. This is the combination of a 6.3% organic growth in parts and services, offset by a 20% decline in other revenue, again the latter of which is due to the lower scrap prices. About half of the organic growth in parts and services was due to value, and half was due to price. You will recall that the organic growth rate of our North American parts and services business during the first quarter of 2015 was just under 5% due to the tough comparable results posted in Q1 of 2014. During the earnings call back in April, we mentioned that this growth rate would bounce back to normal levels, which it did. This was a solid quarter for our North American business. Gross margins in North America during the second quarter increased 40 basis points relative to last year, from 42% to 42.4%. This increase was primarily due to a solid 50-basis-point increase in our wholesale operations, offset by a decline at our self-service operations. On a sequential basis, the gross margin was lower than Q1, which as shown by the graph in the upper right hand corner of slide 17 is consistent with our normal seasonal trend. With respect to operating expenses, we lost 50 basis points of margin compared to the comparable quarter of 2014. On the upside, our wholesale operations tightly controlled the head count which helped reduce facility and warehousing expense as a percent of revenue. In addition, we experienced continued improvements in fuel cost relative to last year, as diesel averages $2.85 a gallon in 2015 compared to $3.94 a gallon last year. This was the primary driver behind a significant improvement in distribution expenses in North America on a percent of revenue basis. However, these positive trends were largely offset by our self-serve unit, which experienced flat operating expenses but lower revenue to both the significant decline in scrap prices and the reduction in the number of cars purchase and processed. Slide 19 takes a closer look at scrap prices over the last 18 months. You will note that the average price we realized in the second quarter of 2015 was approximately $140 a ton, or down 36% compared to the average of $217 a ton realized in Q2 of last year. In total, the lower pricing reduced our revenue for the quarter significantly, and on a year-over-year basis had approximately a $0.012 negative impact on our EPS during the quarter. So in total, EBITDA for the North American business during the second quarter of 2015 was $139 million, reflecting a 1.2% increase over the last year. EBITDA for the wholesale operations increased 11% over the prior year, while the self-serve operation saw a decline. As a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the North American segment was 13.3%, down 10 basis points over the comparable period of last year. Again, the wholesale operations experienced a solid 80-basis-point improvement in EBITDA margins, but that was more than offset by a decline at our self-service operations, again with the later largely reflecting the impact of the lower scrap prices. Moving on to our European segment, total revenue in the quarter accelerated to $510 million from $465 million. Organic growth in Europe during the quarter was 10.1%, reflecting a combination of 11.6% organic growth at ECP and 6.2% growth at Sator. And the impact of acquisitions in Europe represented an additional 11.1% increase in revenue. These gains were offset by an 11.7% decline due to the translation impact of a strong dollar, creating a negative impact on revenue and resulting in total reported growth for our European parts and services business of 9.5%. Gross margins in Europe increased to 37.9% during the quarter, a 70 basis point improvement over the comparable period of last year, and a sequential improvement of 90 basis points over Q1 of 2015. While a bit of the Q2 pick up is seasonal, we benefited from improved procurement in the UK and the internalization of the gross margin from our 2014 acquisitions in the Netherlands. These are the highest quarterly gross margins we have achieved in Europe since early 2013. With respect to operating expenses in Europe, there were some gives and takes which netted out to a wash. On the upside, we benefited from the internalization of certain delivery activities that were previously outsourced at ECP, as well as lower fuel costs. On the downside, as mentioned we had higher SG&A expenses at both ECP and Sator. European EBITDA totaled $54 million, a 17.5% increase, even after taking into account the impact of the strong dollar. As a percent of revenue, European EBITDA in the second quarter of 2015 was 10.6% versus 9.9% last year. Again, these EBITDA margins for the European segment are the best we've posted in over 18 months. We do anticipate the normal seasonal patterns will continue in 2015 and these margins will decline in the back half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. As noted on slide 22, relative to the second quarter of 2014 the pound decline 9% and the euro decline 19%. We estimate that the strong dollar reduced revenue significantly in EPS by about $0.018 during the quarter. As noted on this page, removing the impact of the currency swings would have resulted in second quarter European revenue growth of 21%, and given the margin improvement, EBITDA growth of 32%, which we believe is quite strong. Turning to the Specialty segment, revenue for the second quarter totaled $284 million, a 30% increase over the comparable quarter of 2014. Obviously the impact of the Stag acquisition in Q4 of last year accounted for the largest component of growth, but the organic growth of 6.6% was also quite strong. Gross margins in our Specialty segment for the second quarter remained generally constant with last year at 30.8% compared to 30.9%. The slight 10-basis-point decline is due to mix shift caused by the addition of the Stag business, which has lower gross margin than the core KAO operation. That said, operating expenses as a percent of revenue in Specialty were down 120 basis points as we continued to see the leverage from integrating the Stag acquisition into the Keystone infrastructure, as well as the benefit of the lower fuel prices. EBITDA for this segment was $40 million, reflecting a 42% increase over last year, and as a percent of revenue, EBITDA for the Specialty segment increased to 14.1% in 2015 compared to 13% last year. We are quite pleased with the 110 basis points expansion in EBITDA margins compared to the prior year. This is a highly seasonal business and the second quarter is by far the strongest, as demonstrated by the graph in the upper right corner of slide 23. So it is important to recognize that as we move through the back half of the year, you should expect the margins to moderate meaningfully as the selling activity moves lower. Let's move on to capital allocation, which given the working capital swings, lumpiness of capital spending and the timing of acquisitions, I think is best viewed on a year-to-date basis as presented on slide 25. You will note that our after-tax cash flow from earnings for the first six months was approximately $299 million, and we experienced a $16 million increase in working capital, resulting in approximately $283 million of cash provided by operations. The working capital uptick is the result of an increase in accounts receivable associated with our revenue growth, partially offset by a reduction in inventory as we continue to work our way down from the intentionally high balances held at year end to protect us from what we anticipated could be some potential port issues early in the year. Thus far in 2015, we have deployed $109 million of capital to support the growth of our businesses, including $67 million to fund capital expenditures and $42 million to fund acquisitions and other investments. So for the first six months we generated $174 million of free cash and we used about $150 million of that repay our debt balances. We sourced an incremental $5 million from other financing sources. The remaining $29 million was added to our liquidity, and we closed the quarter with the approximately $143 million of cash, of which $85 million is held in Europe. At June 30, we had $1.7 billion of total debt outstanding, which on a GAAP basis was approximately 2.1 times our latest 12 month EBITDA, and if you factor in the full impact of the EBITDA for the acquisitions completed over the past 12 months, and back out our cash balances, the net debt to EBITDA ratio would be approximately 1.9 times. The weighted average interest rates on our borrowings during the quarter remained constant at 3.4%, and the available capacity on our credit facility was approximately $1.2 billion, which we believe provides adequate liquidity to fund the continued growth of our business. We are focused on return metrics for our company, and for the latest 12 months both our return on equity and return on invested capital are generally consistent with the levels achieved over the past five years. You should note that we've deployed a significant amount of capital over the past few years, and investment tend to have a lower return in those early years, which clearly has an impact on the metrics. We are, however, focused on driving these higher. As noted in our press release, we have adjusted our guidance on some of the key financial metrics for the year. As it relates to organic growth for parts and services, we have tightened the full-year range from what was 6.5% to 9%, to now 7% to 8.5%. In terms of earnings per share, we are narrowing the guidance a bit to $1.38 on the low end to $1.45 on the high end, and essentially leaving the midpoint alone. This all assumes that the pound sterling, euro, and Canadian dollar remain at current levels of $1.55, $1.10 and $0.76 respectively, and importantly, that scrap remains at approximately $140 a ton. We recognize that the earnings reported today exceeded the consensus estimates for the quarter, but we would encourage folks to neither add that difference to the current annual consensus, nor extrapolate that forward to the back half of the year. In particular, it is important to be sensitive to the seasonal trends of our businesses and the historical impact that has had on the revenue and operating margins. The consensus EPS estimate for the fourth quarter is currently $0.35, which appears overly optimistic in light of the normal seasonal patterns of our business. Finally, we've adjusted guidance for the income from operations up to $450 million to reflect the slightly lower investment in working capital, and we believe the guidance for capital spending is still valid at $150 million to $180 million. And at this point, I will turn the call back over the Rob.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nick. Before we open it up for Q&A I wanted to end with a historical summary of our founding strategy and business model highlighted on slide 29, which today is still the nucleus of our company, and one that is cornerstone of our operating segments despite their unique mix of products and geographies. At founding, we saw the opportunity to create a national network of wholesale recyclers to service the North American body shop and auto repair industries. With this strategy, we look to acquire the best recycling locations with the best management teams and operators, and create a network that provided synergies through consolidating this fragmented industry. These yards, when combined in a given trading zone, would create the highest fulfillment rates in the industry, which today still holds true. This strategy continued when we entered the aftermarket collision business with the acquisition of Keystone to grow our North American alternative collision business, the European market with ECP and Sator, and the specialty space with KAO and tuck-ins like Stag-Parkway. While our European and Specialty businesses offer different products, and the vernacular can create confusion, make no mistake: The founding strategy and business model is consistent. Each of our businesses operate in fragmented markets that are ripe for consolidation. By buying the number one or number two players in the market, with the right management teams, we can begin to build a network that offers tremendous synergies and scale by offering industry-leading fill rates. Simply stated, in the vehicle parts business the distributor that has the part readily available, and can get it to the customer on time, wins the sale. We believe that we can offer that capability across all of our segments, and with more runway to grow. With this core strategy and operation model, I am confident that our team of over 30,000 employees will continue to add long-term value for our customers and stockholders. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. Our first question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Also thanks for slide presentation and guidance commentary. All of that has been very helpful today. Nick, first question on guidance, I just want to be clear, does it include either PartsChannel or Coast?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, they do. We're not anticipating that either of those are going to have material impact, Craig, on the back half for the year. It's going to take some time to get them fully integrated and the like. And obviously with Coast, we have to wait to see the results of the tender offer.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. And then with respect to the Tamworth DC, on slide 10 it looks like it'll cost $0.09 to $0.12 over the balance of two years. Could you frame the actual cost of the project and how much of that would be capitalized versus expensed?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well – Craig, this is Nick. Ultimately we're going to lease the facility, but all of the kind of the inner workings, if you will, are going to be capitalized and then depreciated over time. It's a fairly large investment on our behalf, it's on the order of £75 million, so it's quite significant. We have to start paying rent when we take possession of the facility, which will be in early 2016. But it's going to take us some time to fit it out and get it up and running, the better part of a couple years, and so that's why Rob mentioned that we're going to have kind of duplicate rental expense for – because we're going to have four facilities for period of time, before getting down to two.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then on a related note, I know you've taken greater care to understand future expectations in terms of what's embedded in consensus expectations. I guess I'm wondering, looking ahead to 2016 and 2017, although you haven't provided guidance, is it possible that none of us have really anticipated these costs, given that this is the first time you've really talked about them?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That would be my expectation, Craig, because we did want to get this out to the investment community as soon as we had a pretty good sense as to what was going to mean. We understand that a number of folks do longer-term projections, and there was no way for them to have an understanding as to what may be coming their way related to these projects.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's helpful. Thanks, and we'll get back in the queue.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning, gentlemen.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Nate.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, couple things. One, it was nice to see the uptick in the gross margins across the board, and I know that fuel obviously helped on the distribution expense. But minus the normal seasonality and any impact from future acquisitions that might come in a little bit negatively, and I know that we have a little bit of mix shift, but apple to apples, are you guys fairly comfortable that we can kind of continue on a more stable run rate on the gross margin line?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Nate this is Nick. I think you have to take a look at that on a business unit by business unit basis, and that's why we provided the additional disclosure with respect to gross margins. You will see there is some quarterly fluctuations in the overall margin structures of the business. We provided the, basically the gross margins over the last six quarters, so we can kind of take that into account as well. The back half of the year in North America, the margins tend to be generally consistent with the second quarter but obviously down from the first quarter; European margins as well. There's a little bit of fluctuation, and then – so we would encourage you to take a look at the historical seasonal patterns, because that's the best guidance as to where we may head in the future.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then regarding the Alix project, obviously I think that that probably makes sense with where you are in your kind of build-out of the North American business. Is that kind of signal that there might be an opportunity overall to maybe enhance the operating margins a little bit, in terms of just some network efficiency? Is that one of the overall goals of that project, or is there something else embedded in that?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, that's exactly it, Nate. We've been a very decentralized company, and what we challenged ourselves to do was to figure out how that maintain that entrepreneurial spirit, yet get some operational efficiencies. So with that in mind, we focused on four key components that we are looking at. One is our sales organization; second is logistics, the fleet, because we have thousands of trucks on the road every day; purchasing, getting some more purchasing synergies; and then looking at our dismantling capabilities and how to get some best practices across our region. So yeah, we do expect some operating efficiencies to come, likely in 2016, mid-2016 we'll start seeing those results come through. But you're spot on, we wanted to make sure we had that entrepreneurial spirit still in the company; that's what the base of this company has been so successful on. So we're going to get the best of both worlds though this project. Assuming it goes the way we expect it to, we will look at Europe at some point, of doing the same process over there.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then final question, in terms of the ECP facility – and I get the fact that maybe we didn't anticipate the costs, upfront costs for that. But I assume that that's an indication, though, in terms of the bigger picture, where the opportunity is, not only in terms of new parts injection but in terms of just being a little bit more efficient with your distribution capability. In combining those facilities, I assume that the collision network's going to be a little bit more integrated with the mechanical side. So I mean, ultimately, that should get you a lot of synergies out of that, and probably a sign of positive things to come in terms of the potential volume growth that we could get out of that. Is that a fair assessment?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's right on. We're operating out of three buildings now; we are going to go to two eventually. The three buildings, by the way, are roughly 20 miles apart from each other as well. These are literally separated by a retention pond, these two buildings in Tamworth. So we will get some operating efficiencies for sure. And the automation that's coming with it as well will provide some nice pick up there as well, so... And finally, the other major aspects of doing it is to prepare for future growth. As I said in my remarks, Nate, that we have three buildings and we're already pushing the limits of those, so getting two in the same footprint will be greatly enhancing our capabilities to our customers.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then one last quick check-the-backs question and then I'll turn it over, but any update on State Farm?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Same. We still want to be meeting with them constantly, no decisions have been made, but as far as chrome and bumpers go I can give you an update on that. Quarter, up 16.9%, so they clearly are driving that product type for us. And fingers crossed that they came back here soon.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Nate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, and good morning.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jamie.
Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Congratulations by the way on a nice quarter. And let me just add on, the slides, thanks to Joe and Nick and team for all your hard work there. They are tremendously helpful. If I may, looking at your guidance, it looks like your – you've tightened your net income guidance but haven't really move the midpoint there, and yet your net cash from Ops guidance is up by $25 million. So I wanted to get into a little bit more detail as to what's driving that? And then maybe to sort of fast forward to a free cash flow question, how many more years do you expect to have this elevated level of CapEx to support things like the DC in the UK, the DC in Washington state and so forth? And are there any other big opportunities to invest in your future growth, sort of globally? Thanks.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll start with the guidance. Again, we tightened up the range a little bit, essentially left the midpoint alone. The uptick on the free cash flow is basically a sense that our working capital needs are going to be less than we originally anticipated. And so we pulled in the net income range, $5 million off the top and up from the bottom. But it's really the working capital that's driving the $25 million uptick in free cash flow. All of our – most of our capital spending is to support the growth of our business, Our rough estimate is about 75% of what we spend is growth-orientated, as opposed to repair and replacement and the like. As long as there are really good opportunities to continue to grow our business, we will deploy capital behind our businesses. Obviously something like Tamworth, that maybe a once-in-a-moon kind of event for our companies, something that size and scale. But there are other situations across North America where we are going to be expanding warehouses, going into new distribution facilities to support the continued growth of our business.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I just want to add one thing to that, Jamie. As a percent of revenue, our capital has been pretty much in line. So to Nick's point, as long as there's opportunities to continue to grow the business, it will stay in line with that percentage of revenue.
Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understood. And just if I may, a quick follow-up, just a housekeeping item. Rob, you've talked about alternative parts usage historically in the U.S. and UK. Are there any update you can provide based on the data you're seeing in those markets? It's still around 9%, I assume, in the UK, and 37%-ish in the U.S., but I wanted to get your insights there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That is correct. A little bit less in the U.S., circa 36% to 37%, it's been right in the middle there, teetering between the two. But we expected that in the U.S. with the recent surge in the new car park. We're seeing the same thing actually over the UK a little bit, with a strong SAAR rate right now, but we do expect as these new cars get into the sweet spot outside of three years, we are going to start seeing an uptick in the AP usage here in the U.S..
Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very good. Thanks again, and good luck in the third quarter.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Actually, just one last thing, as we highlight in the slide deck, in our investor deck, is the part count. I just wanted to give a quick update on that. There are actually up to 9.1 parts per estimate now, versus 7.9 just five years ago. So we are seeing more parts get on the estimate, and that's why we're kind of bullish, what we think is going to happen as these cars get into our sweet spot at three years we are going to see that growth in the AP usage.
Jamie J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please proceed with your company – your question.
Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ben.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Just quickly on the UK collision side, you've talked in the past about the pilot program with insurance carriers. Any update there, what kind of progress you're making and what that pipeline looks like?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we're still at 17 carriers right now, Ben, in the program, which amounted to about 80% of the UK insurance base. So it's probably going to be at that number for a while. No one has pulled out of the program, and as I mentioned in my remarks, a 33% increase. So still getting traction and still heading in the right direction. As we've mentioned on previous calls, once we get our 322 built out, our three step to two step in the Netherlands, we will be introducing collision parts there with – many of the same carriers that write in the UK also write on the continent. So we are probably couple quarters away from launching some kind of program on the continent.
Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, very good. Secondly, looking at the Unipart branches, how have those progressed since you've made those acquisitions? Are they comping in line with the chain? What does profitability at those look like? What your thoughts on the progress there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll talk about the – what we've been able to integrate. We've pretty much opened every one of those stores that we did, that we targeted. Remember, some – we closed two stores to make one, we either closed the ECP store or we closed the Unipart store brought in. That has been done. And we are starting to see the benefits of that. The employees are fully trained now our systems and taking phone calls, as we do in our normal course of business. As far as the profitability, it does kind of get melded in there into the overall mix, and – but we're very pleased with what we've done there, and as I said, we have 194 branches now, so we are certainly at the tail end of our build-out of 200 to 225, and we anticipate that being done in the next couple of years.
Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Great. Lastly from me, we saw some pretty severe flooding in Texas. I'd be interested to hear if those cars are showing up at auction yet, what they look like? I would think with your predisposition toward buying higher quality vehicles, those would be a good fit for you, but just any commentary or color there would be helpful?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll go back to my days at the auction business. Those are great cars, as – in terms of their quality. Freshwater floods are really great because there's no body damage. We have not seen them start to flow through the auction yet. There is generally a lag of about 45 to 60 days before the pools can get access to the titles, but we do expect some really good salvage to be coming through.
Ben S. Bienvenu - Stephens, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Best of luck.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please proceeds with your questions.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys. I'll also add my appreciation for these slides. I think there are very helpful. Are there any construction costs for the Tamworth DC built into the second half of 2015 in your guidance?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There are some just ancillary costs related to the project, Bill, but nothing of significance. Again, right now it's under construction as you can see by the slide that we put into the deck. It's a pretty massive facility, but ultimately the landlord is incurring those expenses. Obviously there's some broader project-related activities as we continued to plan out for the outfitting of the facility and the like, but nothing material.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. In terms of the auction environment, can you talk about your average price that you paid per car for the quarter versus a year ago, and what you're seeing in the auctions overall in terms of supply and pricing trends?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure, Bill. This is Rob. Our salvage cost was basically flat. It was about $4 better a vehicle, but again we are buying a younger vehicle, so we know we're buying a better vehicle. On the self-service side of the business – really not so much in the auction, but we do buy some – we were down $81 to an average of – well, just under $400, which is all scrap-related. In terms of the volume at the auctions, very consistent. We track the number of cars at the auctions we visit; they're pretty much flat to slightly up. So plenty of availability. We're still only buying roughly 6% to 7% of the auction, so plenty of availability to keep driving the top line.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then in terms of vehicle miles driven, we know in the U.S. that we've had a pretty strong increase this year. Do you have any data for that in the UK or the Netherlands, by any chance?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do not have that available. We know the SAAR rate is up, but we do not have miles driven on a European basis. But we'll have Joe get back to you on that.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Please proceed with your question.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Yes. Just a question on ECP's organic growth rate for the branches open more than 12 months. It came down a little bit in the quarter versus historical trends, and I was wondering if there were any one-time factors there? Or is that the rate we should expect going forward, just given the maturity of the branches?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, couple factors going on there, Jason. Certainly when we bought the business in 2011 with 89 locations, the 90th, the 91st to the 100th branch were obviously the lowest-hanging fruit. So we're getting at the tail end of that, so that's having a little bit of impact there. There is a surge of new cars as I just mentioned, so that's going to be a little bit of a headwind for the time being, until those cars get out of warranty. One thing that I do want to add, and we show that 12 month and over, that it does include our paint locations now. So that does drag it down a little bit. And then just one last point on that. In talking to our suppliers, they say that the market is generally a little soft right now. They equate it to the new car sales going up a little bit, and just general market conditions. They do expect it to rebound, so I think you'll still see mid- to high-single-digit growth out of the stores open more than 12 months. You take the paint out of there, it's actually little bit higher. But we are expecting, with the new stores as well as the stores in general, still double-digit growth here for the balance of the year.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: That's helpful. And then, how should be thinking about foreign currency and scrap for the second half for the year?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. If you take a look at the slide where we've kind of set out the historical scrap prices, right, in Q1 the comparison was $224 versus $141; in Q2, $217 in last year, $140 this year; Q3 of last year was $215; so scrap remained pretty steady last year. And if you assume that it's going to stay in the $140 range, we would expect – we lost a couple pennies in the first quarter, a penny in the second quarter, there is chance that there is a half a penny to a penny yet in Q3. By Q4, where the comparison gets a little bit better – Q4 of last year was $187, so if scrap stays at $140, it'd be probably more of a rounding error, if you will. So maybe another half a penny to a penny. On the FX, you can go through the same analysis. Really for the first three quarters of last year, the currencies stayed pretty consistent. On the euro, $1.37, $1.37, $1.33 for the first three quarters of last year. The pound sterling, $1.66, $1.68, $1.67. And so, it was – we talked about $0.02 in FX last quarter, it was actually $0.016 and rounded up. This quarter was another couple pennies, but again it's a rounding up, so $0.03 for the first six months. We're probably going to be in that same range for Q3, so think about maybe a penny and a half, plus or minus. In Q4, both the sterling and the euro started to drop a little bit, so probably a little bit less in Q4. We thought originally FX would hit us for $0.04 to $0.05. Last call, you may remember we talked about that the $0.08 to $0.10 from scrap and FX was probably going to get flipped, probably $0.06 or so from FX, and that's not a bad estimate.
Jason A. Rodgers - Great Lakes Review: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys. I think I have – the last question here just asked the same question I was going to ask. We're still looking at those same ranges for FX and scrap to impact your EPS guidance for this year, correct? I think it was like $0.03 to $0.04 for scrap and $0.05 to $0.06 for FX?
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct. Again, scrap ended the quarter right around $137, $138. There's a lot of noise coming out of China about economic growth and the like, and there are some folks out there forecasting that, that scrap will get little bit softer here. We're assuming, at this point at time, a kind of a steady state on scrap. We'll have to see what the Fed does with interest rates and the impact that has to do on the dollar, but again, we're assuming that rates are going to stay relatively constant at $1.55 for the pound and about $1.10 for the euro.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Is scrap all really predicated on what goes on in China? Because I know Turkey is a big buyer of scrap, too. Are you hearing anything out of there?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Those are the two countries, Gary, you are right. I have not heard much out of Turkey, it's really China is the big one. The domestic mills seem to be doing okay. But Turkey and China will definitely drive the exporting, for sure.
Gary Frank Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Jordan (59:42) with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning guys.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Brett (59:47).
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: In the Benelux, what percentage of your revenues are two step versus three now? Maybe you can give us some color what the spread on the margin is in those channels?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We'll have to get back to you on that, Brett (60:03).
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And part of it is, it's hard because once we make the acquisitions, it all gets integrated, if you will, into the – into our financial system. So it's not like we have a bunch of standalone P&Ls that we then roll up at the end of the month and the end of the quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess on PartsChannel, can you give us any color on what their productivity looked like versus your own aftermarket parts business?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry, their productivity?
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. Were they generally generating similar profits to you, or were they less productive because they had smaller scale?
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we'll be able to pull their margin up to ours, Brett (60:45), and they did get us into a few new markets, interestingly enough. So yeah, their margins were generally a little bit lower than ours, and they will come up to our numbers.
Unknown Speaker: All right, great, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we look forward to speaking to you in October when we report our Q3 results. Have a great day, everybody.
Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Executive Officer of European Operations and Managing Director of European Operations Dominick P. Zarcone - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Russell Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our first quarter 2015 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Nick Zarcone, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Quinn, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of our European operations. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Also, note that guidance for 2015 is based on current conditions, including acquisitions completed through March 31, 2015, and excludes any impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, loss on debt extinguishment and capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Hopefully everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. In Q1, revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.77 billion, an increase of 9.1% as compared to $1.63 billion in the first quarter of 2014. Net income for the first quarter of 2015 was $107.1 million, an increase of 2.3%, as compared to $104.7 million for the same period of 2014. Diluted earnings per share of $0.35 for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015, increased 2.9% from $0.34 for the first quarter of 2014. Please note that adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2015 would have been $0.36 compared to $0.35 for the first quarter of 2014 after adjusting for net losses resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, loss on debt extinguishment in 2014 and the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 7.5% for the quarter, following an extremely tough comp from last year. I am particularly pleased with the sequential improvement in the EBITDA margin of our wholesale European segment, which increased 130 basis points in the quarter. Nick will provide more color around margins momentarily. Now moving on to operations. During the first quarter, we purchased nearly 70,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 3.1% decrease compared to Q1 2014. I want to put some context around the drop in our dismantling procurement. During our third quarter 2014 earnings call, I indicated that we adjusted our procurement strategy for our salvage inventory by focusing on buying a better quality car that would part-out for additional revenue. The intent of this strategy was to drive incremental revenue and gross margin dollars. Though we are still working through the selling cycle, I am encouraged with the initial results, despite lower procurement volumes. Since implementing this strategy, our salvage organic revenue growth has outperformed our overall North American organic growth. Thus far, in Q2, sequentially, our procurement and pricing are trending favorably with ample volume at the auction. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory for our recycled parts operations. In our self-service retail business, during the first quarter, we acquired approximately 100,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars as compared to 120,000 in Q1 of 2014 or roughly a 16% decrease. Similar to last quarter, this decrease was intentional given the continued downward trend in scrap prices and a continued pressure on margins. Also, regarding scrap, it is important to note that scrap will continue to become a smaller portion of our global revenue mix, which we believe will reduce our exposure to unexpected surprises in our earnings stream. For further context on this point, at the end of Q1 2011, a period before we diversified our business into Europe and Specialty, the other revenue line was over 16% of our revenue versus 7.3% at the end of Q1 2015. Lastly, in North America, in April 2015, we renewed our designed patent license agreement with Ford. The license agreement grants LKQ the exclusive right to distribute aftermarket replicas of Ford automotive parts covered by U.S. design patents. The renewal is on a substantially the same terms as the previous agreement, except that the term now extends until March of 2020. LKQ and Ford have forged a mutually beneficial relationship that helps ensure that customers continue to have a choice between original equipment and non-OE automotive parts. Now moving to our European operations. In Q1, our Wholesale European segment had acquisition growth of 12.7% and organic revenue growth of 14%, which was offset by a decrease of 10.7% related to the foreign exchange rates. ECP continued its double-digit performance by posting organic revenue growth of 16.8% in the quarter and for branches opened more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 10.2%. In addition, during Q1, our collision parts revenue with ECP had year-over-year revenue growth of approximately 34%, despite a mild U.K. winter. We believe that this growth demonstrates that our 17 insurance partners in the U.K. recognize the value proposition of our alternative parts offering. During the quarter, ECP opened a total of 3 branches, bringing our network total to 192 branch locations. Turning to our Sator business. During the quarter, Sator witnessed some gross margin benefit year-over-year, primarily from the shift in its network from a 3-step to a 2-step model. I am particularly pleased with Sator's 5.3% organic growth in the quarter. We believe that we've successfully weathered any further fallout from our customer base as a result of this new distribution model. Also, during the quarter, Sator acquired 2 additional distributors of aftermarket automotive products in the Netherlands, 1 of which closed on April 1. These 2 acquisitions added an additional 8 locations in the market, bringing Sator's branch network to 72. As I noted on our last call, additional acquisitions in the pipeline and the innovative partner strategy should see us complete our national footprint in the Netherlands by the year end with a target count of circa 80 branches. Now on to the Specialty segment. Our Specialty segment continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year revenue growth of 36% in the quarter, including the benefit of Stag Parkway and organic revenue growth of 6.3%. In Q1, our Specialty team made continued progress on synergy and cost-saving initiatives with Stag Parkway by closing and integrating 4 additional warehouses. We expect the balance of the identified Stag locations to be closed and fully integrated by year-end. Turning to our acquisition activity and pipeline. In addition to the Netherlands distributors, during the first quarter of 2015, the company also acquired a salvage business located in Nebraska. I am pleased with the diligent efforts of our development team and our team's ongoing integration efforts. We continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunities to acquire businesses that fit our growth strategy in each operating segment. At this time, I'd like to ask John and Nick to provide more detail and perspective on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I'll give a little color on the overall company results. In a moment, Nick will address the segment details, the balance sheet and the guidance. Q1 2015 saw LKQ reach a number of significant milestones. It was our first quarter with revenue reaching an annualized run rate over $7 billion with a Q1 revenue annualizing of $7.1 billion. And this is also the first time we exceeded $210 million of EBITDA in a quarter. These accomplishments were completed even in the face of a severe drop of scrap steel prices. Getting to the specifics in the quarter, beginning with revenue, our Q1 2015 revenue were $1,774,000,000, was an increase of $148 million compared to Q1 last year, or an increase of 9.1%. For Q1, our total organic revenue growth was 5.1% and we delivered an additional growth of 7.5% from acquisitions with foreign exchange negatively impacting total revenue by 3.4%. Rob mentioned that the Q1 2015 organic growth of Parts and Services was 7.5%. We completed 2 small acquisitions in Q1 2015, which were and are expected to be immaterial to revenue. Total change in other revenue, which is where we recorded our scrap commodity sales was negative 17.4%. That was mainly due to the negative organic growth of 17.7% with a small acquisition growth in foreign exchange almost offsetting each other. As Rob mentioned, we saw purchases of cars down in the quarter year-over-year. In the recycling line of business, we've been targeting a better quality car, whereas in the self-service line of business, we adjusted our buying to account for the difficult scrap environment, a process we started in Q4 2014. Some of that volume decrease will impact Q2 when we scrap those cars. The decrease in volume offset some of the fall in scrap steel prices we experienced year-over-year and helped reduce the impact of lower scrap compared to what we had anticipated on the February call. The average price we received for scrap steel was approximately 37% lower year-over-year at $141 per ton this year versus $224 per ton in Q1 2014. Other revenue was 7.3% of total revenue as compared to 9.6% for the same period last year and has continued the trend of becoming a lower percentage of and less significant to, our total revenue. In Q1 2015, revenue for our Self-serve business was $85 million or 4.8% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 42% of this revenue was parts sales included in North American parts and services revenue and 58% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. A year ago, in Q1 2014, our Self-serve business was 6.4% of our revenue and that percentage has been falling as scrap prices fell and as we've grown our other lines of business. Our reported gross margin for Q1 2015 was $699 million or 39.4% of revenue, a decline of approximately 70 basis points from our gross margin percentage of 40.1% in Q1 2014. Fifty basis points of the decline was due to mix with lower-margin European and Specialty businesses growing faster than North America. North American margins were 10 basis points lower, which is primarily due to scrap pricing. We estimated that the drop in scrap prices impacted EPS by $0.02, which equates to approximately $10 million of gross margin impact. Without this headwind, North American would have seen improvement in gross margins. Specialty gross margins were lower, primarily due to the acquisitions we completed in Q4 of 2014. Moving on to operating expenses. Facility and warehouse cost improved from 7.8% of revenue in Q1 2014 to 7.5% in Q1 this year. This improvement is primarily due to mix caused by the growth in our Specialty and European segments, which tend to run lower facility costs than the North American segment. Distribution costs were 8% of revenue this quarter, down from 8.4% in the same quarter of last year. The primary reason for this improvement was due to lower fuel expenses. Selling and G&A expenses increased from 11.4% of revenue in Q1 last year to 11.5% in Q1 this year. This reflects cost in the Netherlands associated with the move to a 2-step distribution model, which was responsible for a 20-basis-point increase and that was offset by a 10-basis-point improvement in the Specialty segment as we achieved synergies following the acquisitions. The combination of facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A costs was 27% of revenue in Q1 2015 as compared to 27.6% in Q1 2014. It's worth noting that the drop in other revenues was probably masking additional leverage we achieved in the base business. It's hard to accurately quantify the exact impact, but as I've pointed out in the past, other revenue tends to incur very little incremental cost on these line items. So it's likely an improvement in leverage being masked by the lower scrap in core revenue. We estimate this improvement in the 30 to 50 basis-point range. During Q1 2015, we recorded $6.5 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, up from $3.3 million in Q1 last year. The 2015 cost primarily related to the restructuring cost in the Specialty segment. Depreciation and amortization was 1.7% of revenue during Q1 this year as compared to 1.6% of revenue in Q1 2014, reflecting higher capital spending and the impact of acquisitions on amortization. Other expenses, net, increased to $16.8 million in the 3 months ended March 31, 2015, compared to $15.1 million in the same period last year, an increase of $1.7 million. Year-over-year, net interest expense and loss on debt extinguishment was $1.5 million favorable, offset by contingent consideration liabilities, which were $1.4 million of unfavorable and greater foreign exchange losses of $1.8 million. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.4%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.5% compared to 34.0% in Q1 last year. The increase rate reflects mix with a higher portion of pretax income in the higher tax rate United States and a $700,000 unfavorable discrete charge in Q1 2015. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.35 in Q1 2015 compared to $0.34 in Q1 2014, an improvement of 2.9%. Adjusting for the combination of acquisition-related expenses, contingent purchase price adjustments and the loss on the debt extinguish, EPS would have been $0.01 higher both this year and last. So on an adjusted basis, Q1 2015 would've been $0.36 as compared to $0.35 last year. I'd also point out that the strengthening U.S. dollar causes our reported foreign exchange earnings to be lower. We estimate the net impact of the stronger dollar added $0.02 negative impact on Q1 2015 earnings per share. With that, I'd like to pass over to Nick Zarcone to provide some details regarding these segments and some color on our outlook.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'm delighted to be part of the LKQ leadership team and I look forward to sharing our financial results with you for many quarters to come. While John has provided an overview of our consolidated results, I'd like to take a few minutes to address our 3 segments: North America, Europe, and Specialty products, particularly as it relates to some of the margin dynamics. North American parts and services revenue during the first quarter grew 5.1% compared to last year, most of which represented organic growth. You may recall that Q1 of 2014 was a particularly harsh winter, which resulted in our then-strongest ever quarter. So we knew it was going to be a tough comparison and we are very pleased with these results. In Europe, revenue was up 16% on a year-over-year basis with organic growth of 14% and acquisition growth of 12.7% being modified by the 10.7% negative impact in the movement in FX rates. To put that latter point into perspective, converting the Q1 2015 local currency results, including the acquired revenue at the lower exchange rates, reduced European revenue by approximately $60 million compared to where revenue would have been had the FX rates remained constant at 2014 levels. And as mentioned, revenue for the Specialty segment grew 36%, combining 6% organic growth and 31% acquisition growth, the latter being the result of the Stag Parkway acquisition that was completed in Q4 of 2014. So organic growth from parts and services was 7.5% on a global basis, which is consistent with the guidance provided during our last call. And as mentioned by John, the significant drop in scrap prices led to a 17% decline in other revenue, bringing total organic growth down to 5.1%. When thinking about profitability, it is important to remember that each of our 3 operating segments have different margin characteristics, with our North American segment historically having the highest gross margin and EBITDA margins. As a result, when looking over time periods, a significant portion of the change in margins on a consolidated basis can be attributable to the change in revenue mix. In the first quarter of 2015, North America fell to 59% of global revenue compared to 63.3% during the comparable period of 2014. This largely reflects the impact of the acquisitions in our European and Specialty businesses during 2014, which have further diversified the revenue stream. As highlighted in the press release, consolidated EBITDA margins fell from 12.5% in the first quarter of 2014 to 12% in the first quarter of 2015. Most all of that change was the result of 2 items: one, higher restructuring cost related to the integration of Stag Parkway into our Specialty business as we closed overlapping facilities, incurred-related moving expenses and terminated redundant staff; second, we experienced an increase in the losses from unconsolidated subsidiaries. Importantly, segment EBITDA, which excludes the impact of restructuring charges and the results of unconsolidated subs, increased 7.9% in the first quarter compared to last year to $221 million from $205 million. Segment EBITDA margins were 12.5% in the most recent quarter compared to 12.6% last year. Again, most all of the change was due to a shift in our revenue mix. Gross margins in North America were slightly lower in Q1 of 2015, as improved pricing on the aftermarket side was more than offset by a decline in the salvage margins, particularly due to the significant decline in scrap prices and the change in purchasing strategy that Rob mentioned toward newer, higher-priced salvage vehicles, which generate higher parts sales and dollars but slightly lower gross margins. EBITDA margins of the North American segment were 14.3% during the most recent quarter, which is up 10 basis points from the first quarter of 2014. As one would expect, given the seasonality of the business, on a sequential basis, first quarter margins were up significantly from the 12.8% we reported in Q4 of last year. Remember, Q1 tends to be our strongest quarter of the year in this segment. Notwithstanding the negative drag related to the lower scrap prices, these are the best Q1 margins posted by our North American segment in several years as we experienced leverage in the distribution system due in part to the decline in fuel prices. The gross margin of our Specialty segment fell about 80 basis points due to the acquisition of the Stag Parkway RV-related business in Q4 of 2014. Stag Parkway traditionally has had lower gross margins than our KAO operation. That said, EBITDA margins for the Specialty segment increased by 40 basis points to 10.5% in Q1 of 2015 compared to 10.1% in Q1 of the prior year and ahead of the seasonal low of 7.3% recorded in Q4 of last year. This was largely due to the realization of logistic synergies associated with the rationalizing the distribution network of the acquired business. So it was an excellent performance for this segment and solid evidence that the integration of the recent acquisition is on track. With respect to Europe, gross margins in the first quarter remained constant with the comparable period of 2014. We experienced a slight decline in gross margins in the U.K. related to a shift in revenue toward national accounts, but that was wholly offset by an increase in margin on the continent, reflecting the internalization of incremental gross margin from the acquired distributors as part of our 3 to 2 distribution strategy. As you may recall, the EBITDA margins of our European segment fell by approximately 150 basis points in the second half of 2014 due to 4 primary items: first, there was an aggressive planned ramp in new ECP branches; second, there was an unexpected opportunity to add more than 20 branches from Unipart when it was shut down. Collectively, this resulted in the addition of 44 new branches in the U.K. during 2014, a majority of which hit in the second half of the year. As you know, it takes several quarters for new branches to breakeven and a few years to reach maturity. Clearly, the acceleration and branch openings had a depressing impact on margins; third, as discussed during the last call, there was some price discounting in the marketplace as all the participants sought to replace Unipart as the preferred vendor at select clients when Unipart was shut down. We believe most of that is behind us. And finally, as part of our 3-to-2 distribution strategy in the Benelux region, we had purchased 5 of our former distributor customers in the second half of 2014 and under U.S. GAAP, we were not able to record a profit on the inventory we had previously sold to these distributors, which depressed margins at Sator. While we will continue to buy other distributor customers as we work to complete the migration to a 2-step distribution model, the impact will likely be less than what was experienced in 2014. Those 4 items all had a negative impact on EBITDA margins in the second half of 2014, but we knew with time, the impact would begin to fade. Importantly, if given the same set of circumstances, we would absolutely make the same decisions to grow the business as they were in the best long-term interest of the company and our shareholders. While EBITDA margins of our European segment in Q1 of 2015 were 9.5%, down 30 basis points from the 9.8% reported in Q1 of last year, the entire decline was due to foreign currency transaction losses, including the impact of foreign currency contracts used to hedge the purchase of inventory. Importantly, EBITDA margins in Q1 of 2015 improved by 130 basis points from the 8.2% recorded in Q4 of last year. While some of the improvements is seasonal, we believe the residual impact of our decisions to aggressively grow the European business last year are beginning to abate. Moving on to the key cash flow items for the company as a whole. Funds from operations during Q1 of 2015 totaled $180 million compared to $97 million in Q1 of last year. While we realized a $10 million increase in consolidated EBITDA, the real benefit came from an improvement in working capital since year end as we experienced a reduction in inventories and an increase in payables. You may recall that we accelerated our purchases of aftermarket inventory in Q4 of 2014 in anticipation of some potential issues with the U.S. ports on the West Coast. So this decline was a temporary move and we fully anticipate inventories will grow as we proceed throughout the year. During the quarter, we used $34 million of our cash for long-term investments. This included approximately $26 million of capital expenditures and $8 million of other investments, including acquisitions. The resulting net cash flow of $146 million was used to repay down approximately $80 million of our debt and to build our cash on hand. At the end of Q1, we had approximately $1.7 billion of debt outstanding and $175 million of cash balances. The available capacity under our revolving credit agreement at the end of the quarter was just north of $1.2 billion which, when you add the cash balances, resulted in approximately $1.4 billion of available liquidity. Total debt to the latest 12-month EBITDA was about 2.2x. And if you factor in the full year impact of EBITDA for the acquired businesses, the ratio fell to approximately 2.0x. So we believe we have more than ample ability to finance the continued growth of our business. Finally, we are not changing the guidance provided in late February. We still expect organic revenue growth from Parts and Services will be in the range of 6.5% to 9%. Our net income and earnings per share guidance ranges are $420 million to $450 million, or $1.36 to $1.46 a share, respectively. And our guidance for capital expenditures is $150 million to $180 million with cash flow from operations of approximately $425 million. I would like to highlight a few of the changes we have seen in the business since February and give you some indication as to why we have decided to leave the guidance unchanged, even after a solid first quarter. The organic growth of 7.5% we reported for Parts and Services was in line with our prior guidance. While there will be periodic fluctuations due to weather or other events, we expect the fundamental drivers of that growth to continue. We believe that in North America the number of vehicles in our sweet spot will continue to grow and the trends of higher miles driven will help. In Europe, we will continue to get the benefit of the new branch openings of the past few years and the growth of our collision and e-commerce businesses. On our February earnings call, we discussed that we expected the negative impact from falling scrap prices to be $0.05 to $0.06 a share, primarily spread over the first 2 quarters with an emphasis in Q1. The impact of scrap prices in Q1 was only $0.02 a share. So basically, a $0.01 or $0.02 less than we had anticipated. Assuming current scrap prices hold, we now anticipate the full year impact to scrap will be $0.03 to $0.04 a share compared to the $0.05 to $0.06 we anticipated back in February. In other words, at current levels, we expect scrap to continue to hit earnings per share for $0.01 or $0.02 in the second quarter. The other item we discussed last quarter was the impact of foreign exchange. The currencies continued to be volatile and, as noted, the impact on Q1 earnings per share was $0.02 a share. While the pound is currently trading in a range similar to when we issued our original guidance in February, the average exchange rate for the euro during April is down a bit further. So depending on where the currencies move during the remainder of the year, the initial estimate of FX having a $0.04 to $0.05 negative impact on the earnings per share might be light by a $0.01. So in total, we believe that the combined negative impact of scrap and FX, which was estimated in February at approximately $0.08 to $0.10 a share for the year is still a reasonable estimate. In terms of putting some high-level characterization on the quarter's results, I would say that we believe we saw a strong performance in all of the lines of business. North America continues to benefit from the trends we discussed earlier. As we anticipated on the last call, we saw the European segments starting to snap back from its soft performance in the second half of 2014. And while some of that is simply seasonal, we also benefited from better sales, margins and cost controls. And the integration plans in the Specialty business are on track. The key message is that the underlying business -- the underlying business is progressing very much according to our plans and our balance sheet is in great shape to provide us the flexibility needed to continue to execute our strategy. Before I turn the conversation back over to Rob, I just wanted to mention that over the past few weeks, I've received a few questions from the investment community as to why I decided to join LKQ. While major career changes are never simple, it really boiled down to 2 key items. First, I believe the growth potential of LKQ is significant. How often do you have an opportunity to join a company that is a clear leader in its core categories and markets around the globe and still has organic growth rates that are 3x to 4x that of GDP? And there are still very significant potential to grow through acquisition. That affords an opportunity for me to help build the company into a substantially larger enterprise in the foreseeable future. Second, I have known the company, and more importantly, the leadership team for a very, very long time. I understand the culture, core values and the absolute integrity of the organization, and that reduces the natural risk inherent in a move. Overall, it simply created an opportunity I couldn't pass up. And I will now turn the discussion back to Rob for a wrap-up before Q&A.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Nick. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our first quarter 2015 results. And as always, we could not do it without the dedication of our 29,000-plus employees. LKQ was founded in 1998 with a goal of forming the largest nationwide provider of recycled OEM automotive products. We achieved that objective yet have more runway to expand in that particular line of business across our existing North American network and into new geographies. With the acquisition of Keystone Automotive Industries in 2007 and ECP in 2011, we diversified our company into different markets, products and geographies with the intent of expanding the use of all alternative parts globally, both in the professional mechanical and collision repair. Though on the surface some segments and geographies look different, our strategies remain the same: identifying niche markets ripe for consolidation that offer combined synergies and network leverage; seek to acquire the #1 or #2 player with outstanding management in each segment; focus on sound return metrics and strive for the highest fill rates in our operating segments. With this strategy, we continue to believe that LKQ is a unique company, not just because of the strength of our business model and operating segments, but also because of the consistent growth we are able to deliver both organically and from acquisitions. Over the last 5 years, we have averaged over 8% organic growth for parts and services and nearly 19% from acquisitions. This performance was achieved in a low-growth environment for both our economy and for a lot of the companies in our industry. This strategy, coupled with the dynamics of increased miles driven, lower fuel prices and a strong sell rate, creates ongoing opportunities to grow our company across all of our operating segments and add long-term value for our stockholders. Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First question just has to do with the start of the second quarter. If you could give us any perspective on the pace of revenue in the second quarter and any cost we should be aware of just so that we set the second quarter expectation correctly.
Robert L. Wagman: Craig, this is Rob. We've been talking to some of our bigger customers in North America. We didn't have a backlog coming out of Q1 that we had last year, but business has been steady, so we're pretty much where we thought we should be for April thus far. In Europe, same story there, pretty much where we expected to be. Revenue was looking to plan over in Europe as well.
John S. Quinn: And Craig, I think Nick noted that we're expecting some continuing impact from scrap because the cars we're selling today are ones we bought maybe earlier in Q1.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Right, that helps. That helps, John. And then maybe my second question for you, John, since we may not get the opportunity to talk you as frequently on these calls. Just maybe give us a sense for your priorities in Europe. I know it's still early, so you're still forming your plan, but what are your priorities there? And how should we look to track that progress?
John S. Quinn: Sure. So I spent the better part of last month over there and I guess the way I view it is we have 2 really good businesses for the Netherlands and the U.K. But within each country, I think there are still a lot of work to do to finish some of the integration or the acquisitions we have, particularly in respect to the Netherlands. First thing is don't do any harm but make sure that we can continue to integrate those acquisitions within the countries. And there are some additional deals we need to do to continue to fill out the footprint there. In the Netherlands, we are at about 72 locations. We think we can probably end up somewhere in the 80 to 85 by the time we're done and we hope that platform builds over the end of the year. And then, when you move a little bit higher and you say, what else can we do? There's more integration to be done between the 2 countries. We did some preliminary integration on procurement in the last couple of years. I think we can do a lot more on that front. And that probably starts with getting the common catalog. There was a project underway to get a common catalog among the countries. And then using that knowledge to leverage the procurement across the group. And there are also some opportunities to probably integrate the procurement a little bit stronger between North America and Europe, particularly on some of the collision businesses where there's a heavy overlap in suppliers. And then, the third platform in the car integration is probably on the revenue opportunities, with particular [indiscernible] like e-commerce, where both countries have a nascent e-commerce business and we can lever the distribution network that we have to try to go through that. And then if you take those 1 step higher, there's obviously some other opportunities to do additional product lines, like, for example, we're now distributing paint or collision business in the Netherlands. So we look for additional opportunities to do those kinds of things, probably once we get the integration done. And then other geographies so that's [indiscernible] countries they currently exist, and then look for opportunities in other countries. So I think we'll be pretty busy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John Russell Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you go through a simple example? I mean, for years and years we've talked about this core competency of the acquisition procurement process. So with that algorithm now, can you just sort of walk us through what that would look like when a car comes into that -- to the handheld or whatever, what exactly changes as far as just the sort of the remedial process of looking at those cars to get that higher quality?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, really, nothing's changed, John, at all. The handheld device calculates demand, calculates the probability of sale. It's interesting, our average cost has come down from Q4 to Q1, up 4%. So we are buying a better car for less money. So we're very pleased with that trend. But in essence, whether you're buying a $300 car or a $2,000 car, the handheld does the exact same data lookup just basing on demand and probability of sale. And so nothing really has changed in that respect. In fact, it just allows our reps to get a higher dollar for that part as it's just a higher price part. We are buying, on average, about 1/2 a year younger to 1 year younger vehicle this time now as opposed to last year. So really nothing has changed at all.
John S. Quinn: John, it's John Quinn speaking. I guess one thing you can think about is, if you got somewhere that is, for example, space constrained, the throughput whether you're dismantling a $2,000 car or a $3,000 car, it takes up the same amount of geography and roughly the same amount of labor and warehousing space. So the thinking is that if you can get a better car, you can improve your return on capital as well on those things. We don't have to buy additional land to grow the business. We've always said one way to grow this business is to buy additional cars. You provide 5% more cars, your revenues should go up about 5%. If you also buy a 5% better car, your revenue should go up 5% on basically the same footprint. And so part of this is just the strategy to try to move up market and particularly in a couple yards that are potentially space-constrained where we wouldn't -- want to avoid buying extra land.
John Russell Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Well, we're 40 minutes into the call, so I got to ask about State Farm, I guess.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, glad to answer that. Update on the bumpers, Q1 was a 19.5% increase year-over-year. So still getting -- and that's up a strong comp, John. Other than that, no new news out of Bloomington, unfortunately. But we continue to really raise the number on the products they are writing in the aftermarket, in the bumpers. So we keep reminding them and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two questions, if I could. The first one has to do with your sequential operating expenses Q1 over Q4. I noticed that there was very nice leverage sequentially. I also noticed that there wasn't a whole lot of acquisitions this quarter, which gives us a little bit of a unique look into potentially what your organic leverage might look like with the legacy business. Can you help us, I'm not sure, Nick, if this for you or for John, but can you help us in terms of sequentially, how much of that leverage came from the absence of some one-off costs that may have occurred in 4Q? For example, some of the European branches, how much of that was seasonal? And how much of that might have been organic leverage, if you could? Specifically around S&W [ph] expenses, distribution expenses and SG&A expenses.
John S. Quinn: I think it's probably best to talk about the different segments because there's certainly a unique story in each one, right? So you're right, in North America we didn't -- we haven't done a lot of acquisitions in the quarter. There wasn't a lot of acquisition activity going, coming out of Q4, frankly, either in North America. So a lot of that was, I would say, sort of a seasonal leverage and you can just see that through the segment data. On the Specialty segment, that is a seasonal business both on -- with respect to that business and with respect to the European business. I'd just remind people that Q4 tends to be a bit softer in those 2 businesses. Historically, if you look at the company, Q1 was our strongest and Q4 was our second strongest when we were basically a collision-focused business. But as we've been diversifying into more into some of these hard parts [ph] Specialty products, Q1 tends to be the strongest quarter. And on those 2 segments, Q4 is a lot lighter. So you didn't see -- on the Specialty segment, we got the benefit of some of the integration of Stag Parkway. Stag Parkway didn't contribute very much at all in Q4 last year, probably because of the seasonal thing and partly because we haven't really executed on some of the synergies, which I think Nick spoke to the fact that they did a good job getting a lot of those synergies captured already. So some of that is, you're right, integration improvement coming through. And then on the European business, I don't have any specifics for you, Sam, but we did talk about the fact that we were carrying some additional cost associated with the branch openings. There's also a little bit of a profit deferral associated with those acquisitions that we do in the Netherlands. So we did see operating leverage with respect to the businesses there, for sure. And again, some of that's the seasonality and some of it is just better -- getting the revenue, I would say, from those acquisitions and being able to recognize more of the profit with respect to the Sator acquisition.
Dominick P. Zarcone: And Sam, this is Nick. As Rob indicated, and this particularly goes to distribution cost, we did gain a little bit of benefit on fuel, as fuel prices came down pretty substantially from Q4 and that helped a bit. We helped thousands of trucks that travel millions of miles across the roads and highways around the globe and we consume a fair amount of fuel. So that helped a little bit.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two more quick questions, if I could, and I think you mentioned this in the prepared remarks and I missed it I apologize. What was the impacts specifically of the Sator move to 2-step on overall gross margins? And I have 1 final quick follow-up as well.
John S. Quinn: On a year-over-year basis?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Sure.
Robert L. Wagman: Let's take a look at that while you go on and ask your second question.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Sure, sure. The last question, I noticed a minority interest was up pretty nicely on a percentage basis, which suggests that your Australian JV is doing quite well. Anything there that is learnings or something translatable that you're seeing down there, Rob, that you might be able to transfer over to your European operations as you try and grow that alternative business?
Robert L. Wagman: Well, one thing that is nice, Sam, is that we're obviously working directly with the insurance company, so that owns a large body shop chain down there. So we're taking the parts that we're procuring directly from them and putting them right into their repair stream. So yes, we think there could be actually some move over. As you know, we entered the Swedish market last quarter and we're doing something very similar in the Swedish market there actually by procuring directly from the insurance company. So we do think there is something to be done there. The reason why we don't think it's really applicable here in the U.S. because the country is so large. I mean, Australia is a unique market in that 90% of the population live in 4 cities and we have [indiscernible] in 3 of those 4 cities. Perth, on the western side of the country, we haven't focus on yet. But yes, we do think there is something we could take from the U.S. or from the Australian market into the European market, which we're kind of doing in Sweden right now.
John S. Quinn: And Sam, with respect to the impact of the acquisitions, we did see a little bit of improvement in the margin in the Netherlands, but because the Netherlands is relatively small compared to the total company, it wasn't really enough to drive the overall company margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I appreciate all that color. A couple of things. One, just focusing on kind of the North American organic growth rate. Obviously, we were up against a tough comp. You probably had some weather disruption in certain areas in February with cities shutting down, which ends up being a net negative for you guys. And my gut tells me that there's obviously with buying a few -- fewer cars, obviously that's probably impacted the portion of the self-service that goes into the parts and service number for North America. How should we think about that kind of going forward? Historically, you've always given a range of about 5% to 7% organic growth for North America. We have some favorable trends going on with miles driven and more parts for repair, and like you say, a little bit better quality part. How should we think about the growth rate there for kind of the next couple of quarters or the remainder of the year?
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, we get a report from CCC, the leading estimating company here in the United States. We just had a sit down with them this week. It's interesting, they showed stats by states. And New England, as you rightly mentioned, was shut down for those 3 blizzards they had. So it was very slow in New England. It was pretty interesting from Pennsylvania West to the Minnesota-Iowa market, claims were actually down. So they -- we had very little snow in Chicago as you know. So we don't have a backlog coming out of Q1. However, as you mentioned, we're up against a tough comp. We do feel good because of those trends you're talking about, the newer car part, definitely is working in our favor. One thing you didn't mention was the amount of certified parts. Certified parts increased 18% year-over-year, which is good for obviously for the aftermarket. Our backlog is very healthy. Very strong backlog at all of our facilities. Miles driven are increasing. Gas prices, although they've come up a little bit, are still substantially down year-over-year. And the man time [ph] is finally stable. So yes, we feel good about the next couple of quarters once that all fleshes out. And certainly, when these new cars, these 16 million and 17 million SAAR rates start getting 2 and 3 years out, we feel pretty good that there's going to be a really healthy amount of cars coming to the sweet spot. So pretty bullish on the North American growth and I feel confident that the 5 to 7 is still going to hold.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And John, kind of a question along the other one in terms of all the opportunities over in Europe. And it sounds like, just based on some of the cost pressures that we had temporarily in the fourth quarter and some of things that happened, as those go away, I think it sounds like that, that margin improvement over there is fairly sustainable and probably even has upside as you implement some of those 4 things that you spoke about. Do you have any rough time line on how long you think it will take to get to each of those 4 opportunities or any initial viewpoint on how fast that kind of moves in terms of making that integration kind of seeing at 100% versus where we might be at, give or take, I don't know, 70% today?
John S. Quinn: Yes. We don't have a good sense here. We just kicked off the project on sort of getting the common catalog. And I think the procurement though, we're very quick to bringing that team together, and so that will be relatively quick. I do think over time, what we'd like to get is the sustainable double-digit EBITDA margins over there. I'd be a bit like an economist to give you number but not a date, but I don't think it's years and but it's probably some time in 2016, 2017 before we get there on a sustainable basis.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick final question regarding the gross margin improvement in North America, which kind of helped by not buying as many cars because of the scrap impact. Should that be -- I mean, I know that there's a net-net negative impact in the second quarter, but should we continue to see kind of those margins trend up temporarily as we kind of do some of these better pricing initiatives, et cetera? Or it will be impacted buying the better quality parts, eventually kind of offset that and maybe it's kind of a neutral going forward kind of look?
Dominick P. Zarcone: Nate, this is Nick. The gross margins in the first quarter on a comparative basis to last year were actually down, just that and that really reflected the impact of the scrap and the pressure it weighed on with the -- the positive impact of increased prices on the aftermarket not being able to fully cover the impact of scrap. We do not see any major shifts in our margin structure in North America. Obviously, that assumes that scrap prices stay about where they are and it assumes that we still get the pull-through purchasing the higher-quality car that Rob and John talked about a little bit earlier in the call, because that gives us the ability to get more parts dollars off those vehicles. But we are not anticipating any major shifts in the margin structure.
Robert L. Wagman: I was just going to add to what Nick said about scrap. Scrap last week was roughly about $135 a ton, so it at least stabilized from where it was in February. But just to put in perspective, it's 37% down year-over-year and 25% sequentially. So scrap will be a little bit of a headwind, still.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: But just then kind of put that into conclusion at least going sequentially, we should expect, given some of the puts and the takes, to kind of balance out and give or take, pretty flat gross margins for the rest of the year, again, assuming scrap stays where it's at?
John S. Quinn: Yes, there's a little bit of seasonality on the gross margin in the Specialty business.
Robert L. Wagman: In Q4.
Dominick P. Zarcone: Right.
John S. Quinn: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Rob, you mentioned that you're paying about 4% less for car. Is that really a function of the fact that scrap has come down? Is that what is making the car purchases a little bit better for you?
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's certainly a portion of it, Gary. I also think that there's such a large export that the auctions export, and I think that the dollar has worked in our favor. So I think that may also be impacting it. So I think it's a combination of the strong dollar and scrap coming down.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of -- I just want to clear something up with myself, in terms of Sator, when you're going from a 3- to a 2-step distribution model, is the intent to have all of Sator's business go to that 3- to 2-step model?
John S. Quinn: No. It'll continue to have 3-step distribution models. Keep in mind, we're only talking about the Netherlands when we're talking about converting this right now. The Belgian operation is still [indistinguishable] and so is France.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so it's only the Netherlands, okay.
John S. Quinn: Well, even within the Netherlands we'll continue to have partners where -- that are distributing as well.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And I know you had mentioned something about collision parts on the continent, and I know you've purchased something, I think, in Sweden or something like that?
John S. Quinn: Correct.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: But in terms of the bigger part of the continent, France, Germany, all that, when do you think you'll start getting some of that collision parts business out there?
John S. Quinn: Again, if you -- let me backup. First of all, France has unusual rules that it's against the law to put an aftermarket product on a French-made car. Until that law gets changed, probably not be huge business there, although people do distribute through companies like ourselves OE parts. The OEs use non-dealers to distribute parts there. So there is an opportunity on that front. We generally need the last mile, right? We need to be able to get the parts to the customer. At the moment, we don't have the network to do that anywhere in a particular country, as you described, Germany, France, even the Netherlands, we still not have the product -- the facility built out and the infrastructure built out. So I think the initial focus really is just to get the Netherlands integrations. And if we can find an acquisition or a couple of smaller companies that distribute aftermarket product and there's some salvage companies, if we could find one of those that was attractive and want to sell at a reasonable price, then we would probably buy that and use that as a footprint. Most of our distribution right now is to the mechanical repair shop on the continent. We have a very little interaction with collision body shops. Whereas in the U.K., we've developed very strong relationships with all of the body shops, particularly through our paint acquisitions there. So I guess what I'm telling you, Gary, is it's probably not going to be this year, but it's not going to be multiple years either.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Thanks for clearing that up. And then just lastly, on the tax rate, John. I think the last call, you had said that the tax rate would be high in the first couple of quarters, then transition down to about 34% as you start getting a better balance of profits coming from lower tax rate jurisdictions is that about where you thinking right now that by the third and fourth quarter, we would be at a 34% tax rate?
John S. Quinn: No. Generally we try to do is estimate the full year tax rate and then adjust for any discrete items. So there's about a $700,000 discrete item that was -- if you look at the year-over-year increase on the tax rate, about 1/2 of that was a discrete item, that will go away in Q2. And we would anticipate using that same rate, for the rest of the year. So the rate going forward, to use a little bit over 35% is probably about right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Rodgers [ph] with Great Lakes Review [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Nice to see the continued double-digit organic growth and the 12 months and older ECP branches, and I was wondering how sustainable you think that is?
John S. Quinn: It takes almost 4 years for branch -- 3 to 4 years for branch to reach full maturity. So if you look at the cadence of the branches that we've opened the last couple of years -- branches that were opened, for example, in 2013 are still maturing and they're still growing. So some of that growth what you're seeing is maturing on the branches, and then also, the much older branches continue to take market share. So yes, I don't want to get into specifics and giving sort of multi-year guidance here, but we do believe we have a number of years of additional growth just as those branches, as Nick mentioned the 40-odd branches we opened last year, are going to continue to mature over the next couple of years.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then looking at the acquisitions that you made, the 2 distributors and the Nebraska business, how much in total revenue do you expect that to contribute on an annual basis?
John S. Quinn: It's less than $5 million, it's very small.
Unknown Analyst: Alright. And finally the online purchasing through CCC, about what amount in revenue does that make up currently?
Robert L. Wagman: We've been tracking it as a percentage of increase because it's still off of a small base. But revenue, Jason, was up 75% year-over-year, and purchase orders were up 70% year-over-year. It's roughly annualizing at about $22 million a year right now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately we have exceeded our allotted time for questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking to you in July, we report our second quarter 2015 results. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Boutross - IR Rob Wagman - President and CEO John Quinn - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Ben Bienvenu - Stephens Inc. Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates James Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joe Boutross: Thanks, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial results and provided our full year 2015 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John has some prepared remarks and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Also note that guidance for 2014 is based on current conditions, including acquisitions completed through February 26, 2015, and excludes any impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, loss on debt extinguishment and any capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Rob Wagman: Thanks, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. All things considered, a reasonable quarter to end the good year. With respect to activities under our control, the Company performed well. Unfortunately, there are items we don’t control and they has negative impact on our financial results. Global revenue reached $1.68 billion in the quarter, an increase of 27.9% as compared to Q4 2013. Net income for the fourth quarter was $80.5 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.26, which was flat year-over-year. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.27 for the quarter compared to $0.26 in the prior year, an increase of 3.8%. During the quarter, we experienced significant impacts from deteriorating scrap markets, FX and tax rates. Adjusted diluted EPS for the fourth quarter of 2014 was negative affected by $0.04 as a result of these items. Without them, diluted adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of 2014 would have increased 15% versus the fourth quarter of 2013. During the quarter, we achieved companywide organic revenue growth and acquisition revenue growth for products and services of 8.7% and 23.9% respectively. I continue to be pleased with the North American organic revenue growth for products and services, which during the quarter grew 6.2% despite facing a seasonably mild December. While we can’t say for certain, having the Christmas holiday in the middle of the week also seen slightly negative to results. European organic growth for the quarter was a robust 13.8%. For full year 2014, revenue reached 6.7 billion in 2014, an increase of 33% as compared to 2013. Net income for the full year was 381.5 million compared with 311.6 million for the prior year, an increase of 22.4%. Importantly, organic revenue growth for products and service for 2014 was 9%, a clear indication of the strength of our company. And total organic revenue growth for the year reflecting the softness of scrap was 7.1%. Our adjusted EPS for all 2014 was $1.27 representing an increase of 19.8% from a $1.06 reported in 2013. Full year 2014 and 2013 diluted earnings per share included charges equal to $0.02 and $0.04 respectively. Resulting from restructuring and acquisition related expenses, loss on debt extinguishment and the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Including these charges on a diluted basis, our GAAP EPS was $1.25 in 2014 versus $1.02 in 2013. Before I provide an update on our operations, I want to highlight a few factors that affected our Q4 2014 results. While on the last call we warned that scrap prices will be a headwind in Q4, the actual deterioration of prices was worse than expected. During the quarter, scrap prices were down 15% sequentially, an 18% year-over-year taken as a whole for the climb in scrap prices at about $0.02 negative effect on Q4 2014 relative to last year. Secondly, there were negative impacts from the devaluations of the British pound, euro and the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar which fell 2.2%, 8.2% and 7.6% in Q4 2014. Furthermore, this devaluation combined with the decline in scrap sequentially negatively impacted top-line revenue by $37 million. And increase in the effected tax rate car buying shifted earnings to higher tax rate jurisdictions and higher losses from our joint venture at a negative impact on the Q4 results, when combined with the FX impact just noted these items represented an additional $0.02 negative effect of relative to Q4 of 2013. So while adjusted diluted EPS increased by just 4% over the prior year, Q4 EPS would have increased 15% if scrap prices FX rates and the tax rate had remained confident with Q4 of 2013. John will provide further details on these guidance during his comments. And now moving to our operations. During the fourth quarter, we purchased over 74,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 5.4% increase over Q4 2013. Our full year 2014 vehicle procurement was approximately 290,000 which is a 3.2% increase over 2013. As we entered 2015, the volume of the auctions is robust and the outlook for supply remains steady. In addition, one benefit of the strengthening dollar is that we are more favorably positioned against our export competitors who are now disadvantaged by the stronger U.S. dollar. We continue to buy what we believe is a better quality vehicle of the auction for the goal driving top-line with higher revenue per vehicle. These trends coupled with inventory already on hand should provide sufficient inventory to grow our recycle parts operation in 2015. In our self-service retail business, during the fourth quarter, we acquired over a 116,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, which is a 3.4% decrease over Q4 2013. This decrease was intention given a downward trend in scrap prices in a continued pressure on margins, for full year 2014, vehicle procurements approximately 514,000, which was flat over 2013. And lastly on North America throughout 2014, we continue to make significant progress with the intelligent part solution initiative with CCC information services. The revenue in number of purchased orders process through the CCC platform during the quarter grew 90% and 84% respectively year-over-year. Clearly the trend towards sharp adopting this [feature] in the CCC platform continues to gain traction. With this initiative, currently NOI is annualizing over $20 million in revenue less than two years from initial launch. And now turning to our European operations, we continue to be pleased with the performance of euro car parts ability to increase market-share. In Q4, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 18.2% and for branches open more in 12 months, ECP’s organic growth during the quarter was 10.8%. For full year 2014, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 20.6% and 12.7% for branches open more in 12 months. We did however experienced some unbudgeted expenses in Q4 for the continued integration cost of Unipart Automotive acquisition and also on the purchase of APX. During the quarter, ECP opened a total of 10 branches, three new ECP branches and seven converted Unipart branches, bringing our network to 189 branch locations. For the full year, ECP opened 44 branches which included 19 for Unipart locations. With some impressive track record, the ECP’s management’s team effectively open, grow and gain market-share, I am pleased to announce that we have improved an additional 13 new ECP branches for 2015. And finally on ECP, during the quarter we continue to win the strong double-digit year-over-year growth of nearly 24% of our closing part sales and full year 2014 growth of over 35%.  Turning to our Sator business; during the quarter, Sator started to win us some gross margin benefit from the shift in network from a three step to a two step mall. With targeted acquisitions in the pipeline and its innovative partner strategy Sator’s national footprint will be completed in 2015. This step-shift also positions Sator to enter the collision market in Benelux 2015 as well. We are confident that the carrier relationships we’re developing in UK will assist the launch of Sator’s collision efforts given seven of the top 10 carriers in UK right insurance in their markets. Sator posted 2.6% organic growth in Q4. Now onto the specialty segment, our specialty segment continued strong performance by posting year-over-year growth of 35.4% in the quarter including the benefit of Stag Parkway the distributor we acquired in October. Full year organic growth for our specialty segment was 12% against pre-acquisition results. In 2014, Keystone’s management team made tremendous progress on synergy and cost savings initiatives by closing and relocating 12 of their cross docks and adding 26 new cross dock into existing LKQ locations. Keystone also opened a new 231,000 square foot distribution center in Dallas. The Keystone team continue to deliver on synergy initiatives with the previously announced Stag-Parkway holding company and acquisition. During the quarter, four of the 13 Stag-Parkway locations we finalized the transaction on October 3rd were closed and relocated into existing Keystone locations. Now moving on to corporate development. In addition to Stag-Parkway, the company made two additional acquisitions during the quarter including a specialty aftermarket distributor with locations in Ohio and Pennsylvania and a salvage business with locations in Sweden and Norway. Our acquisition of the European salvage business demonstrates our commitment to replicating the success of our collision model in Europe and to actively grow the use of alternative collision parts beyond North America. Our traction to this market was heightened by the company’s strong insurance relationships allowing us to test of our North American APU business model. Our Swedish insurance partners are enthusiastic about our entry into this market and we are in active discussions with them regarding enhanced programs and services. I am proud of our development efforts and what our team was able to accomplish in 2014 with the completion of 23 acquisitions. As we head to 2015 I am confident of their ability to identify additional acquisition candidates across our operating segments. At this time, I’d like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year.
John Quinn: Thank you, Rob. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Revenue for Q4 2014 was $1.7 billion, an increase of $367 million or 28% over the $1.3 billion we achieved in Q4 2013. Net income in Q4 2014 of $80.5 million was 3.3% higher than Q4 2013. Obviously we expected better pull through of the top line growth to the bottom line as opposed to the net income margin compression we saw. As Rob said, some of the drivers of the lower margin are outside of our control but we are taking actions in an attempt to mitigate them. Before I get into the details on the high level as I characterize the quarter’s results is having the strong top line and organic growth set by a difficult scrap and foreign exchange environment. Also the relative performance of Europe caused our tax rate to increase. As I will discuss in a moment the scrap and foreign exchange issues continue through Q1, but we believe we’ll eventually stabilize and at least in the case of scrap possibly improve over time. We also believe the European operations will improve over time helping not only our pretax income but also our tax rate. The revenue growth breakdown as follows, for Q4 our total organic revenue growth was 7.1% and we delivered an additional growth of 22.2% from acquisitions, the foreign exchange being negative 1.4%. Organic growth in products and services was 8.7% and within that we saw our North American operations grow organically 6.2% while the European segment to 13.8%. North American organic growth of 6.2% was 30 basis higher than that reported in Q4 2013. There are no definitive statistics available but our sense is that while the weather in Q4 2014 was not as favorable to us as in Q4 2013 we may be starting to see the benefit of higher miles driven and higher new car sales starting to come into our sweet spot for alternative parts demand. October and November 2014 miles driven averaged 2% year-over-year increase one of the stronger rates we’ve seen recently. New car sales in the U.S. reached 16.5 million light vehicles their highest level since 2006 it will take a few years before those cars fall in the age group for peak demand for alternative parts so we believe its clear evidence that the dynamics of the cars in use are moving in favor of LKQ. During the quarter, our European segment reported 13.8% organic growth with ECP continuing to show strong organic growth by achieving 18.2% in quarter. Sator reported organic revenue growth of 2.6% which was 50 basis points higher than our Q3 2014 results. We continue to execute on our plant and converting another one’s distribution to a two step model. Given the potential for channel conflict as we execute the strategy, we’re pleased that Sator continues to show positive organic growth. Acquisitions completed during 2014 contributed $292 million of Q4 revenue on a reported basis including $38 million from acquisitions completed in Q4 2014. The annualized revenues from acquisitions completed in Q4 2014 was approximately $225 million, or roughly $56 million per quarter, I remind listeners that the annualized revenue acquired includes Stag-Parkway acquisition completed in the October. And during our Q3 2014 call we indicated that Stag Parkway had an annual revenue of approximately 180 million which is included in the 225 million figure I just mentioned. Total change in other revenue which where we recorded our scrap commodity sales is marginally positive at 2.9%. Acquisitions contributed 8.4% positive growth and we had negative 5.3% organic growth. Volume increases were more than offset by falling commodity prices as scrap pricing was about 18% lower year-over-year.  Average price we received for scraps deal of a $197 per ton this year as compared to $241 per ton in 2013. Other revenue was 9% of our total revenue as compared to 11.1% for the same period last year continuing the trend of declining relative important of this revenue to our overall results although that I will discuss in the moment the commodity price swings can still impact our short-term earnings.  In Q4 2014, revenue for our self-serve business was $97 million or 5.7% of LKQ’s total revenue. As scrap prices have fallen and our other lines of businesses are growing this business is become less material to the overall company. Approximately 35% of this revenue was part sales included in North American parts and services revenue and 65% scrap and core sales included in other revenue.  Our reported gross margin for Q4 2014 was $665 million or 39.5% of revenue. Decline of 200 basis points from our gross margin percentage of 41.4% from Q4 2013. There is a 130 basis points decline attributable to the specialty segment and other small acquisitions. North American margins contributed about 30 basis points of the decline mainly due to the scrap price falls. European margin attributed approximately 20 basis points of decline as we saw heavier discount in ECP. Mix contributed about 20 basis points of the decline.  We have taken actions and ECP to reverse the decline we saw in Q4 and believe will be begin to see positive results in Q1 2015. Moving to our operating expenses, some of these comparisons are being affected by our specialty segment. In the specialty line of business gross margins tend to be lower but they incur relatively lower facility and SG&A cost. January 2015 was the anniversary of the Keystone Automotive acquisition that stay we continue to have some influence on these margins year-over-year through October 2015.  Facility and warehouse costs were 8.2% of revenue in Q4 2014, a 40 basis points improvement over 8.6% in Q4 last year. This improvement was primarily due to the specialty segment. Distribution cost increased slightly from 8.5% of revenue in Q4 2013 to 8.6% this quarter. This change is mainly attributable to higher cost in Europe which was associated with the ECP new branch openings and some start-up cost we incurred with the former Unipart branch locations and relatively higher distribution cost that bringing a two step model in the Midland.  Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 12.2% of revenue in Q4 last year to 11.8% in Q4 this year, an improvement of 40 basis points. The specialty segment accounts for 40 basis points of the improvement that 30 basis points of that was offset by the Netherlands acquisitions and increased cost at ECP. Excluding the acquisitions we saw North American leverage generated a 30 basis points improvement in this line.  During Q4 2014 we recorded $2 million of restructuring and acquisition related expenses down from $2.8 million in Q4 last year. The 2014 costs are primarily related to the integration of our specialty in Netherlands acquisition.  Depreciation and amortization was 2% of revenue during Q4 this year as compared to 1.8% of revenue in Q4 2013. Although a small percentage of revenue that these costs have been rising faster than our revenue. The increase year-over-year of $10.5 million equates to roughly $0.02 EPS impact in Q4 2014. But half of this increase was due to a larger asset base and fixed assets. The balance relates to the non-cash amortization of intangibles such as customer relationships associated with acquisitions.  I point this out simply because these costs are function of our acquisition activity and if we stop our acquisition activity this cost would actually fall overtime. We don’t intend to stop our acquisition strategy but as we do large deals the accounting conventions were acquired are recognizing these cost and that could impact our operating margin for these non-cash charges.  Other expenses net increased to $16.5 million in the three months ended December 2014, compared to $15.2 million for the same period last year an increase of $1.3 million. The main reason for the change was the net interest expense which is $1.3 million higher with $2.5 million attributable to higher debt levels partially offset by $1.2 million reduction from lower interest rates. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.3%.  Our year-to- date effective tax rate is 34.7% as compared to 34.5% in the prior year. In Q4 2014, our effective tax rate was 37.3% versus 34.3% in Q4 last year. Our tax rate is a blend of the rates of the countries in which we operate it will proportionately earn less in lower tax offshore locations our tax rate increases. The income from our foreign businesses was negative to both our expectations and our tax rate due to foreign exchange in relative operating performance. On a reported basis diluted earnings per share was $0.26 in Q4 2014, flat to the $0.26 Q4 2013. Adjusting for the restructuring acquisition related expenses and consideration adjustments EPS would have been about a $0.01 higher this year. On an adjusted basis Q4 2014 would have been $0.27 as compared to $0.26 last year, an improvement of 4%. Rob spoke to scrap impacting us approximately $0.02 negatively and foreign exchange joint venture in tax causing further $0.02 loss. Before I move to the balance sheet, I just reference the segment revenue in EBITDA disclosures in our press release. In the fourth quarter 2014, North American revenue grew year-over-year from $937 million to $1 billion and we saw EBITDA increase from $123 million to $129 million. The scrap impacts were entirely related to the segment and about those impacts we would have seen EBITDA improvements more proportionate to the revenue growth. The European segment saw year-over-year revenue growth from $379 million to $465 million, an increase of $86 million; EBITDA was $38 million was flat year-over-year. This segment was impacted by foreign currency deteriorations we expect the better EBITDA growth more in line with the revenue growth. We attribute the flat EBITDA to the lower margin ECP in higher cost associated with the acquisitions and Unipart locations we acquired. The cost structure at Sator is also higher than we expected to be once the conversion to a two set model is complete and the acquisitions are fully integrated. The specialty segments are revenue of $210 million and EBITDA of $15 million in Q4 2014 we did not have a comparable segment in 2015. As previously discussed the specialty segment is seasonal and Q4 tends to be a lower performing quarter. The seasonality is evident when comparing Q4 to the full year EBITDA of $79 million. Stag Parkway contributed very little EBITDA in Q4, so the $79 million compares favorably to be approximately $450 million we paid for the Keystone Automotive acquisition with the first year multiple to 5.7 times. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $371 million for the year 2014 as compared to $428 million in 2013. Net income and depreciation were favorable to cash flow by $70 million and $39 million respectively, growth in the accounts receivable was an incremental $17 million use of cash as we continue to grow with revenue organically. Similarly, inventory was an incremental use of cash of $53 million as we invest in inventory for the expanded business. We had been concerned about the recently threatened port strikes on the West Coast and we build some additional inventories as risk mitigation measure. The timing to cash tax is result in a higher outsource front in 2014 to 2013 of $32 million. Changes in accounts payable and other operating assets was a net source of cash of $13 million in 2014, as compared to the source of cash of $76 million in 2013. The timing of accounts payable this disbursements and higher interest and bonus payments been the primary driver the relatively lower contribution of these items. Capital spending is a 141 million in 2014 and in 2014 we spend $776 million in cash and acquisitions the largest being specialty which accounted for $427 million of the total. We closed 2014 with $1.9 billion in debt and cash and cash equivalents were $115 million, availability in our credit facility was approximately $1.1 billion and with the cash total liquidity was approximately $1.2 billion, so we have the capacity to pursue additional acquisitions if suitable opportunities are arose. And now turning to guidance. The 2015 annual guidance cost for net income between $420 million and $460 million that equates to earnings per share of $1.36 to $1.46. Our guidance for 2015 for organic revenue growth from parking services is 6.5% to 9% and our guidance for capital expenditures is $150 million to $180 million cash flow from operations for approximately $450 million. We don’t give quarterly guidance, but I want to give you some insight into what we’re seeing so far this year. Starting with foreign exchange, the U.S. dollar has strengthened appreciably against the pound, euro and Canadian dollar compared to last year’s averages. As earlier this week compared to last year’s averages, these currencies will respectively 6.2%, 14.7% and 12.2% Lower compared to the average over last year we believe that currencies represent approximately $0.04 to $0.05 headwind at current rates. Obviously we don’t know where these trends would lead. Scrap steel has also weakened since Q4 I mentioned that our Q4 average scrap sales were $197 per ton. Our report for this business last week shows that we’re achieving only $130 per ton. At this time we don’t know where the floor is on these prices or when the recovery will start as we’ve discussed many times in price aggressively manage the cost of our vehicles lower but we incur lower than expected income as we sell the cars acquired last quarter when prices were higher. Q1 will be impacted by this phenomena and expect that to carry into Q2. We estimate that this will be a negative impact of approximately $0.05 to $0.06 over the year. In 2008 we saw large drop in commodity prices. This situation this time is different and the decline in the prices to-date has not been severe and as we’ve been discussing in past calls the total portion of revenue impacted is a much smaller percent of our total revenue. So while we’re not immune to these changes, we believe that we can adjust our buying to account for them and once we see stability or perhaps seen a reversal of prices, we’ll see the kind of recovery that we saw in 2009 and 2010. I mentioned the performance of the European segment in Q4 relative to the prior year in our expectations we believe that we’ll see improvements in that segment in relatively short order. We’ve charged our European team to take active steps to focus on gross margin improvement for simultaneously improving their cost structure. We continue to anticipate improvements in Sator as we build out our footprint in Netherlands. If the European operations improves at a faster rate than the U.S. operations, we’ll also see our tax rate improves. Finally, turning to what we see in the broader economic market. We continue to believe that our margins in North America are going to benefit from the larger number of later model cars entering our space. The European markets despite the currency issues appear to be pulling out their proactive slow growth model. Lower fuel cost and higher employment figures should lead to more miles driven. So we need to through the challenges at lower scrap pricing and the stronger dollar crate ultimately we see the markets moving in our favor for next few years. With that I’d like to turn the call back to Rob before we open to questions.
Rob Wagman: Thanks John. To summarize we faced significant headwinds in the fourth quarter many of which were outside of our control. Yet despite these challenges we delivered solid results in 2014. Looking ahead in North America the recent upswing in miles driven, lower gas prices and increased new car sale should provide a nice tailwind to our collision business. In addition the recent inclement weather in North America could provide some momentum as we enter the second quarter. For our aftermarket parts business, we continue to see improvement in our full SKU offering as well as our certified parts offering both growing 6% and 18.6% respectively. In UK, new car registrations reached a level not seen since 2005 which we believe boards well for ECP’s mechanical parts business and their growing alternative collision parts business. Also with UK insurance premiums down 13% since 2012 we continue to believe that the value proposition of alternative collision parts is attractive to carriers trying to mirage cost. Also we continue to be pleased with the performance of our specialty segment and the timing of our entry into the large and highly fragmented market. In 2013 the specialty equipment market produced the highest growth rate since the recent recession posting a 7% gain and pushing the overall market to over 33 billion. These dynamics coupled with the projected increase in SAR over the next four years positions us well for 2015 and beyond within this segment. In closing I am proud of hard work and dedication our 29,000 plus employees delivered for the company, our stockholders and most importantly our customers in 2014. I am equally proud of our team’s commitment to effectively manage the dynamics of our business that they can control while not losing focus on growing the business, developing our people and continuously looking for opportunities to generate leverage and synergies from our existing and recently acquired operations. Finally, as you probably saw in our second press release John Quinn has been appointed to head our European operations. I want to thank John for his five years of service as our CFO. Our commitment to Europe requires strong leadership. John has extensive knowledge of European business market having held key positions there in previous company. He is ideal person to take our European operations for the next level. Also, I want to welcome Nick Zarcone as our new CFO. Nick has extensive CFO experience and a great knowledge of our company. He was the key person at our lead underwriter Baird during our IPO in 2003 follow on offerings in 2005 and 2007 and has advised on several of our strategic initiatives over the years. We are fortunate to have him join our team. And Devon with that we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann, William Blair. Please proceed with your question. 
Nate Brochmann: Hey, wanted to talk a little bit. I get all the noise certainly created by scrap and FX and the tax rate, and thank you for explaining that very well. There still seems to be an ounce of a gap in terms of guidance. I get the fact that there's some lingering issues in the fourth quarter in terms of cost with Europe and some margin things here and there. But in terms of guidance, you talked about the expectations that those things would get better, but there still seems to be a little bit of a gap between where expectations were, even adjusting for scrap and FX and kind of where guidance is. Some of that seems to be a little bit of a gap in terms of operational, some of that, again, still might be some gross margin. Some of that may be higher cost with Europe, and just getting the platform established in 2015. Wondering if you could go through a little bit more in detail where the perception on the gap might be? 
John Quinn: Just I guess the way that we look at where came out with guidance if you look at the fundamentals of the company and there was Q4 underperformed a bit in terms of European operations obviously that drove the tax rate little bit higher and there is a pickup year-to-date increase in the tax rate we have the pickup in Q4. We also have some increases in the amortization on some of the intangibles. So if take that component then roll it forward say we have a $1.27 on adjusted basis in 2014. If you drove that in any kind of reasonable rate probably be in the $1.45 to $1.50 range, we then see about a $0.10 headwind within this scrap and the FX impact. And that’s kind of where we ended up on the guidance.  Keep in mind we don’t have a lot of big acquisitions in these numbers, back if you look in 2011 maybe you see peak coming into 2012 we had the benefit of Keystone Automotive last year. The fundamentals of the business, I think are quite strong. We do have this scrap which is we view is been a temporary headwind, I don’t know when FX is going to turn or if it ever does, but there are some things we are obviously doing and trying to improve those things as well.  Not all the currencies moved in the same direction at the same time and if that does a little bit of an opportunity for arbitress and some of the procurement as we look in that so if you can mitigate or mitigating some of these impacts. The FX is not just and we have to accept that there are some things we can do to move cost around from different currencies. 
Nate Brochmann : Okay, that's fair. I know that obviously you guys been very successful with your strategy in terms of buying acquisitions and the putting them into the business. Clearly, the top-line revenue remains fairly impressive, and certainly within expectations. Again, I'm sure that the answer will be no, we're not going to change what we're doing. Again, I wouldn't expect necessarily you to as you've been successful with that. But at some point you wonder, with the stock price bring down here, whether you might look for shareholder returns that could be a little bit better, whether that's buying back stock, or whether that's kind of laying off anything very large. I know timing's always unpredictable. I know that if you go back to the couple years post-Keystone one, you showed some impressive margin improvement, whether there would be an opportunity to be able to do that and kind of enhance the quality of the earnings and overall shareholder value, or whether that's just really not in the cards and there's just so much opportunity that, that's really still the foremost thing to ultimately create shareholder value. 
Rob Wagman : I am going to just touch a little bit on the acquisition front and then let Rob to address your second question which was shareholder and buybacks or something. In terms of the acquisition strategy I called out specifically the Keystone Automotive acquisition we did last year which we paid about roughly $450 million for that acquisition. We got some good synergies out of it and it looks like last year first year multiples are around 5.7 times. I still believe that what interest rates where they are, our credit facility allows us to borrow that’s good opportunity create shareholder value of multiple. One-third business get go into relatively low capital intensity business, and lot of additional CapEx required becomes very attractive distribution business from our perspective.  To the extend we can identify additional opportunities like that actually that is the best use of the capital. in terms of just on comment in terms of some other foreign exchange issues that we have, it does impact the income when we buy assets in foreign countries be it Canada or Europe then we try to match that with a foreign currency hedge in so much as we try to borrow as much of the currency in the foreign currency we can. So underlying the foreign currency cash flows coming in with the foreign currency debt. So although we end up with volatility in the income statement and we know we understand that’s important. The underlying economics we do create hedge on the asset itself. Do you want to comment on the others? 
John Quinn : I will comment on the stock buyback, it’s something that we consider every quarter, we meet with our Board and we discuss that and honestly to your point as of today, we just believe there are other opportunities that issues of our capital it's not to say that it wouldn’t change at some point but it's the topic that we discuss regularly with our Board and as we stated our plan right now was to continue the path we’re on. Acquisition as you said are sticky, they come and go and could have big yield come on play tomorrow absolutely it could and if we didn’t have a good balance sheet which we’re and the great position to do. So, our liquidity is great at this time, I think we’re going to continue with the strategy of trying to build up a network. We think there is first move advantages in many markets and those opportunities are something that we just kept as up at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Kennison: Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to start with Europe and the European margins. Clearly, they have been under significant pressure in the last year and there are some outside factors. I'm asking, are you getting the synergy you expect to get out of that business? And then maybe, Rob, you could cover the two to three year margin outlook for that business. John, maybe you can talk about your priorities as you move into a leadership role there. 
Rob Wagman: Let me just talk about the ECP gross margin first Craig, for Q4 after the Unipart bankruptcy basically, there was a grab for a lot of the business and it got quite competitive in the marketplace. So that is behind us now, we certainly think things are starting now to settle down in terms of that. We have put in pricing programs not only for single customers, but also for our national accounts. We are now truly the only national player for all of UK, there are other competitors that can team up together, but we’re the only true single company that can do that. So, we do a special margin expansion there as well. We constantly are working on our front cost initiative with vendors and we’re going to start seeing some progress there as well. Just a little bit of a drag on ECP’s margins, gross margins was -- that win Unipart going down we did pick up some more national accounts which are obviously slightly dilutive to your overall margins. But I think we’re going to start to see some nice turns in the margins of ECP certainly through January, February very pleased with that. As far as Sator goes in the margin year, we are still building hope the three step and two step model, we have 64 locations now I report in the last quarter that we wanted to have about 80, we’ll have that done by 2015 and at that point we’ll get the significant synergies. In terms of your second questions, are we seeing the synergies, we probably are going to see. We’re about 80% done with the purchasing synergies between Sator and ECP is just 20% more to go and I think that will continue to comment we continue to grow mass and size on being able to leverage that with our vendors. John as far as….
John Quinn: First, we believe we have a great set of management teams both in the Netherlands and in the UK, so this is not my new role s not change things there is really a focus of making through the integration between those goes a little bit better in terms of things like cataloging and some of the non-procurement related synergies and some of those other back office we can do a little bit better. And then I’ll be focusing on the integration trying to reduce the cost structure over there and improve the value proposition to the customer in terms of some of the ecommerce things that we could do, we have a decent ECP ecommerce strategy we like to bring that to the year. And then looking for additional acquisition both in terms of things that we can adjacencies where we can tuck and things, so as a example we did the paint deals in UK, we don’t distribute paint to the Netherlands that’s collision we don’t do in the Netherlands. So once we get our footprint build out in the Netherlands will be looking to further our adjacencies. And then additional markets, we’ve talk many times here large car park, large in the U.S. and then you define it and we think that, that is a good opportunity. Rob talked about the first-mover advantages. We do also have a couple of large projects going on there ECP is building a new warehouse necessarily large project. So we just going to be focusing on making sure we’ve got execution on that front.
Craig Kennison : That's really helpful. So when we look at European EBITDA margins, I think you finished the year with a quarter of 8.2% EBITDA margin. For the full year, it was probably closer to 9%, down from maybe approximately 11% last year. What is the right outlook? Can that business get back to double-digit EBITDA margins within the next two, three years? 
John Quinn: I believe it can, we’re carrying a lot of cost there associated with the start-ups with the Unipart branches that we took over that they are not generating as much revenue in Q4 and we’re still carrying the fair amount of duplicate cost in terms of some of the infrastructure is around the Sator acquisitions. As we expanded the collision business, you know we opened additional warehousing space in the UK which is causing additional distribution cost, I mentioned a moment ago the project rationalize that’s probably a 2017, 2018 project whether that actually it's a large we have to start it now. So eventually those things will bring down our average cost from the distribution front and some of I think talked about in terms of rationalize in the cataloging and some of those other expenses, we believe there is opportunity there. Yes, we definitely targeting to get back to double-digit.
Rob Wagman: I’ll answer that Craig, in 2012, after we did the aggressive branch opening at ECP we did 42 in 2012 we took the first half of 2013 on but we saw margin expansions. We’re 189 now we’ve always said the right number of somewhere between 200 and 225. I believe in two to three years you will see that margin expansions will be done with that build out and you will starting to see those margin expansion like we did in 2013.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel, Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
James Albertine: Great, thanks for taking the question. Let me just thank John for his years of service. Wish him the best of luck in his new role and welcome, Nick, to the team here at the outset. Lots of moving pieces, Rob, as you said, some of which are out of your control. Just a quick history lesson. Has there ever been a period of sustained scrap pressures while wholesale pricing, at least the Manheim index, moves higher? It seems like those, generally if they move down together and move up together. Do you recall a period where you've ever gone through what we're seeing today? 
Rob Wagman: We did go through it in a way Jamie I believe Manheim actually came down in ’08 but we’re seeing Manheim go up but scrap actually imploded in 2008 so just in a way now though is our weight was very sudden the scrap went from about $325 a ton as I recall down to very, very low numbers. This has been more gradual and actually ’08 from our perspective was better because it went down so quickly it drilled down the cost of our salvage so much. It is interesting when I look at what we’re paying in auction. In Q4, we paid $1990 on average sequentially it was down $48 in Q3 so we’re starting to see the scrap impact at the auctions. Because Manheim went up, you would think that our prices were gone so we believe that the decrease in the car cost of $48 was related to the scrap. So the problem is, we see a gradual drop but we did see this in ’08, ’09 and ’10 were good years for us as scrap recovered. One or two things was going to happen here either scrap will recover and that will be obviously a good thing or scrap will continue to be low and then we can adjust our buying appropriately which is one of the things that John mentioned one of the things we’re actively doing we’re driving down our cost on the acquisition side. So you will start to see that margin improve as that scrap stabilizes.
James Albertine: Got it. Very helpful. As relates to your guidance for organic growth, first of all, looking back it FY14, 9% looks quite strong. Just kind of stuck out with me that the range of 6.5 % to 9% seems fairly wide. What are the key swing factors that you are seeing there or anticipating? Particularly in light of what John mentioned around the sweet spot. Starting see the early stages of the benefits from SARs -- the SAR recovery, if you will. 
Rob Wagman: The wide range is a couple of factors obviously winter we think we’re having a good winter obviously and we started about the quarter so far I am sure someone to ask that anyway on January we were on plan for our numbers, February has been a interesting month because there was such weather inclement weather we had obviously major shutdowns in Boston and I understand Atlanta was shutdown yesterday by the governor. So February is going to be interesting months because of the inclement weather we certain do believe it’s going to be a snapback whether it’d be in March or April in the Q2 most likely due to it’s going to be likely have a snapback on all those cars getting into the repair shops. We are up against a huge comp in Q1 though. As you will recall last winter was really strong winter in terms of being very snowy very icy for the entire Untied States actually Atlanta had two ice clumps last year so we’re up against the top comp but we certainly believe this weather has been good to us. And in terms of our European organic growth ECP continue to built out so there are more opportunities there. As we get Sator through that three sub to two sub again which we’ve completed this year I think we’ll start to see some running there on the organic growth rate. So I think it’s some good things there are some headwinds of course in terms of just the core in back of the collision losses and where they are going to be in the spring and fall but we’re pretty bullish actually on our organic growth.
James Albertine: Again, very helpful. If I could sneak one more in, as it relates to your leverage ratio, just getting a kind of a sense of where you ended up at the end of FY14 and really with an eye toward your comments around the interest rate environment being favorable. There's some deals you can't pass up. Have you adjusted your max ratio, the most leverage that you could take on and still feel comfortable running the business day to day? Thanks. 
John Quinn: I think we really adjusted it in the -- if you look at just on the reported EBITDA basis I think we’re around 2.4 times if you adjust for the main covenant where we get credit for acquisitions we did late in the year and so forward and we’re closer to 2 times leverage. So leverage right now is very modest I would say and reasonable. And we haven’t changed if you just model during a very large acquisitions a $1 billion acquisition intent we had a reasonable multiple however did go up around 3 times. We’re still very comfortable with that. Historically we’ve had taken the leverage higher and one time back 2007 we ended up to about 4.8 times after the Keystone Automotive. I don’t see us that high but just because of the math it would be very difficult to do that. So it’s good opportunity in terms of we have take no leverage up before if we start doing acquisitions, the Company generates a lot of cash flow. Somebody just handed me a note. I think I misspoke. Our cash flow guidance, I think said $450 million approximately. It should be $425 million approximately, according to Press Release. So the company would deliver fairly quickly if we would ever stop doing acquisitions and as I said earlier if we can sign good accretive deals we are continue to try to do that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens. Please proceed with your question. 
Ben Bienvenu: It's actually Ben Bienvenu on for John. I wanted to talk about the ECP branch growth anticipated for next year, the 13 units. Do any of those include Unipart sites? And then as you look at your longer-term opportunity for ECP branches, as market dynamics change and as you learn more data about the customer set in that market, is there are opportunity for that to move up? Or do you think we're fairly zeroed in on what the opportunity is?
Rob Wagman : The new branches do consume Unipart conversions, it’s a tricky question because some of those branches move. We are taking one branch ECP brand and UA branch and bringing them together. So overall though it’s a combination of both new branches and combined branches as well. 
Ben Bienvenu : In the question on the longer-term opportunity, do you feel like you've zeroed in on that or is there an opportunity for that to move? 
Rob Wagman : I think in terms of the once we get the branch builder we are going to continue to expand the commission business in UK. We got the pretty much coverage in terms of country in terms of paint but the penetration of commission part is still relatively low when you compare the UK to the U.S. We believe there is a penetration of alternative parts is probably still maybe little bit under 10% versus 36% 37% in North America.  So there is a quite a bit of opportunity for expansion on the commission business as well. And then just looking at other penetration as I mentioned the e-commerce business is been growing fairly well which is getting that a retail customer more than traditional mechanical repaired market. 
John Quinn : Just one other thing I would add to that for the UK down the road. I did mention on the call that we entered Swedish salvage market this is still an opportunity we are looking at. So that’s an opportunity as all remanufactured. We have a remanufactured base here in the United States and we are looking to bring that into the UK as well as the continent as well. So that’s could be an opportunity for us. You will see us move on that within the next year or so. 
Ben Bienvenu : That's very helpful color, thanks. The second question, just related to State Farm, I assumed if there was any meaningful change in the activity there we would have heard something. I'd just like to get an update on what you are seeing there on terms of their buying of alternative parts. 
Rob Wagman : They continue to by our chrome bumpers the one that they did allow about year-ago. Our chrome bumper sales were up 22.3% for us. So they will continue to buy those products and we are cautiously optimistic that and we know they are happy with the results they told us that, we are cautiously optimistic that they actually turn up more and more parks. So nothing new update other than the fact that they continue to our chrome bumpers at a very healthy rate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed with your question. 
Scott Stember : Could you talk about how fuel costs, assuming they stay as low as they are right now, how that will impact margin as regards to your distribution set? 
John Quinn : John speaking, we did see a little bit of benefit in Q2 -- excuse me in Q4. We have our annual spend is about $90 million on fuel and that will be offset to some of these other negatives that we have been talking about and really in 2015. 
Scott Stember : Okay. Rob, you mentioned the West Coast ports earlier. Could you maybe talk about what you have been doing and what you plan to do? Are you diverting parts shipments to other ports throughout the country? 
Rob Wagman : We did do that Scott, the good news is that they have resolved and they are I believe the union has approved it. That was the one thing that was left outstanding but they have come to a settlement there is a backlog at the ports we are in very good shape actually. Our purchasing department done a phenomenal job of diverting cans from West Coast to the East Coast to north ports to other ports as well. So we are in good shape, we think it’s going to be a month or two before that backlog comes out. As John mentioned in his prepared remarks we did move some of that buying in the Q4, we did see this coming. So actually we are in great shape our fuel rate. No major concerns there at all.
Scott Stember : And last, just touching base on the commentary you made about the collision parts, potentially selling them in Sweden. Could you talk about penetration within the core European markets, such as where Sator is right now? 
Rob Wagman : The rents are just about identical, although interesting about last quarter we reported that UK alternate part rates are now up 9%, when we got into business at 7. We believe the economy is more on a 7 right now and we think there is an opportunity as I mentioned in my remarks that right there in programs with us in UK are ready on continent as well. So there should be a great opportunity all the way for us as far as to get that three step to two step model done, so we can get everybody on the same page, get our synergies and bring those products in. So, hopefully we’ll start seeing some parts moving in the side of the business by the end of this year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan: Just a little bit more color on the ECP margin issues, and I guess trying to understand was there brief price war that has since ended? I guess you are talking about seeing some recovery there. I'm just trying to understand what did impact the traditional auto parts market? 
Rob Wagman: Yes, there absolutely was what I’ll call ramp grab to that business, I think quite competitive it was also another entry into the marketplace that we have since acquired quite frankly APX Autopart. So it did quite aggressive for little bit, those days are behind us now and that we had in January and February margins of come out nicely in the UK business.
Bret Jordan : What’s your market share, do you think, in traditional parts through ECP?
Rob Wagman: Is very difficult to say it include the dealers, other -- dealers are still very important part of distribution network. We do include the dealers generally speaking Bret because they are selling parts as well of course into their maintenance sort of market. When you throw them in their it's in the 20% range, 20% to 25% range.
Bret Jordan : Okay. And then a question on alternative parts penetration in North America. I think John might have thrown a number out there, but what's your feeling for 2014 ending? Was it the use of 36 or 37?
John Quinn: It's going to be in that number for sure. One of the downsides of course the strong rate is the fact almost gets -- almost all they get OEM parts when they are [random moving parts] when they are new parallel. So, when those parts walk their way through to two, three, four years old out, we do expect that to take back up again, but it will mean the 36, 37 range again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Armstrong: My question also is on the potential pricing pressure. You discussed the UK. Any other pressure in the parts and service in North America or perhaps on the Continent, either from competitive pricing or from any softening in demand?
Rob Wagman: I’ll talk about the buying environment, as I mentioned though the stronger dollar is, I think on acute some of the exporters on the marketplace here, so I think we’ll be able to buy little bit better on salvage. We’ve seen though price pressure on the aftermarket side of the business both on the buy and sell. So, I don’t think we’re going to see any pressure on either sides of presence is here.
Bill Armstrong: Did I hear you say before that Sator will have higher costs as you migrate to a two-step model from a three-step? If I got that right, why -- what sort of costs would increase? Why would that happen? 
John Quinn: So, and there if you think on the traditional three step model we buy the product we ship it out one to date our customers and typically in large loads with on semi-trucks, when you go to a two step distribution model we’re still starting those same locations, but then we have the additional distribution accounts to take it to that final model as you will to smaller van to deliver with half hour, one hour service. So you got all those additional distribution cost. What you should be able to pick up is the margin, the gross margin from that distributor gets added to our gross margin so to speak you can met them obviously, but you do pick up the two margins instead of the one. So ultimately we believe the overall EBITDA margin when you take out all the cost individual customers should be better than operating independently. But in terms of the SG&A and in terms of the distribution cost it doesn’t go up slightly when you go into a two step distribution model versus a three step -- if you use the three step ever, does that make sense?
Bill Armstrong: Yes, that completely makes sense. And just one last quick question. What sort of income tax rate are you baking into your guidance for the new year? 
John Quinn: Some are between 34.5 and 35 given their size that can drive the $0.02 other way, it really going to depend on the mix, we don’t anticipating the changes I the taxes, the rates in the individual countries and as I mentioned in Q4 the income shifted for the full year more to the U.S. and way from some of the lower tax jurisdiction including the UK and the Netherlands and so is really you going to come down where the mix comes out.
Rob Wagman: To your earlier question about the margins in the U.S. and I just want to comment on some of just macro trends we’re seeing here, why, I think the margins won’t be get too much pressures because some of the tailwinds we’re seeing in the businesses likely to be strong. We got some of these but gas price is coming down and miles driving is increasing, unemployment is coming down, so see more people go to work and be it on the roads. Sator remain strong, which is really great for our KAO business. So it's interesting with the new car we got this information from CCC with the new strong rate total losses are actually flat now because there are much higher dollar cars coming to the repair process. So, we think the repair market is going to get a nice shot in the arm here. It’s pretty interesting they also pulled us repair costs are trending up 3.4% again also likely because of the newer car part which again bodes well for us because insurance companies are looking to drive the cost out. The other stack that CCC gave us which was really shocking to me is the 0.4 more parts per estimate being used in 2014 versus 2013 based on 19 million repairable so that’s roughly 7 million new parts coming on to estimates that weren’t there a year ago so that’s also impressive. The other thing that they told us which really caught me off guard quite frankly in 2009 39% of estimates had at least one aftermarket part on it in 2014 15% of estimates had at least one aftermarket part on it. So aftermarket continues to gain market share so I really think all those considered we’re in really good shape for the growth for the business and the core business remains strong and scrap deals and it will heal itself there is no doubt in my mind and FX will eventually the foreign exchange rates will settle down at some point I think we’re going to be in good shape.
Rob Wagman: I think that’s it. So I want to thank everyone for the time this morning. And look forward to speak to you in April for our first quarter results. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Devon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our third quarter 2014 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John has some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Also note that guidance for 2014 is based on current conditions, including acquisitions completed through October 30, 2014, and excludes any impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, loss on debt extinguishment and capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. In Q3, revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.72 billion, an increase of 32.6% as compared to Q3 2013. Net income for the third quarter of 2014 was $91.5 million, an increase of 24.6% as compared to $73.4 million for the same period in 2013. Diluted earnings per share of $0.30 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, increased 25% from $0.24 for the third quarter of 2013. Diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2014 would've been $0.31 compared to $0.25 for the third quarter of 2013 after adjusting for any net losses resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and changes in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. During the quarter, we achieved organic revenue growth and acquisition revenue growth for parts and services of 8.9% and 24.6%, respectively. I am particularly pleased with the North American organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.7%. Now more detail on our North American operations. During the third quarter, we purchased over 72,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 2.4% increase from Q3 2013. With the Manheim Index trending down over the last 5 months, I want to take a moment to touch on one aspect of our car buying that could impact us in the coming quarters. One way to grow recycled parts business is to simply buy more cars. If we buy 5% more vehicles and they are the right vehicles for which there is demand, then our revenue in that segment should increase proportionately. It is also possible to grow revenue buying a better-quality car, one that will part out for additional revenue. So while the number of vehicles we bought this quarter was up only modestly, we remain confident in our ability to grow the top line because of the better-quality car we are purchasing. While used car prices are falling, we have increased the average value of inventory acquired. We believe that this decision will drive incremental revenue and gross margin dollars in the coming quarters. Because of the life of the selling cycle, this will likely take 2 quarters to fully manifest itself in our results. During the quarter, our aftermarket parts business continued to deliver solid organic growth. Between 2009 and 2013, the average number of parts being replaced on a repair claim has increased 10% with 75% of the increase being captured by aftermarket parts. Insurers' expanded use of aftermarket parts is being driven by the value proposition of aftermarket parts and the increased supply availability as evidenced by a 32% year-over-year increase in the number of available certified parts. In our self-service retail business, during the third quarter, we acquired approximately 134,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars as compared to 128,000 in Q3 of 2013 or roughly a 4.5% increase. Now turning to our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to increase market share. In Q3, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 17.9%. This figure includes, for the first time, the paint businesses acquired in August last year. Excluding our paint locations, ECP's organic revenue growth during the quarter was 10.4% for branches open more than 12 months. I am particularly pleased with the ongoing double-digit organic growth despite facing unseasonably warm September, a soft overall economic environment in the U.K. during the quarter and coming up a year that benefited from aggressive branch openings in 2012. On August 7, 2014, ECP assumed the leases of 27 former Unipart Automotive branches. Unipart was a large competitor, which went into receivership during the quarter. We don't intend to retain all of these locations. Our plan is to keep some of the smaller satellite locations to existing branches. Some will become the main branch in that market, replacing our existing site. And some will be operated temporarily while we find a more suitable location in certain markets. When that rationalization is completed, we anticipate that we will net out 18 new ECP branches. Initially, we will incur some upfront costs with these transactions that will cause a drag on earnings. However, we believe this deal positions us well to continue our market share gains in the U.K. and advance our sales to the Unipart Car Care Centres and national accounts. In addition, we've been able to hire many experienced people from across former Unipart. Further highlighting this point, since Unipart went into receivership, our existing ECP branches have seen averages sales per day to Unipart Car Care Centres and national accounts increase 57% and 23%, respectively. During the quarter, ECP opened up a total of 15 branches, 3 new ECP branches and 12 converted Unipart Automotive branches, bringing our current network to 179 branch locations. Our target is to have 190 branches by year-end, including the balance of the Unipart locations. Now an update on ECP's collision program. During the quarter, we continued to witness strong double-digit year-over-year growth of nearly 30% with our collision parts sales. And for the first time, we are witnessing our impact to the U.K. APU rate. Based on reports from multiple industry participants, U.K. APU today stands at 9%, which is a 200 basis point improvement since we launched ECP's collision program in March of 2012. And of that 200 basis points improvement, we believe the vast majority is a direct result of our efforts in educating carriers and body shops of our value proposition to not only drive down cost but to assure them of the quality of the aftermarket collision products and ECP's ability to get them to the shop on time. In conjunction with the growth of ECP's collision parts program, I am also pleased with the growth we are achieving with ECP's paint sales from the distributors we acquired in August 2013. The growth we are witnessing with our paint sales further highlights the leverage and synergies our one-stop shop collision model can achieve in new geographic segments. Now let's turn to our Sator business. On August 27, 2014, the company completed its acquisition of an automotive aftermarket products parts distributor with 11 branches in the Netherlands. This acquisition supports our ongoing plan to convert Sator distribution network from a 3-step to a 2-step model. We anticipate that once we rationalize these 11 branch locations with Sator's existing network, we will net 8 new branches, bringing Sator's branch count to 60. As mentioned on previous calls, our target is 75 to 80 branches for building up the Netherlands market. Though we saw a decline in EBITDA margin in Europe this quarter, driven in part by integration of Netherlands distributors into Sator, we believe the strategic initiatives have positioned us well for executing our growth strategy. Despite the loss of some export sales, Sator posted 2.1% organic growth in the quarter. Now an update on our specialty segment. Keystone Specialty continued its strong performance by posting year-over-year growth of 13.4% in the quarter and year-to-date growth of 11% against its preacquisition results. To further expand Keystone Specialty's presence in the RV market with its existing NTP Distribution business, on October 3, the company announced that it acquired Stag-Parkway. Stag-Parkway is a leading aftermarket distributor of recreational vehicle parts and accessories in North America that has been serving a diverse base of over 6,000 customers from 600 suppliers for the past 50 years. Stag-Parkway offers a broad selection of parts and accessories with next-day shipments that covers 95% of North America. Stag currently operates 12 warehouses in the United States. We believe there are ample opportunities for synergies and for leveraging our existing North American distribution network with the combination of Stag and Keystone Specialty's existing RV business. In addition to the acquisitions in Europe and specialty segments, during the third quarter 2014, the company made 2 additional North American acquisitions, including a salvage yard in Nova Scotia, Canada and a heavy-duty truck salvage yard in Illinois. As you can see, we've been very busy with acquisitions and proud to report that we have completed 20 acquisitions for the first 9 months of 2014, including 12 in North America alone, with the additional 8 in Europe. Acquisition candidates continue to exist across all of our operating segments, and we are well positioned to execute operationally and financially as opportunities present themselves. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results for the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Revenue for Q3 2014 was $1.7 billion, an increase of $423 million or 33% over the $1.3 billion we achieved in Q3 2013. Earnings growth was a healthy 25% increase. I'll point out some things about earnings to help explain the difference relative to revenue growth. As a frame of reference, the way we looked at the quarter was as follows. Last year, in Q3, we reported $0.24 of diluted earnings per share when there was $0.01 unfavorable impact from restructuring, acquisition and contingent payment adjustments. There was also $0.01 favorable adjustment relating to discrete tax items. This year, our reported diluted earnings per share was $0.30. We had $0.01 of unfavorable impact from restructuring, acquisition and contingent payment adjustments. Not in our guidance but in our actual results was a further $0.005 of unfavorable impact associated with the new branch startups in the U.K. as a result of a competitor, Unipart, going into insolvency administration. In our guidance but not necessarily in some analyst models was the unfavorable impact of not being able to recognize profit on sales to recently acquired companies in the Netherlands. That was a further $0.01 impact of our earnings. I realize there's a lot going on here, so I'll repeat some of this analysis in the rest of my remarks. The revenue growth breaks down as follows: For Q3, our total organic revenue growth was 8.5% and we delivered additional growth of 22.7% from acquisitions with foreign exchange adding a further 1.3%. Organic growth of parts and services was 8.9%. Within that, we saw our North American operations grow organically 6.7% while the European segment grew 13.4%. North American growth was the highest we've reported in the last 5 quarters. We believe that this growth reflects the basic fundamentals of the company's markets and our value proposition. Last quarter, in our prepared remarks and in our recent investor presentations, we stated that we believe that we should start to see the benefit of higher miles driven, the benefit of higher new car sales starting to come into our sweet spot for alternative parts demand. The fundamental value proposition of alternative parts for the consumer and the insurance companies continues to drive demand as measured in parts consumption. It's our belief that these dynamics will continue to afford our industry and LKQ, in particular, opportunities for continued organic growth in North America. As we anticipated in the last quarterly call, the European segment showed lower growth as we have included the U.K. paint operations acquired in August last year in organic growth for the first time, along with Sator for a full quarter for the first time. Even including the paint businesses, ECP continues to show strong organic growth of 18%. We saw Sator return to positive organic revenue growth with a 2.1% improvement, helped by our expansion in France. With the acquisition of some of our major customers and converting the distribution to a 2-step model, we anticipated some loss of revenue in the base business. But through the first 6 months, those losses have been well controlled and the base business is growing even in a difficult economic environment. Acquisitions completed in the last 12 months through September 30 contributed $295 million to Q3 2014 revenue on a reported basis, including $4 million from acquisitions completed in Q3 2014. The annualized revenue from acquisitions completed in Q3 2014 was approximately $37 million or $9 million per quarter. Rob mentioned we acquired Stag-Parkway earlier in October. Obviously, none of that revenue is in the quarterly numbers. But for modeling purposes, we are estimating that Stag will have an annual revenue of approximately $180 million. Total change in other revenue, which is where we recorded scrap commodity sales, was positive 15%. Acquisitions contributed 9% positive growth and we had 6% organic growth, primarily volume increases, as fuel pricing was about 3% lower year-over-year. The average price we received for scraps deal was $215 per ton this year versus $221 per ton in Q3 2013. Other revenue was 10.3% of total revenue as compared to 11.9% for the same period last year, reflecting the declining relative importance of this revenue to our overall results. In Q3 2014, revenue for our self-serve business was $115 million or 6.7% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 31% of this revenue was parts sales included in North American parts and services revenue and 69% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin for Q3 2014 was $664 million or 38.6% of revenue, a decline of approximately 130 basis points from our gross margin percentage of 39.3% in Q3 2013. There was 130 basis point decline attributable to the specialty acquisition. Mix and some smaller acquisitions are offsetting a 60 basis point improvement in the base North American business. We are encouraged to see these continued improvements in the North American margins. As I explained in last quarter's call, we're not able to recognize the intercompany profit on sales by Sator to the newly acquired distributors until we complete 1 turn of inventory and those products are sold to the final customers. That process is behind us now. But in Q3 2014, it impacted our gross margins by approximately $4.6 million. Had we not had that impact, our gross margin percentage would have been 30 basis points higher and our EPS about $0.01 higher. Moving to operating expenses. Some of the comparisons are being affected by our specialty acquisition. In the specialty line of business, gross margins tend to be lower, but they incur relatively lower facility and SG&A costs. Specialty will affect the comparisons for the remainder of the year. Facility and warehouse costs were 7.7% of revenue in Q3 2014, a 60 basis point improvement over the 8.3% in Q3 last year. This improvement is primarily due to specialty, which tends to run lower facility costs than the rest of our operations. Distribution cost increased slightly from 8.4% of revenue in Q3 2013 to 8.6% this quarter. This change was mainly attributable to higher cost in the U.K., which was associated with the new branch openings and some startup costs, which we are incurring on the former Unipart locations. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 11.8% of revenue in Q3 last year to 11.2% in Q3 this year, an improvement of 60 basis points. Keystone Specialty accounts for 30 basis points of the improvement, but 20 basis points of that was offset by the Netherlands acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, we saw North American leverage generate a 50 basis point improvement in this market. So in summary, the combination of facility and warehouse, distribution and SG&A cost was 27.5% of revenue in Q3 2014 as compared to 28.6% in Q3 2013. About half of that improvement is a net impact of acquisitions, offset by incremental cost of ECP and the other half was leverage from the North American operations. During Q3 2014, we recorded $3.6 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, up from $2.2 million in Q3 last year. The 2014 cost is primarily related to the operations in the Netherlands. Depreciation and amortization was 1.8% of revenue during Q3 this year as compared to 1.6% of revenue in Q3 2013. This increase was due to higher amortization related to intangibles, primarily at the specialty acquisition. Other expenses net increased to $16.4 million in the 3 months ended September 2014, compared to $14.4 million in the same period last year, an increase of $2 million. The main components of the change included net interest expense, which is $1.2 million higher, with $2.4 million attributable to higher debt levels, partially offset by a $1.2 million reduction in lower interest rates. Adjustments to continued consideration were negligible this quarter as compared to an expense of $700,000 in Q3 last year. Other income is also negligible this year, whereas in Q3 2013, it was a positive $1.6 million. This change is also entirely due to currency changes, which generated income of $500,000 last year over a loss of $900,000 this year. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.5%. Our year-to-date effective income tax rate was 34% as compared to 34.6% the prior year. In Q3 2014, our effective rate was 34% versus 32.6% Q3 last year. As we previously disclosed, in Q3 last year, we had some favorable discrete items which lowered the rate, impacting earnings per share favorably by approximately $0.01 at that time. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.30 in Q3 2014 compared to $0.24 in Q3 2013, an improvement of 25%. Adjusting for the restructuring, acquisition-related expenses and contingent consideration adjustments, EPS would have been about $0.01 higher both this year and the last. So on an adjusted basis, Q3 would have been $0.31 as compared to $0.25 last year. I've also pointed the $0.01 EPS impact to gross margin caused by the Netherlands acquisitions and the $0.01 impact for discrete items in last year's taxpayers. We believe the U.K. branch openings will have further unanticipated $0.005 loss this year. We always have some types of these costs in the company. But in this case, they were not contemplated in our July guidance. Switching to our year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $323 million through 9 months in 2014 compared to $341 million in 2013. Net income and depreciation were favorable to cash flow by $67 million and $29 million, respectively. Growth in accounts receivable was an incremental 35 -- $34 million use of cash as we continue to grow revenue organically. Similarly, inventory was an incremental use of cash of $37 million as we invest in inventory for the expanded business. The timing of cash taxes resulted in a higher outflow of funds in 2014 compared to 2013 of $20 million and other operating assets was a net use of $21 million, primarily as a result of interest payments on our senior notes and bonus payments in 2014. Capital spending was $100 million in the first 9 months of 2014, and we spent $651 million in cash on acquisitions, the largest being specialty, which accounted for $427 million of the total. During the quarter, we amended our asset securitization program, increasing the facility size from $80 million to $97 million and extending the maturity to October 2017. We ended Q3 2014 with $1.9 billion of debt and cash and cash equivalents were $245 million. Availability in our credit facility was approximately $1.1 billion and with the cash, total liquidity was approximately $1.4 billion. So we have the capacity to pursue additional acquisitions if suitable opportunities arise. Now turning to guidance. The new guidance is calling for net income between $405 million and $417 million. That equates to revised earnings per share guidance of $1.32 to $1.36. We left the remainder of our guidance unchanged from February. Our guidance in 2014 for organic revenue growth from parts and services is 8% to 10% and our guidance for capital expenditures is $110 million to $140 million with cash from operations of approximately $375 million. I'll point out where we see some differences from the last quarter and how we think those impacted Q3 or may impact Q4. Relative to the guidance we provided in Q2, the major changes we've seen relate to the U.K. branch expansion, foreign exchange rates and scrap. The new U.K. branch openings since our last call were not anticipated in our prior guidance. We acquired these locations on very favorable terms. And while it should be a long-run positive for us, they are requiring some initial further investment. We are working very quickly to get these opened and expect that the portfolio will be largely rationalized by the end of the year. We believe that the losses from this program likely will cost us about $0.005 in earnings per share in Q3 and will be almost $0.01 loss in Q4. As I'm sure listeners are aware, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against many currencies, including the Canadian dollar, the euro and the pound. We believe this negatively impacted us in Q3 partly because the earnings convert to lower U.S. dollars but also with short-term losses we recorded in other income, which I mentioned a moment ago. We believe that given where rates are today, we could see $0.015 to $0.01 impact to earnings per share relative to the Q2 guidance. Scrap was down slightly in Q3 but not really enough to call out as an issue. However, we have seen fairly steep drops in October, and we're hearing there's potential further drops in November. We are adjusting our car buying to reflect this, but that takes time and can cause some volume decreases, as we tend to leave the market on the downside. It is possible that we could see the combined volume price from scrap being as much as $0.01 impact to EPS in Q4. As we have discussed before, we see these fluctuations as short-term gains and losses, which take a quarter or 2 to correct but fundamentally don't change the business. And one final reminder, the U.K. paint businesses were included in our organic growth only half the quarter and they'll be in the figure for the full quarter in Q4. So we may get a slight tick-down in the European organic growth as a result of that. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Rob before we open it up to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our results in the third quarter and for the first 9 months of the year and we are optimistic of what lies ahead for our company. Looking ahead, in North America the recent upswing in miles driven, lower gas prices and increased new car sales should provide nice tailwind to our collision business. In addition, a younger car part that is fully insured and more frequent driving should equate to a higher accident frequency, resulting in more repairs. For insurance companies, the competition for premium dollars is fierce with the personal lines insurance industry today spending more than 3x what they spent on marketing and advertising in 2002. We view this as a positive for LKQ because the value proposition of alternative collision parts continues to be a real solution for insurance carriers to drive down their costs. Another potential positive is that we continue to believe that as more new cars are sold; used car prices will continue to fall. The Manheim Index is down over 1% year-over-year through September, which is good for the cost of the salvage vehicles we procure for our North American recycling business. And as you can see by the acquisitions completed thus far in 2014, North America continues to be a priority in key segments for LKQ, and we have runway to grow our network within all lines of our businesses. In the U.K., in just 2 years, we have built aftermarket-only collision parts business from scratch, which is now approaching $70 million of revenue. Our efforts in the U.K. have played the key role in driving APU growth by 28%. We continue to believe there are ample opportunities to grow this business line in the U.K. and soon the launch on the continent. Again this growth has been accomplished with aftermarket collision parts only, leaving many more untapped opportunities for LKQ in Europe, including salvage, reman and heavy truck, which we continue to explore regularly. In Europe, there are approximately 280 million vehicles on the road, roughly 14% larger than the United States, yet there is no pan-European distributor scale serving the professional mechanical and collision repair. In just over 2 years, LKQ is a leading player in Europe servicing these customers. This dynamic highlights the fragmented nature of this operating segment and a market ripe for consolidation. Lastly, our acquisition strategy has always been to acquire the best assets we can with the best management teams and use those strengths to lever the business to higher growth rates. Clearly, Keystone Specialty fits that criteria and we believe there is opportunity to grow this segment in the niches it serves. In closing, our team of over 29,000 employees work tirelessly to create and evolve what we will believe is a unique company. Our extensive networks, the breadth of our inventory and our industry-leading fulfillment position us well to deliver consistent growth organically and from acquisitions across all of our operating segments. This combination should translate into continued long-term value for our stockholders. And with that, Devon, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of key points that you highlighted, organic growth, U.K. APUs, up 200 basis points, and then Sator profit. I want to ask one quick clarification and a follow-up. Rob, on one of the comments you made with respect to the focus on late-model vehicle purchases, it seems to tie with what you're talking about in terms of the sweet spot in terms of the growth of kind of 3-, 4-, 5-year-old units in operation. But at the same time, it doesn't seem like you're looking for any degradation in the pricing environment. So perhaps is that an element of sort of conservatism in your outlook that could incrementally drive a better result looking into the fourth quarter and beyond?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Jamie, obviously, with car parts shifting to a newer car part, this was a strategy of ours that we have led very quickly. We want to start buying a newer car. That's going to do a couple of things for us. As I mentioned on previous calls, with our shifts switching from an average request of a 7-mod-year car to a 9-mod-year-old car, we were selling an older car part at a lower price. We do believe that we can, in essence, acquire the same number of cars and increase our top line to meet our expectations because we'll be selling at a higher price. With Manheim coming down as well, we do expect a lower cost of this type of vehicles across the board. So we can buy a better car that will part for more at a reasonable price because of Manheim coming down. So it was a conscious shift on our part and we think we can take advantage of that going into 2015 and beyond.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: It just sounds like it's building, I guess, is my point as well.
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely, yes. You're going to see that sweet spot start to get a lot stronger here as those 16 and 17 million car parts move its way towards 2 and 3 years old, which is already happening. So we believe that we're going to start seeing some tailwind from that for sure.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. Very helpful. And then as a follow-up, just on the gross margin side, John, thanks for the details as well, trying to understand a little bit on the Sator comment you made. But overall, 130 basis point degradation year-over-year with a 60 basis point lift in core, which has been, I think, consistent with the last 2 or 3 quarters of 60, 70 basis point lift in core. So as we look into the fourth quarter and beyond, we're going to cycle through some of the bigger-picture acquisition headwinds. How should we think about the compares if you look into 2015? It seems like it will be a positive environment for further gross margin expansion. But what are the headwinds that we're missing that we should be considering for next year as well?
John S. Quinn: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. So there's about 130 basis point drop in Q3 year-over-year. I think we called out about 130 basis of that was specifically tied to the Keystone Specialty acquisition. We think there's about 60 basis points that's just tied to some of the smaller deals, including some of those -- the acquisitions that we did in the Netherlands, where we weren't able to recognize the intercompany profit that you would normally see coming through in the inventory until we actually sell that product through an inventory turn. That's behind us now. It was about a $4.6 million impact at relatively low tax rate in the Netherlands of 25%. So that was probably about another 30 basis points. Obviously, that's not a year-over-year impact, but it is in the numbers, and we just want to try to explain that because I'm not sure everybody appreciated that, even when we tried to call it out on the last quarterly call. And then you did see at the North American base business, we have about 60 basis point improvement. So those 2 kind of netted off against each other. In terms of what's going -- where we see coming down the pipeline, obviously we won't have a repeat of that intercompany issue in Q4, that's behind us. We do think though that scrap is going to fall. We know scrap is falling, and we don't know how far. But I did call out that it could be about $0.01 impact. So in North America, $5 million is roughly $0.01. So that will probably hurt us in Q4 a little bit. But that, I guess, I said, will be offset by the impact of Sator picking up. And then you just have the normal seasonality in terms of the base business. Generally speaking, the collision business is a little bit stronger. And so we do normally see a seasonal impact. It is a positive on that side. Sometimes the margins can be a little bit weaker on the mechanical side in Europe because you have December, where it's lower in Keystone and Stag acquisition are obviously going to be. That's a seasonal low for them as well. Going into next year, obviously we're not giving guidance yet for that. But a lot of these things that I just talked about are sort of more -- I won't call them one-time events, but they're unusual events that we don't expect to repeat. Obviously, the scrap, we address our procurement. So that will bleed through in the quarter, so -- and then we'll get through the Sator thing, continue the integration with respect to some of the integrations over there. It's probably a little bit of a drag with respect to the opening of the new branches in the ECP. So we may see a little bit improvement there, as Rob mentioned, with respect to the car cost as well. So that's maybe a little bit more than you asked for, but...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A question as it relates to the Keystone Specialty business. I mean, could you sort of just refresh us on what its growth was on a comparable basis, and then how you're seeing that underlying industry growth? I mean, that number, it seems like it's expanding better than the rate of performance parts. And maybe some feeling for market share gains or what might be driving the expansion there.
Robert L. Wagman: Bret, year-over-year on the core was 13.4% and year-to-date was 10.3%. So I think what's driving that is the SAAR rate. There's no doubt about it. People are most likely going to accessorize their vehicle at the time of purchase. And many of our better customers or dealerships have really rolled this right into the bank note. So we are very bullish on that quite frankly with the SAAR rate being strong. We think their growth rate is going to continue for as long as the SAAR rate remains strong.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then on Stag, could you give us any more color as far as what their productivity maybe EBITDA rates were on that $180 million in revenues?
Robert L. Wagman: Well, let me talk full synergy, where we think we're going to be on that, Bret. Let's talk about the deal as a whole. We paid approximately $110 million for the business with revenue of circa $180 million, as John mentioned. Post synergies -- and we think there's a lot, they have a couple of years to get that. There's a lot of warehouse consolidation that needs to be done. But post synergy, we expect we'll be in the multiple range of our normal multiple range that we pay for business, in the 4 to 6. And I believe it will be closer to the lower end of the range than the higher end of the range when we're all said and done.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Any news out of State Farm? Could you give us an update on where they are with the chrome bumper business, if there's any signs of expanding that?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. This quarter, again really good growth on chrome bumpers. We were up 22.4%. And again really hard to tie how much of that is to State Farm, but we know the market wasn't growing at 22.4% for sure. So we think they have a lot to do with that. Nothing new coming on out of Bloomington, unfortunately. But we remind them every quarter of the results and they show their appreciation for that. There is one uptick to the insurance side of the business. GEICO insurance just became the second-largest insurance company in the United States. It overtook Allstate. They just had phenomenal growth. They're very active users of our products. So even if some of the bigger companies, the State Farms, continue to not use our products, gains by aggressive companies like GEICO continue to bode well for us and really provide a great future.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then one last question, on the 60 basis points gross margin expansion in North America core, could you give us a color on what the pricing environment looks like as far as competition? Is product sourcing generating the margin? Or is it a less competitive pricing environment that's helping?
John S. Quinn: It was spread across all the lines of business, I think. We saw a little bit improvement in the self-service business. We saw the aftermarket business, we are benefiting a little bit from, we believe, better procurement on that side of the business. It's difficult to say exactly how the Manheim Index is impacting us in terms of the salvage business because as it's coming down, as Rob mentioned, we are buying a slightly better car. So we're investing in more expensive cars than we were a year ago. But we believe that's going to ultimately translate into higher organic growth because they'll have higher -- those cars will part out for more dollars.
Robert L. Wagman: And let me just add one thing, Bret, that Q3 historically has not been one of our better gross margin quarters. So to have that expansion in this quarter, we're very pleased with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe start with the guidance, especially on Q4. Your full year organic growth guidance is unchanged, but you're up 9.1% for the first 9 months. So if I do the math, you've got a pretty wide range for Q4. Any insight into why you've decided to keep it so wide? And maybe what are trends looking like so far this quarter?
John S. Quinn: We just didn't really see any reason to change it, quite frankly. I think it's more than a meaningful change to try to tweak it down or up meaningfully in the quarter to be perfectly frank. In terms of the quarter-to-date, do you have any comments?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. The quarter so far, October, obviously we're 3 weeks in -- almost 4 weeks in, going to plan. We always seem to get a little bit of uptick when we switch to daylight savings time, which happens next week, so pretty much to plan.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to Europe and your progress with insurance companies there, I'm curious if there's some kind of internal metric you use to determine the pace of adoption? Obviously, you've talked about the whole industry being up pretty significantly. But I'm wondering if you can track your progress with specific insurance companies and if some are outperforming others in terms of their adoption curve.
Robert L. Wagman: We can certainly, Craig, where they have their own collision repair shops. And we are seeing more and more adoption through that. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the 200 basis point improvement, we believe, we have a major part in that increase. So we do watch the insurance companies, again with their own body shop, so we could track that. Outside, when they're using independents and the direct repair facilities, it's much more difficult because we often don't know who the carrier is at that time. Our focus now is to really hone in on those 17 carriers that we have those relationships with that have an 80% market share and just keep driving the business. No negative news out of any of those carriers whatsoever, not a pullback. So we're optimistic that we can continue to drive this. And at some point, we're going to bring this to the continent. And really what we're waiting for there is really skip the integration of the 3 -- the companies that we bought, the end line distributors at Sator. Once that's complete and we think we'll do that in 2015, we'll be able to watch the collision parts program on the continent.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And finally, I imagine as your insurance company partners are successful with the adoption of these aftermarket parts, they'll start considering recycled parts. At what point do you think it will make sense for you to introduce those types of parts as well?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. It's going to be sooner than later. We have people looking at opportunities over there. We made initially a promise to them that if they adopted the aftermarket parts, we would look to expand our business. They clearly have done that. So I think you'll see us enter the salvage parts business in 2015 somewhere in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you take a step further and just go on the European side and maybe walk through sort of that -- the differences maybe in the flows? Obviously, it's a favorable development to get those stores from Unipart. But just give us a little difference in the flows of the upfront cost versus -- on this deal versus if you were just greenfield.
John S. Quinn: John, it's John Quinn speaking. I'll just start and Rob can supplement it maybe. The Unipart branches, at the time they went into administration, they had been 165 location and were doing, we think, around GBP 165 million. So their productivity at those individual branches is obviously much smaller than what an equivalent ECP branch would do. They were shut down for a number of weeks. And so obviously some of the customers have gone away. We acquired the leases through the administration process, went back and tried to hire as many of the staff that we thought we could that were associated with those branches. But we basically got no inventory. We had to take the signage down. We had to rerack them, and then get our inventory in there and get them into our system. So it's not too dissimilar to a greenfield. I guess, the point we were trying to make was that those things were not in our original guidance. We didn't anticipate the normal startup losses, which is why we didn't really just called them out as a unique item in the press release. We always have some of those costs. Last year, we had some branch openings going on. And so we always have some of those costs. This is just a change from relative to what we had expected in Q2 at the time we did the guidance. So the plan is to take those 27 locations, some of them we're just using as a starter location to get the market going and we're going to actually close the branches and open a bigger branch of our own once we find a suitable site. In a couple of cases, they did have some bigger locations, and we are going to move our location into theirs. And in some cases, we decided that the facility was inappropriate. That's why Rob said out of the 27, we think we're going to net around 18 locations. So you end up -- and we wanted to retain those staff with the additional costs, get training those people into our systems, getting the inventory in, getting the system set up. And it's a big piece of -- there's a lot going on there in a very short period of the time, which is why the costs were a little bit high. But I'd just point out, we did buy these at a very favorable price. We basically assumed the leases and got paid for some small, minor assets.
Robert L. Wagman: And I think, John, just to add on to what John said, I think in a perfect world, the greenfield would be perhaps desirable because you can pick your locations and you can build it from scratch. But because the opportunity with them going to receivership, we wanted to move quickly. So it will take a little bit longer, but we're obviously excited about the opportunity. And as you noted from the results, I imagine on the UCC stores, Unipart Car Care Centres and the national accounts, we are starting to get some of that business for sure.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And secondly on the specialty business, so the acquired business you got, if you look at that from a gross margin standpoint will as you tie that in with Keystone, will you get -- will that leverage come from buying synergies or basically just from this warehouse transition? Or are the operating models today about the same?
John S. Quinn: In terms of the gross margin, we hope to achieve some procurement synergies over time with that. You don't -- ultimately, the -- it's running at the moment on lower EBITDA margin than a normal business. But we believe we can get it up through the rationalization of the inventory and the distribution system or the warehousing and the distribution system.
Robert L. Wagman: We would definitely get some pickup on the purchasing, but [indiscernible] the synergies that we get from bringing the distributions together.
John S. Quinn: Right. But that's not going to go through the gross margin line, by and large. A lot of that [indiscernible] the facility and warehousing and distribution lines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question for you -- and I don't want to beat you guys up on the gross margin line. I mean, I recognize that the real leverage in the business model isn't there. But we do get a lot of questions on it. And so I'm just thinking from a trend basis, do you think gross margin could return to above the 40% range again? I mean, how should we think about this kind of longer term?
John S. Quinn: The business has evolved quite a bit from the days when we were enjoying almost 45% margins. So there's a lot of structural things going on in terms of some of the acquisitions we've done. And we've made conscious decisions to adopt paint, for example. The Keystone Automotive acquisition is another example. There is a lower gross margin associated with those businesses. We believe we get those back in terms of better inventory turns or better distribution efficiencies. And by the time we get down to the return on capital, those are still very attractive opportunities for us. The second component is that during a rising commodity environment, you tend to get a little bit of a tailwind and a little bit of a headwind when it's coming down. And if you look at the scrap prices over the course of the last year, so they've actually been drifting down slightly. It could have probably been a little bit headwind to us, not enough to call out on in a particular quarter, other than as I mentioned, Q4 it seems like it's stepping down more dramatically than normal. So I think in terms of those 2 things, you're always going to have the volatility associated with the scrap. But there's some structural things that have changed that are not going to really change dramatically. In terms of the salvage business, that's the third component that I'd always point to. Since the time that business, we've had some compression associated with that with the Manheim Index coming up and more what we're paying for vehicles going up, that remains to be seen. We believe that it's going to come down as we see the cost of cars come down. But when that comes back down, that business is not as large a component of our total company as it was back in the days -- back in, say, 2009 days. So that even if it came back to where the margin it enjoyed before this event, you're not going to see the impact to the total company gross margins. So I think over time, there is some opportunity, as we get bigger to lever some of the procurement opportunities in Europe, for example. I believe there's some more opportunities as we rationalize, for example, Stag-Parkway with the Keystone Automotive operations. There are some opportunities to improve that. But fundamentally, what we pay for vehicles, we're a price taker in terms of the option prices on the salvage business. And we think we're probably already one of the biggest customers of many of our suppliers on the salvage -- on the aftermarket collision side. So there may be some opportunities to improve scale in that. Most of the leverage from the business that comes through the distribution network and through the facility warehouses and the SG&A obviously as we see technology also starting to improve a little bit on that end.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And that's very helpful. And then one final question, just more of a strategic question. If we think about the North American market and the opportunities for further consolidation for you guys, where is the main focus right now? Are you focusing on heavy truck? Or is it in a different area?
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's across all the business, John. Still, there's 6,000 recyclers in the United States. We own roughly 190 locations. So there's great opportunity on the salvage side; heavy truck, absolutely good opportunity; self-serve, we will continue to look at those opportunities as well. But the aftermarket, I would say, pretty well developed. We've got dots on the map pretty much in all of North America. However, we'll continue to look at fully niche businesses, like paint, cooling and that type of stuff. So I believe there's a lot of opportunities left in North America. I always point to Southern California as a great example. We have one dot on a map in our salvage in Santa Fe Springs just outside of L.A. servicing what I believe is probably one of the bigger per capita areas between San Diego and L.A. So a really good opportunity to keep growing all lines of the business. And of course, Europe is still very, very wide open in my mind. We like to say that, roughly after 2 years, we're probably the biggest supplier of mechanical components in Europe in just 2 years. So that is a great opportunity as well.
Operator: Our final question will be from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could update us on the transition in Europe to the 2-step distribution model. Rob, I think you mentioned that the acquisition in the Netherlands might help that along. And would we be talking just about the Netherlands or into France and other countries as well?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. At this point, Bill, we are talking just the Netherlands. We will look at France. We did add a location in France earlier this year. So we're up to 3 locations in France. But in terms of the Netherlands build-out, with the latest acquisition we did that we just announced in August, we're up to 60 locations. And we think the right number is somewhere between 75 and 80. So we're certainly well on our way to getting that done. Now the work is getting them on synergies and rationalizing the businesses, which we have a team over there doing, working on that regularly. And as we mentioned on the last call, too, Bill, we did pro forma reduction in revenue. We were pleased with the organic growth, a big positive this quarter. Last quarter, it was negative. So we are making our strides there. And I suspect by a couple of quarters, we will have reached our target of 75 to 80.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And how does that impact the transition from 3-step to 2-step?
Robert L. Wagman: Well, that will allow us to virtually cover the entire Netherlands with our 2-step model. So we will basically be done with the Netherlands. Now of course, going after the business will be the next step. I guess, there are no other questions. So thank you, everyone, for your time this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you in February, when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director, Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Devin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2014 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open up the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are currently unknown to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning, for more information on potential risks. Also note that guidance for 2014 is based on current conditions, including acquisitions completed through July 31, 2014, and excludes any impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses; gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; loss on debt extinguishment; and capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. In Q2, revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.71 billion, an increase of 36.5% as compared to Q2 2013. Net income for the second quarter of 2014 was $104.9 million, an increase of 38.5% as compared to $75.7 million for the same period of 2013. Diluted earnings per share of $0.34 for the second quarter ended June 30, 2014, increased 36% from $0.25 for the second quarter of 2013. Please note that adjusted diluted earnings per share for the second quarter 2014 would have been $0.35 compared to $0.26 for the second quarter of 2013 after adjusting for any net losses resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, losses of debt extinguishment and the changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. During the quarter, we achieved organic revenue growth and acquisition revenue growth for parts and services of 8.1% and 31%, respectively. I am particularly pleased with this performance, given we were able to translate this revenue growth into an improved bottom line, with a 39% increase in net income and a 36% increase in diluted EPS, despite the tough year-over-year comparatives. Now more detail on our North American operations. During the second quarter, we purchased over 71,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 2.4% decrease from Q2 2013. While our purchases were slightly down year-over-year in Q2, the backlog from a strong Q1 purchasing environment left us with solid inventory levels of product to continue the growth of our recycled parts operations in Q2 and now into Q3. In our self-service retail businesses, during the second quarter, we acquired approximately 143,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars as compared to over 135,000 in Q2 of 2013 or roughly a 6% increase. Lastly, in our North American operations, I want to update everyone on State Farm and their previously announced use of aftermarket certified chrome front and rear bumpers. During the quarter, sales of this particular part type were up 22% year-over-year, which we believe is partially attributable to State Farm. At this point, we are not aware of State Farm considering a broader use of our aftermarket offerings, but we do remain encouraged, given that we estimate they are witnessing savings of approximately 20% on this part type alone. Clearly, a broader program which includes aftermarket other sheet metal and body panels, offers State Farm and its policyholders tremendous economic benefits. Now turning to our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to increase market share. In Q2, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 22.3%. For branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 14.4% during the quarter. This performance was particularly impressive given that ECP had 1 less selling day year-over-year. Also during the quarter, ECP opened 9 branches, bringing our total to 20 for the year, the number we initially scheduled for 2014. Given the recent disruption with one of our main competitors in the U.K. market, we are currently assessing whether or not we will accelerate the opening of additional branches this year. And now an update on ECP's collision program. During the quarter, we continued to win strong double-digit year-over-year growth of over 33% with our collision parts sales at ECP despite the headwind of an extremely mild winter in the U.K. and, again, 1 less selling day. In addition, during the second quarter, ECP added 2 additional insurers into ECP's pilot program, bringing our total carrier relationship to 17. These 2 new carriers each signed agreements identifying ECP as the first distributor of choice for non-OE collision parts with their respective body shop networks. I am quite pleased with the carrier penetration we have achieved since we launched ECP's collision program and pleased to note that these 17 carriers represent well over 80% of the auto insurance market in the U.K. And lastly, on Europe, on May 30, 2014, the company completed its acquisition of 5 Netherlands parts distributors, all of which were customers of Sator. Combined, these distributors added 52 branches to Sator's Netherlands network. Strategically, this deal accelerates our efforts in converting Sator's distribution network from a 3-step to a 2-step model, strengthens our growth and prospects and margin profile and positions the business well for eventual entry into the alternative collision parts market in the Benelux. Although it is still early, these 5 acquisitions are meeting our expectations. Now to our Specialty segment. Keystone Specialty continues to outperform many of our operational and financial expectations. John will cover the financial performance for our Specialty segment, but operationally, I'd like to give you a brief update on Keystone. Just finalizing the acquisition in January, Keystone has closed 12 cross dock facilities and added an additional 36 drop points into existing wholesale operations. This cross dock initiative has reduced our driving distances and improved our customer experiences, while allowing us to reinvest resources toward adding more frequent deliveries and building the delivery network capable of handling more revenue growth going forward. Furthermore, we are well on our way to launching our new distribution center in Texas, which will be operational later this year and provide additional access to a substantial truck and off-road market. In addition, Keystone continues to make great progress identifying cross-selling opportunities for our existing products. Keystone, through recent systems and sales exploration efforts, now offers over 1,000 collision SKUs, an ATK remanufactured engine line and over 20,000 SKUs from our Goodmark aftermarket muscle car and classic lines to their Specialty customers. Lastly on Keystone, in July, all HR functions have been fully integrated into LKQ processes, and efforts in other administrative areas are on target. Moving on to acquisitions and development initiatives. In addition to the acquisition of the 5 Netherlands parts distributors, during the second quarter of 2014, LKQ made 6 additional acquisitions, all of them in North America, including a paint distributor in Texas; a self-serve yard in Georgia; a paint distributor with 6 locations in Ontario; a paint distributor in New York; an aftermarket collision parts distributor with locations in Florida and Georgia; and finally, a tire recycler in Ohio. As we enter the back half of the year, we continue to witness a steady flow of M&A opportunities in the geographies and segments in which we operate. Given the strength of our balance sheet and operational capabilities, I believe we are well positioned to execute on more strategic acquisitions. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Rob mentioned that the top line revenue of $1.7 billion for the quarter was an increase of $457 million or 37% over the $1.25 billion we achieved in Q2 2013. This is the second consecutive quarter LKQ is annualizing revenue in excess of $6.5 billion, with quarterly EBITDA over $200 million and net income over $100 million. So overall, pretty solid back-to-back quarters. The revenue growth breaks down as follows: For Q2, our total organic revenue growth was 6.6%, and we delivered additional growth of 28.3% from acquisitions, with foreign exchange adding a further 1.7%. Organic growth for parts and services was 8.1%. Within that, we saw our North American operations grow organically 5.3%, while the European segment grew 15.6%. We were facing a difficult comparison to Q2 2013 in the North American segment when we reported 7.3%. Although we believe the shops had good backlogs going into Q2 this year, they had a similar situation last year with the late winter in 2013. The European segment showed lower growth as we've included Sator for the first time. ECP continues to show strong organic growth of 22%, but Sator had an organic revenue decline of 6.9%. The Sator negative growth appears to be related to general market conditions, particularly for some of our private label product, which was exported, and the impact of acquisitions on the base business. With the acquisition of some of our major customers and converting the distribution to a 2-step model, we anticipated some loss of revenue in the base business. Meanwhile, as Rob mentioned, the sales of the garages by our newly acquired distributors are progressing well. Acquisitions completed in the last 12 months to June 30 contributed $354 million to Q2 2014 revenue on a reported basis, including $25 million from acquisitions completed in Q2 2014. The annualized revenue from acquisitions completed in Q2 2014 is approximately $220 million or roughly $55 million per quarter. I know we've got some questions about our Specialty segment, which is where we are reporting the revenue for Keystone Specialty, the company we acquired in January this year. For Q2 2014, our revenue for that segment was $218 million. While we didn't own Keystone last year, we estimated that their revenue was $196 million for Q2, so that business grew 11% year-over-year, hence, Rob's comments of our being pleased with its progress. Total change in other revenue, which is where we record our scrap commodity sales, was positive 7%. While acquisitions contributed 11% positive growth, that was offset by negative 4% growth from our existing business. We saw a decline in both pricing and volumes, with pricing being down on scrap steel about 5% and our volumes of aluminum and other precious metals lower year-over-year. The average price we received for scrap steel was $217 per ton this year versus $228 per ton in Q2 2013. Other revenue was 9.8% of total revenue compared to 12.6% in the same period last year, reflecting the declining relative importance of this revenue to our overall results. In Q2 2014, revenue from our self-service business was $109 million or 6.4% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 32% of this revenue is parts sales included in North American parts and services revenue and 68% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. A year ago, in Q2 2013, our self-serve business was 8.8% of revenue. The lower percentage this year reflects the lower commodity prices and the faster growth of our other lines of business. Our reported gross margin for Q2 2014 was $671 million or 39.3% of revenue, a decline of approximately 140 basis points from our gross margin percentage of 40.7% in Q2 2013. The primary reason for this decrease was a 210 basis point decline attributable to acquisitions completed after March 2013, including 120 basis points related to the specialty acquisition and 90 basis points from other acquisitions. Excluding these items, we saw an improvement of about 70 basis points in the North American operating margins. Moving to our operating expenses. Some of the comparisons are being affected by the Specialty and Sator acquisitions, which both operate 3-step models to some extent. In this model, gross margins tend to be lower than in the 2-step approach, but they incur relatively lower facility, distribution and SG&A costs. Sator will not affect these comparisons as much going forward because it was in Q2 2013 for 2 of the 3 months. Specialty will affect comparisons for the remainder of the year. Facility and warehouse costs were 7.5% of revenue in Q2 2014, a 70 basis point improvement over 8.2% in Q2 last year. This improvement is primarily due to the Specialty acquisition, which tends to run at lower facility costs than the rest of our operations. Distribution costs increased slightly from 8.5% of revenue in Q2 2013 to 8.6% this quarter. This change is mainly attributable to higher costs in the U.K., which is associated with the new branch openings and offset by lower costs from the Specialty segment. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 11.7% of revenue in Q2 last year to 10.9% in Q2 this year, an improvement of 80 basis points. Keystone Specialty accounts for 50 basis points of the improvement, but we also saw operating leverage in the balance of the business with a 30 basis point improvement. The combination of facility and warehouse, distribution and SG&A costs was 27% of revenue in Q2 2014 as compared to 28.4% in Q2 2013. I've explained much of this improvement is due to the acquisitions we've completed, but it's worth pointing out again that the drop of other revenue relative to the total revenue is masking the leverage we're achieving in the base business. It's hard to accurately quantify the exact impact, but as I've pointed out in the past, other revenue tends to incur very little incremental cost on these line items. During Q2 2014, we recorded $5.9 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, up from $3.7 million in Q2 last year 2014 costs primarily related to the specialty and Netherlands acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization was 1.8% of revenue during Q2 this year as compared to 1.5% of revenue in Q2 2013. This increase is due to higher amortization related to intangibles, particularly from the Sator and Specialty acquisitions. Other expenses, net, decreased to $13.9 million in the 3 months ended June 2014 compared to $14.9 million in the same period last year, a decrease of $1 million. The main components of the change include interest expense which was $3.1 million higher, with $4.6 million attributable to higher debt levels and a $1.5 million reduction from lower interest rates. During Q2 2013, we included -- we incurred a $2.8 million loss related to the debt extinguishment costs. Adjustments to contingent consideration were income of $0.8 million in Q2 this year as compared to an expense of $200,000 last year in the same period. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.4%. Our year-to-date effective tax rate was 34% compared to 35.4% in the first half of 2013, reflecting our growing International business, which has lower tax rates. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.34 in Q2 2014 compared to $0.25 in Q2 2013, an improvement of 36%. Adjusting for the combination of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, contingent purchase price adjustments and the loss on debt extinguishment, EPS would have been $0.01 higher both this year and last. So on an adjusted basis, Q2 2014 would have been $0.35 as compared to $0.26 last year. Switching to our year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $152 million through 6 months in 2014 compared to $209 million in 2013. Net income and depreciation were favorable to cash flow by $49 million and $19 million, respectively, but those are offset by a change in the use of cash of $35 million related to inventories. In Q2 -- excuse me, in Q1 2013, we entered the quarter with inventories at fairly high levels, so Q1 last year saw the benefit in our cash flow. In 2014, we increased inventories in Europe in anticipation of the branch expansion and at specialty ahead of the busy summer season, resulting in inventories being a use of cash this year. Similarly, accounts receivable has been $21 million higher use of cash this year, reflecting the strong sales growth year-over-year and the seasonality of the specialty business. Accounts payable has been a use of cash this year compared to a source of cash last year, creating the $35 million year-over-year change in cash flow. Timing of cash taxes resulted to a higher outflow of funds in 2014 compared to 2013 of $25 million. Capital spending was $67 million in the first 6 months of 2014 and we've spent $635 million in cash on acquisitions, the largest being Specialty, which accounted for $427 million of the total. If you recall, in Q1, we refinanced our credit facility, increasing the total size of the facility to $2.3 billion and extending the maturity until May 2019. We ended Q2 2014 with $1,951,000,000 of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $110 million. Availability under our credit facility is approximately $1.1 billion, and with cash, total liquidity was about $1.2 billion. So we have capacity to pursue additional acquisitions as suitable opportunities arise. And now turning to guidance. We increased the bottom end of our income guidance, with the new guidance calling for net income between $405 million and $430 million. That equates to a revised earnings per share guidance of $1.32 to $1.40. We left the remainder of our guidance unchanged from February. Our guidance for 2014 for organic revenue growth for parts and services is 8% to 10%, and our guidance for capital expenditures is $110 million to $140 million, with cash flow from operations of approximately $375 million. A few general comments on what we are seeing in the business and how it's reflected in our guidance. North American wholesale continues to remain fairly steady in terms of volume and costs. We've seen slight upticks in the miles driven and in the last few years, higher new vehicle production is slowly working its way into our sweet spot of our market. While new car production initially hurts us because many insurance companies will not use alternative parts until the car is a few years old, ultimately, we believe we will see favorable improvements in the age profile of the car part, which will be helpful. We haven't seen any appreciable change in used car prices and are paying more for vehicles this year than last. We remain ever hopeful that used car prices will fall and we'll begin to get a benefit, but that hasn't shown up in any appreciable manner. A little less than 10% of our revenue are self-serve business and scrap volumes are still important to our company. In Q2, we saw another sequential drop in prices of about 3% for scrap steel. That seems to have stabilized, and our car buying in that line of business has been adjusted to the lower scrap levels. Our European operations continue to see what I would describe as sluggish demand, particularly on the continent. We thought we might see an uptick from the delayed winter spending, but that really hasn't been the case. We saw our largest aftermarket competitor in the U.K. go into receivership this month, which is probably a reflection of the difficult market conditions there, along with our success of our branch expansion. We are optimistic that we'll be able to obtain some of that revenue that the company had previously been enjoying. The acquisition integrations are going well. Rob mentioned that Keystone Specialty is slightly ahead of our expectations. Our recent acquisitions in the Netherlands are performing in line with our goals. Although it's early days, we remain confident that we are on the right strategy. I would remind everyone that the U.K. paint acquisitions completed in August last year will begin to anniversary in Q3, but they will not -- they are not growing at the same rate as Europe as a whole. So that will adversely impact our reported European organic growth. On the flip side, we had the benefit of 21 new branches we opened in Europe in the first half of the year, and we expect those to contribute to the top line growth. Historically, Q4 has been one of LKQ's stronger quarters, but our product mix has changed. We expect the European operations in our Specialty segment to slow in Q4, which will dampen the improved results we normally expect in our collision business in North America. Both Christmas and New Year's will fall on a Thursday this year, which may also cause some disruption to normal revenue and cash flow patterns. Aside from those items, we do keep an eye on foreign exchange, particularly as Europe continues to grow and on the ongoing scrap volatility and weather in the balance of the year. I believe that Arthur is the only named storm that reached landfall so far this year, and from our perspective, we saw a very little impact. Before I turn the call back to Rob, I just want to take a moment put the results of our first half of this year into perspective. In full year 2011, we had revenue for the year of $3.3 billion and net income of $210 million. In the first half of 2014, our revenue was $3.3 billion and our net income was $210 million. We accomplished in 6 months of 2014 what it took us a full year to achieve in 2011. Over the years, Rob and I have answered numerous questions regarding our acquisition and growth strategies, and we frequently respond to questions regarding how these acquisitions impact our gross margin or operating margins. I believe what it is telling about the comparison I just made is that despite doubling our size, we maintained the net income margins. It sometimes takes a bit of time to integrate our acquisitions and they will be quarterly fluctuations, but over time, when it comes to the bottom line, and by that, I mean, to include the impact of differing tax rates, we are demonstrating remarkably -- remarkable consistency in the execution of our strategy. And that, I believe, is what makes LKQ a unique company. We're growing parts and services revenue organically at a reasonably high rate, for example, 8.1% this past quarter, and we've also consistently acquired and integrated good companies and growing them at similar rates. It's rare to find a company with the markets and the skill set to both execute organic growth and acquisitions with the kind of consistency that LKQ has shown. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob before we open to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our results in the second quarter and the first half of the year and we are optimistic of what lies ahead for our company. Looking ahead, in North America, the recent upswing and trend in new vehicle sales bodes well for our collision business because newer vehicles tend to be fully insured with higher premiums and lower deductibles, and if financed, lien holders require the owner of the vehicle to carry mandatory insurance coverage. New cars are more valuable, so they are less likely to total, and from our perspective this means that newer cars are more likely to be repaired than an older vehicle. We also believe that as more new cars are sold, used car prices will eventually fall, which is good for us because it should reduce the cost of salvaged vehicles we procure for our North American recycling business. Simply put, increased new vehicle sales equate to more insured repairs and, therefore, more opportunities for LKQ. The increase in new vehicle sales is also a favorable trend for our new Specialty segment because the most common time for someone to modify their vehicle with specialty products is in the first 2 years of vehicle ownership. The performance of our Specialty segment in the second quarter, I believe, was in part a result of this trend. In Europe, we are in the early innings with capitalizing on the opportunities in that segment. Over the last 3 years, we've gained tremendous knowledge with the success of ECP and their ability to gain share in the U.K. market. Our objective is to replicate ECP's exceptional 2-step distribution and logistics model, in the industry-leading fill rates with Sator and the recent acquisition of the 5 distributors in the Netherlands. And of course, we intend on expanding this model into other European markets and remain committed to our European strategy and the long-term growth prospects for this segment. In closing, our team of over 28,000 employees, working across our geographic and operating segments, collaborate daily to leverage their combined operational expertise with a common goal of maximizing our growth and diversification strategy. This collaboration, coupled with our ability to successfully identify, acquire, integrate and grow these businesses, continues to create a long-term value for our stockholders. Operator, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to ask you on ECP. I heard you on the addition of 2 insurers, now you're at 17 over -- I think you said well over 80% of the insurance market there. I just wanted to understand how did the market, overall -- from an alternative parts penetration perspective, how long did it take to get to 7%? And what's your view on how that 7% can work higher? Is it something that can spike as auto insurance providers sort of change their tone on alternative parts? Or is this going to be more of a gradual sort of improvement over time? And then as it relates to that, I figured I'll just ask the follow-up now. Given your competitor -- business competitor weakness and your growth, geographically speaking, how much better positioned are you now to leverage that APU growth?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. The 7%, Jamie, it was basically when we arrived in the U.K. were roughly 5% to 7%. But we think we've had, obviously, a positive impact so we continue to grow the marketplace. But the answer to your question, it really depends on the insurer. The insurer has to buy in -- and of course, I think why we're so successful here in the United States with alternative parts because the insurance company is, in fact, pushing the alternative parts. The nice part about the U.K. is that all the policies of the major insurance companies that we've looked at, all have, in their policy language, the ability to use these alternative parts. So it's going to be a long slog to get this through and get the insurance companies comfortable. But every quarter, we see more and more acceptance, and the growth has just been really, really strong. The second half of your question, about the competitive environment in the U.K. As you know, as we mentioned on the call, one of our largest competitors did go into receivership, they went into mensuration last week. We are currently looking at the various sites that were shuttered in the process and looking to see if we can find geographic holes to fill in our market and expand our distribution network. There are many trained, very talented employees now in the marketplace, and we are looking at opportunities to hire as many of those people as possible. And I think we're very well positioned to inherit a lot of that revenue that they had over there. We are 1 of 2 national companies now left on the marketplace. So we're going after the national accounts. And, again, looking to fill in the geographical holes. As I mentioned in my presentation, we added 20 locations this year, it puts us at 165. Our goal was always about 200. We will look to maybe acquire some of those so we don't have to greenfield those, and that's what we're looking at right now. So we're actively looking at opportunities in the marketplace. But we think it's a great opportunity for us to expand our strength in the U.K. market.
John S. Quinn: And Jamie, just to supplement what Rob said a little bit. In terms of the collision business, the company Rob's referring to is called Unipart Automotive. They did not distribute body panels. They did a little bit of collision work in terms of lighting and that sort of thing. But in terms of the mechanical market, great opportunity for us and I don't think it's really going to impact our -- the cadence of the acceptance of collision parts, particularly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question, and I apologize if I missed this, I jumped on a couple of minutes late here. But Rob, I think you mentioned that wholesale vehicle purchases were down, I think, 2% in the quarter, and I believe on a year-over-year basis. Can you just give a little color on that? Was that supply related, pricing related? What were the kind of drivers behind that?
Robert L. Wagman: The main reason, John, was that we had a really healthy backlog coming out of Q1. With the nasty winter weather we had, the auctions were quite plentiful of salvage. So we did stock up quite heavily in Q1. Year-over-year, we are ahead of where we were for the 6 months to 6 months. So we have enough product in the backlog to continue to hit our salvage numbers.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. Next, you guys made a couple of nice paint distribution acquisitions in the quarter. Could you just remind us -- or can you just kind of size that market opportunity in North America and Europe and maybe give us an idea of how the returns on the paint business compared to kind of corporate average?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, the market opportunity is pretty big here in the United States. It's well over $2 billion marketplace. We're #2 in North America. Finish Master would be the largest. We're a close second now, we've been gaining on them and looking at opportunities to continue to fill in that network. So you'll see more acquisitions in the paint business here in North America. As far as the U.K., we are by far the #1 distributor of paint at this point with locations throughout the U.K. John, you want to comment on the impact?
John S. Quinn: Yes, it tends to be a little lower gross margin business, John, but -- and we believe we get that back on an ROIC basis due, typically, you're just holding inventory prior to it being distributed on our own vehicles. I think the example we've always pointed to is back when we did the AkzoNobel acquisition and we bought 40 of their locations, and a little over 30 of them ended up in our existing locations. And so from an ROIC point of view, I think that they're quite attractive, but they are a little bit lower gross margin businesses. And you heard us refer to that, some of the gross margin deterioration year-over-year is just a result of the acquisitions in August last year associated with the U.K. paint deals.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. If I could just sneak one last one here. The Chrysler agreement that you guys reached, if I remember correctly, was only pertaining to very few parts. I mean, is there an opportunity to broaden that relationship with Chrysler over time?
Robert L. Wagman: There is, John. And by the way, the initial lawsuit that they posed against us was for one vehicle. They have several vehicles, actually, in the patent process, so it's bigger than just the one vehicle that was mentioned in the initial lawsuit. So it is settled, and I do believe it's a got a great opportunity because, of course, they always are continuing to patent parts so -- going forward. So that will continue to grow year-over-year. As you've seen in our Ford agreement, every year we seem to get a little more traction in that program, and I expect the same will happen with Chrysler.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to go back to the European landscape a little bit and I was just wondering if you could update us on the mechanical side, what the aftermarket parts penetration is. And you mentioned that you're now 1 of 2 national suppliers there. If you could talk about just the competitive landscape in terms of how fragmented that is, just kind of trying to frame the opportunity with Unipart kind of having their struggles like in terms of the market share that you might be able to pick up.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. In terms of the mechanical penetration there, Nate, we believe in the United States is roughly 80%. We are -- back-of-the-envelope calculations that -- we've got various sources over there -- somewhere between 50% and 60% penetration of the aftermarket. The OEs had a much stronger foothold there. That has been eroding though, with the passage of the Block Exemption Rule, about 4 years ago, which basically prohibited the OEs from voiding warranty if you put market products on. So we expect the aftermarket marketplace to continue to gain market share from the OEs. In terms of what's the opportunity, we know Unipart roughly had about $225 million worth of business. They had 160 branches. All of those branches were closed. We think there's a great opportunity, especially from a national accounts perspective, to be able to go after that business that they had. I believe roughly 40% of their business was national accounts. And that is really up for grabs and, like I said, which one of the other -- there's only LKQ or Euro Car Parts and another competitor that can possibly get that business. So we're actively going after that. This just happened a week ago, so we're actively pursuing those opportunities as we speak.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then in terms of going back to, like North America, obviously, the organic numbers were well within your range and also up against the tough comps. What are we kind of looking for going forward in terms of the sustainability of that 5% to 7% organic growth in terms of just the dynamics for the rest of the year? I know you mentioned some of the seasonality that you're going to get out of the specialty business, but if you look at just the kind of collision opportunity, how should we feel about that?
Robert L. Wagman: I feel very good about our North American organic growth rate of 5% to 7%. John mentioned in his presentation about the SAAR rate and the continued advantages we have there. That will start to flow through here in the next year, at the latest. We'll start seeing some of those benefits relative to newer car parts. So I'm very confident in that 5% to 7% range. And with KAO, KAO was actually up 11% year-over-year. Even though it's not our [indiscernible] numbers, that bodes well for us that the new cars are starting to get to the marketplace, and as those cars get in accidents, that will definitely be a positive for us. So, feel very confident in the 5% to 7%, certainly long term as those new cars get into the system, but even short term, I think we're pretty good there.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick big -- kind of big picture thing, but a lot of people are starting to talk about these accident avoidance systems and whether or not they might actually have any impact, just wanted to see what kind of your big picture thoughts on that might be and whether you guys have done any research there in terms of whether they do make a difference.
Robert L. Wagman: We have done that research. In fact, John and I had a meeting this week with CCC. We get a quarterly update on what they're seeing in the market. And they gave us an updated chart here. And they are standing by the fact that in 20 years, we should see a reduction of 5% in accident claims, 20 years from now. 5 years, it's predicted to be about 2.5%. So very little impact they're predicting over the coming years. The example we always use, Nate, was the anti-lock brakes that became a requirement somewhere around 1996. Took until about 2011 before 80% of the cars actually had them. So there's a long cycle time to work out the older cars. So we think, comfortably, this 15 to 20 years of very little impact on the accident-avoidance systems.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On Keystone Automotive, the specialty parts business, John, you indicated that was significantly above trend at 11%. Can you explain what's driving that? Is there a market dynamic or something more specific to Keystone?
John S. Quinn: I think there is a little bit of a market dynamic. That company does benefit from new car production. When we look at their SAAR rate, it is up slightly year-over-year, I don't know it's up enough to drive that whole 11%. I'd like to think that some of it is the fact that we are -- we believe we're improving the service with the additional point distribution -- point, so to speak. We're also investing in that business, we're opening a new warehouse in Texas in the fall. So I don't know if it's anything unique. Rob, do you have a view?
Robert L. Wagman: I absolutely believe, Craig, what John said is right. Those 36 additional distribution points have been really critical. We're using existing LKQ facilities, so there's no additional costs and we're getting the parts to our customers even quicker. And we're starting the process, starting to share deliveries now as well. So we see that as a win-win. Customers will get the product faster. We'll continue to get additional costs out of those businesses going forward. So that's long term. We've got to get those routes all combined, but I am convinced that those extra drop points are really a key, a benefit for us to get customers more sticky with us in terms of them wanting to buy from us.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So as the balance of the year unfolds and you have the benefit of those additional distribution points, do you think we'll see 3 more quarters of sort of above-trend growth in that business?
Robert L. Wagman: I'll comment through June -- up to July, I mean, they're having a very good July as well. I think we're going to see continued growth there, strong growth. We originally -- when we announced the deal, we thought we'd grow North American 5% to 7%, I think you'll see strong growth. We'll be at the high end of that range, if not higher, I feel pretty confident going forward.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's great. And then on Sator, I think you mentioned some contraction in their core business. Could you just spend a little more time explaining the dynamics affecting that? And then also maybe inject how you think the 5 jobber acquisitions are going to play in that overall equation?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. There are a couple of things, Craig, on the Sator organic. Mainly, I think the most important ones is we did buy our 5 best customers, and that revenue went from organic to intercompany. Even though the deal didn't close until May, it was announced in April for the competition commission to get involved. So it was basically the whole quarter. And I'm -- what's hard to really quantify, we're pretty certain some of the remaining customers likely moved a portion of their spend elsewhere. If another competitor had the product, they didn't want to spend it with us. There was no mass leaving of customers, but we believe that their spend likely was diversified outside of LKQ. A little bit of an impact with the export business. We had a pretty decent excellent export business into Russia and the Ukraine. That, obviously, had a little bit of an impact with the political disruption in those markets. It was a mild winter in Europe, which didn't help our Q2. So I think all those factors combined a little bit to drive down the organic growth. The 5 locations that we did buy are performing to plan. It's been a couple of months since we've had them under our belt, but they are performing to our performer expectations. And customers are seeing better fill rates with us. Obviously, we're selling more of our products into those customers we bought. So we're very happy with that progress of the 5 locations we bought. We are looking, obviously, as we mentioned on the last call, Craig, that those are 52 locations. We think the optimum number is 75. So we'll look to buy a few more acquisitions in that marketplace to fill up the market and cover the entire Netherlands. So -- and finally, on that, we did pro forma a decrease in growth with those 5 acquisitions because we knew some of our customers would likely look for alternative sources. So all in all, it's expected, and we think with the 5, now we can start to drive the organic growth as we get more comfortable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: You guys mentioned and talked about the -- that basically, John, you said that some of the margin improvement in the U.S. business is being masked by some of the other noise. Can you talk a little bit about what's causing that? Obviously, you get that kind of organic growth from North America, and we can understand why we get part of it. But obviously, that number is trending better probably than you expected.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think the point I was trying to make was that, obviously, the bigger driver that changed the margins has been the acquisitions, and those are masking the overall improvement. And we had about a 70 basis point improvement in North America. The other point I was trying to make was that because other revenue is becoming -- is shrinking relative to the rest of the size of the business, that's masking the leverage that we're getting out of the SG&A and the distribution network a little bit. Because if you look at those numbers, they're coming down as a total percent of revenue as well in many cases. But had we kept that other revenue higher simply because of commodity prices being higher, you would have seen those come down much more. The fact that we're compensating for that drop in other revenue is masking a little bit of the improvement in the operating leverage that we're getting in the base business. That was the point I was trying to make, John.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, right. And just one more point there. The 70 basis points in North America is just primarily leveraged from that organic growth?
John S. Quinn: It's a little bit of a gross margin improvement on -- particularly, this quarter, we saw our self-serve and our aftermarket businesses taking a little bit of an uptick and then it's just that down below the gross margin line is just leveraged throughout the entire network.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And last question. If you look forward and just trying to think about the puts and takes on margin pressure, how is it -- Rob, you mentioned on the Specialty business, that should be more of just flow-through of the business rather than a change in gross margin mix that will change anything on the gross margin line. Is that right?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, that business -- the Specialty business is a lower gross margin, John, so as we gain market share and grow the business, it will be a slight deterioration on our overall gross margin as they continue to outperform.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: But it should not -- overall, the mix there shouldn't change either way, really, up or down as far as where we could see gross margin there?
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's minimal on the grants, de minimis on the grants, on the overall company performance. But it is slightly margin dilutive, that business.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then, secondly, as we go to Europe, obviously, the -- as you wind through and continue to add and move from 3-step to 2-step, that helps Sator. And then I assume the next round of revenue growth, and with the ECP branches, could come in at a little lower of cost based of -- if you pick something up from Unipart.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think that's right, John. A couple of things on the 3, 2 -- excuse me, the Netherlands acquisitions. The -- initially, we have to defer the intercompany revenue profit on -- associated with those sales. And so -- and once we get those fully integrated and get an inventory turn in there, you'll start to see a little bit of improvement in the Sator margins. ECP has opened 20 branches this year, they've incurred some of those costs in the first half of the year. As we've said before, those branches take a little while to get profitable. So I would anticipate the margins in the U.K. coming up over time as those branches expand and as they take advantage of, hopefully, our revenue part [ph] associated with that and the bankruptcy of Unipart.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just on Sator, with the Netherlands acquisitions, is there a risk of further customer loss going forward? Or do you think you've already realized it all?
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's been realized, Bill. I think the good customer defections would have been gone by now. I'd say, I think it's probably losing -- they're losing a little bit of their spend, but we haven't lost a significant customer through this process.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in North America, on salvaged vehicles, can you just comment on the pricing trends at the auctions and also what sort of volumes or availability of vehicles you're seeing at the auctions?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, the auctions have been very steady, Bill. We haven't seen a huge spike out of -- from all that winter weather. So we track the number of vehicles that we see at the auctions and very, very steady. As far as our cost, it is slightly up year-over-year. However, that is almost by plan because we're actually trying to buy a better car to fulfill our needs. So slight increase in the car cost, but pretty much the plan. As I said, nice backlog at our facilities, and the auctions have been very, very steady. One thing I do want to talk about a little bit about is on the scrap impact as it relates to that. We were down year-over-year, about $10 a ton and, sequentially, we were down $9 a ton. And we see a slight uptick in July. So we've seen a little bit -- at least the bottom seems to have hit there. But year-to-date, we lost about $0.01 of EPS due to the scrap being down over the course of the year. So hopefully, that stabilizes and we don't lose any more on the scrap line.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. And if we adjust for the mix, I know you're going after maybe a little bit better quality vehicle. Just kind of on a more apples-to-apples basis, are you seeing pricing kind of steady? Or do you think it's increasing on an apples-to-apples basis also?
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, it's pretty steady, but the Manheim year-to-date -- actually, year-over-year, is up about 3.6%, so that's remaining high. Everyone we've heard talk about that seems to think that has to be the end of it. It's going to start coming down because of the SAAR rate, but auction prices happen to be pretty steady.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First off, you mentioned that the Keystone business was dilutive to gross margin. At least in this quarter, it seemed like it was nicely accretive to EBITDA margin at 13%, which is higher, I think, at least than we were pegging it. How sustainable is that 13% EBITDA margin in and of itself?
John S. Quinn: There is a seasonality to that business, I think Q2 is probably their strongest quarter. Obviously, we haven't owned the business for -- a little over 6 months. So -- but we anticipate that Q4 is probably going to be softer on that.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a couple of more quick questions, if I could. The acquired businesses that you acquired in the quarter outside of distributors in the Netherlands, what's a ballpark sales base on an annualized basis for those?
John S. Quinn: Well, the total, including the Sator piece, is $220 million. And in the quarter -- that equates about $55 million per quarter. In the quarter, we reported $25 million, so you can anticipate about $30 million on average, again, taking out seasonality. But we should have a $30 million revenue still to come on a quarterly basis.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Yes, I think so. And then the last question I would have. Rob, as it relates to the U.K. pilot, the insurance company pilot for collision parts, how should we think about a time frame in terms of it switching from a pilot to a full commitment on their behalf? I mean, are there certain mile posts that have been voiced to you? Or how should we define the success of the program and its gestation period?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Sam, I kind of wish we never used the word pilot because it obviously signifies that it's a test. The fact that no insurance company -- we launched this back in March of 2012, has stopped writing the product. I believe it's just a word that we probably regret using. We are in full-status program with these guys. Again, just taking away the word pilot. The growth that -- double-digit strong, 33% this quarter off a mild winter, I think we can continue to see those programs last. I would say we're over the hump right now with most of the carriers on the uneasiness about using these parts. Everyone has been committed to the program, and no one is showing any signs of taking back with their stance on the aftermarket parts.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is there a tipping point coming from the aftermarket parts manufacturers then, in terms of them committing a product for you to inventory then?
Robert L. Wagman: The nice part about this, Sam, is they're the exact same manufacturers for us here in North America, so we have them fully committed to putting more certified parts into the program, both here and the north -- and in the U.K. In fact, we had an increase of certified parts of 33% here in North America. So no issues at all with our manufacturers whatsoever.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: My questions have been answered, but I was going to ask about buying these Sator distributors and what it was going to eventually do to your margins. But I think, John, you kind of answered it. You said it's up a smidge over time?
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think so. Basically, we were making a profit selling to the distributors, distributors were making a profit, so you've got -- once you eliminate that intercompany revenue, ultimately, we anticipate a slight uptick in the gross margins. We had to defer the profit on the intercompany sales until we get a turn in inventory. So we didn't get much benefit from that in Q2, probably won't get much benefit in Q3, start to see a little bit better improvement in Q4.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Rob, with your business, I remember in Q1, you said it was definitely impacted by weather. There was a lot of backlog in the collision repair facilities. I mean, how much did that really benefit you in Q2? And has that -- I would assume at this point, that, that's equilibrialized.
Robert L. Wagman: It's certainly helped, Gary, there was definitely a backlog going into Q2. We're in constant contact with our customers. They still feel that there's work in the field, whether that's late in the winter or now it's the hailstorms or just normal conditions. But volume's been pretty good through July. We're very pleased with the amount of locked work at the shops.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, John, you were talking about the changes in seasonality for -- based on Europe. So that would mean Q3, based on that seasonality, will be stronger than it historically has been, and Q4 would be less strong than it historically has been. Is that how I should read that?
John S. Quinn: If you look back many years ago, our strongest quarters tend to be Q1, followed by Q4. The point I was trying to make, I think, was with the European businesses, Q4 tends to be a little bit lighter than, say, Q2. And the Keystone automotive business, there's a lot of recreational associated -- especially with people who want to enhance their vehicles. But a lot of that tends to take place in the summer months. So we're anticipating a little step-down in the Keystone automotive in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Rob, you indicated that the Keystone Specialty operations is now offering 1,000 SKUs of collision parts nature. Could you maybe just talk about how that's been received, how those are moving and, specifically, what kind of parts those are?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it's really early days, Scott. We just got all the systems communicating with each other, so the reps on both sides can see the product. It's mainly cooling products at this point, radiators, condensers, that stuff that goes into those specialty shops as well. But very pleased to have that inventory there. They actually -- I think the big potential win here will be the muscle car. Those specialty shops do tend to work on those type of vehicles, and those 20,000 SKUs of the Goodmark muscle car parts, that opens up a new opportunity to move that. It's not a huge market, the specialty -- muscle car market, but we have a nice line to be able to go after those customers now. So early days, but the communication is going back and forth and the products are flowing. And again, with 36 of their locations now -- LKQ locations as their drop point, much easier to get to them to as well.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And just moving over to Europe. Now that you've had relationships with several big carriers in the U.K. for -- going on over a year now, can you talk about any success with driving the collision parts program in the continent?
Robert L. Wagman: We've done nothing yet. At this point, Scott, our plan was to get the 3 to 2 the companies -- Sator companies under -- through the consolidation process. We are working on that. But I believe, by Q4, we'll start putting some insurance marketing people over there. And hopefully, by Q1 of next year, we should be able to launch a program over there with parts.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And just last question on -- can you just give an update on CCC ONE and how that's going, where you stand with that?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Sequentially, we had a 15% growth in orders and a 14% growth in dollars and they've over 4,200 shops enrolled at this point. So slow but steady, but still growing. And salvage will be in pilot, so that they'll be able to order salvage in Q4 with a rollout in Q1 of 2015. So moving ahead very nicely. We want to be courteous of your time, so we'll wrap up here. Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you in October when we report our third quarter 2014 results. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your time lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Joe Boutros, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Devin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our first quarter 2014 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Also note that guidance for 2014 is based on current conditions, including acquisitions completed through March 31, 2014, and excludes the impact of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses; gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; loss on debt extinguishment; and capital spending related to future business acquisitions. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. In Q1, revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.63 billion, an increase of 35.9% as compared to Q1 2013. Net income for the first quarter of 2014 was $104.7 million, an increase of 23.7% as compared to $84.6 million for the same period of 2013. Diluted earnings per share of $0.34 for the first quarter ended March 31, 2014, increased 21.4% from $0.28 for the first quarter of 2013. Please note that adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2014 would have been $0.35 compared to $0.29 for the first quarter of 2013 after adjusting for a net loss resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, loss on debt extinguishment and the change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 10.3% for the quarter. I am particularly pleased with our North American organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6.4% despite the extreme weather we faced throughout January, a month when miles driven was down almost 5% in some of our key North American markets. Now more detail on our North American operations. During the first quarter, we purchased over 72,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is an 8% increase over Q1 2013. As we progress into Q2, the volumes and pricing at auctions remain steady despite the recent 2.2% spike in the Manheim Index we witnessed during Q1. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory for our recycled parts operations. In our self-service retail businesses, during the first quarter, we acquired approximately 120,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars as compared to over 128,000 in Q1 of 2013 or roughly a 7% decrease. The reason for the decrease was that price and demand for vehicles in certain markets exceeded our acceptable cost given the prices of scrap and other metals. And now we'll comment about APU. In early April, CCC released their annual 2013 APU number, and we ended the year at 37%. Briefly, I would like to put some context around this number. The 37% reported by CCC measures APU as a percentage of parts dollars and not unit volume trends. Unit volume trends are important metric for our industry. With the aging carpark, measuring APU as a percentage of parts dollars does not tell the whole story about what is actually occurring in the marketplace. Why? Simply put, the higher the OE cost, the larger share of parts volume the OEs will appear to capture. To get a more accurate representation of the penetration of APU, we obtained data from CCC on a per-unit basis. From 2009 to 2013, the number of parts being replaced on a per-estimate basis has increased from 7.8 to 8.6. This trend bodes well for the replacement parts industry. Of that increase in replaced parts, CCC data shows that approximately 75% of the time, alternative parts are being written, as opposed to just 25% for OEM. As a result, on a per-unit basis, the alternative parts industry is continuing to take market share from the OEs. Because of the aging carpark, however, the increase in the per-unit share of APU is offset by the lower prices paid for parts that get installed on older vehicles. With the SAAR rate improving, we believe that the carpark will inevitably become younger, and assuming we maintain the higher per unit share of APU, we expect the percentage of parts dollars to begin to increase as well as we begin to sell more expensive, newer model year products. And lastly, in our North American operations, I wanted to update everyone on a recent initiative that could bode well for our aftermarket parts opportunity with State Farm. In close conjunction with the rollout of PartsTrader, State Farm has announced that it has authorized the use of aftermarket certified chrome front and rear bumpers. While these are still early days, we are encouraged by the fact that State Farm is looking at the aftermarket parts industry once again. As of now, they have not given any indication of a broader program. However, we obviously view this as a positive move after nearly 15 years on the sideline. Looking at these particular part types, year-over-year sales of aftermarket chrome bumpers were up 30% in January, 29% in February and 33% in March. While some of this increase may be weather-related, we believe that some of the increase is related to State Farm's new policy regarding aftermarket certified chrome bumpers. We continue to have open dialogue with State Farm, and we hope that they will continue to expand their use of our aftermarket product offerings. Now turning to our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to increase market share. In Q1, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 25.3%. For branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 18.4% during the first quarter. Also during the quarter, ECP opened 11 of the 20 new branches we have scheduled for 2014. I continue to be impressed with the quality and depth of ECP's management team and their ability to execute our strategic plan in the U.K. market. Now an update on ECP's collision program. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong double-digit year-over-year growth of approximately 60% with our collision parts sales at ECP. I am also pleased with the growth in our collision parts offerings in the first quarter, which today stands at 20,000 SKUs, which represents an increase of 8.5% year-over-year. In addition, during the first quarter, ECP added an additional 2 insurers into their pilot program, bringing our total carrier relationship to 15. Also during the quarter, ECP signed an agreement with a self-insured rental car company to supply collision parts to the shops that they subcontract with for the repair to their fleet. And now moving on to acquisitions and development initiatives. On January 3, 2014, the company completed its acquisition of Keystone Automotive Operations, Inc. Please note that we have broken out the segment separately in our financials as Keystone Specialty. As previously announced, Keystone Specialty is a leading distributor and marketer of specialty equipment and accessories in North America. Keystone continues to deliver on many of our operational expectations, and I am pleased with the initial synergies we are seeing with our warehouse and administrative integration, product cross-selling initiatives, logistics and our shared cultural focus on growth. We have integrated a total of 11 Keystone cross-stock facilities into our existing wholesale operations since we closed the deal in January. In Q1, I had the opportunity to visit one of the Keystone's nationally recognized vendor shows, and I saw firsthand the potential for cross-selling our existing SKUs, such as paint, reman engines and muscle car parts, to Keystone's customer base. And I expect this favorable trend to continue in the future quarters. In addition to the Keystone Specialty acquisition, during the first quarter of 2014, LKQ made 4 additional acquisitions, including a supplier cores and new products for the automotive aftermarket with locations in 9 states; a business in South Carolina with 1 wholesale salvage yard and 1 self-service retail operation; a paint distributor in the United Kingdom; and a paint distributor in Canada. And now a quick update on ACM Parts, our Australian joint venture with the largest insurer in the market, Suncorp Insurance. In late March, ACM acquired Frank's Auto Parts, a salvage yard operator with 2 yards servicing the New Wales (sic) [New South Wales] market. Upon closing, the JV immediately began dismantling some of SunCorp's total loss vehicles at both locations. Clearly, this acquisition springboards our recycling efforts in Australia and provides a talented management team that will enhance our efforts in developing our build-to-suit footprint in the market. Also at ACM, on April 11, NSF International announced that they are expanding their automotive parts certification expertise to Australia. NSF has developed new protocols for aftermarket automotive parts that specifically address the Australian market. This announcement further validates our belief that, on a global basis, insurance carriers, consumers and collision repair shops benefit from a competitive marketplace with a high-quality option for collision repair parts that are affordable and that come with a limited lifetime guarantee. And lastly for our continental European operations at Sator. On April 15, 2014, we announced the signing of letters of intent to acquire 5 Netherlands companies, all of which are customers of and currently serve as distributors for Sator. Our preliminary estimate of the aggregate annual revenue of these 5 companies, after netting out existing sales among the companies and Sator, is approximately $180 million. These transactions are subject to, among other conditions, negotiation by the parties of definitive agreements and authorization under the Dutch merger control procedure. We are currently targeting the completion of the transactions in the second or third quarter of 2014. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. As Rob noted in our press release tables, we've broken out Keystone automotive operations as a segment for reporting purposes, which we are calling Specialty. While we believe the business has many of the characteristics of our existing North American business, including sharing customers, facilities and economic characteristics, for the time being, we're calling it a separate segment as we believe there is interest in the standalone Specialty results. So for now, we have 3 reportable segments: North America, Europe and Specialty. And I'd also point out that in Q1 2014, we saw LKQ reach a number of significant milestones. It was our first quarter with revenue reaching an annualized run rate over $6 billion, with our Q1 revenue annualizing at a hair over $6.5 billion. It's the first time we exceeded $200 million in EBITDA in a quarter and the first quarter where we exceeded $100 million of net income. Giving you the specifics on the quarter and beginning with revenue. Our Q1 2014 revenue of $1,626,000,000 was an increase of $430 million as compared to Q1 last year or an increase of 36%. For Q1, our total organic revenue growth was 6%, and we delivered an additional 29% from acquisitions, with foreign exchange adding a further 1 point. Rob mentioned that the Q1 2014 organic growth for parts and services was 10.3%. And within that, we saw our North American operations grow organically 6.4% while the European segment grew 25.3%. We completed 5 acquisitions in Q1 2014, with Specialty being the largest. Our Q1 2014 acquisitions contributed $197 million in revenue in Q1 2014, of which Keystone Specialty accounted for $177 million. The total revenue acquired in Q1 on an annual basis was $790 million. Total change to other revenue, which is where we record scrap commodity sales, was negative 10%. This was mainly due to negative organic growth of 19%, offset by 9% acquisition-related growth. We saw decreases in our self-service car volumes and in aluminum furnace and precious metal businesses. The average price we received for scrap steel was approximately 7% lower year-over-year at $224 per tonne [ph] this year versus $242 per tonne [ph] in Q1 2013. Other revenue was 9.6% of total revenue as compared to 14.5% for the same period last year and has continued the trend of becoming a lower percentage of and, therefore, less significant to our total revenue. In Q1 2014, revenue for our self-serve business was $105 million or 6.4% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 33% of this was parts sales included in North American parts and services revenue, and 6.7% -- excuse me, 67% was scrap and core sales included in other revenue. A year ago, in Q1 2013, our self-serve business was 9.5% of our total revenue, and that percentage has been falling each of the last 5 quarters as we've grown our aftermarket business. Our reported gross margin for Q1 2014 was $652 million or 40.1% of revenue, a decline of approximately 190 basis points from a gross margin percentage of 42% in Q1 2013. The primary reason for this decrease was a 230-basis-point decline attributable to acquisitions completed after March 31, 2013, including 110 basis points related to the Specialty acquisition, 70 basis points from the European Sator acquisition and the remainder due to other acquisitions, including the U.K. paint transaction. The decline due to Specialty of 110 basis points is in line with the guidance we provided last quarter. Excluding these items, we saw an improvement of about 70 basis points in the North American margins, of which a portion resulted from the mix with the reduction of lower-margin other revenue that I mentioned earlier. Other immaterial factors reduced gross margin by about 30 basis points relative to the prior year. Now moving to operating expenses. Some of the comparisons are being affected by our Specialty and Sator acquisitions, which both operate 3-step models. In this model, gross margins tend to be lower than the 2-step approach, but they will incur relatively lower facility distribution and SG&A costs. While Sator will anniversary in Q2, Specialty will affect the comparisons for the remainder of the year. Facility and warehouse costs were 7.8% of revenue in Q1 2014, a 60-basis-point improvement over 8.4% in Q1 last year. This improvement is primarily due to Specialty, which tends to lower -- run lower facility costs than the rest of our operations. Distributions costs for the -- were 8.4% this quarter, down from 8.7% in the same quarter last year. And we attribute most of this improvement to Sator, which has lower distribution cost. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 11.5% of revenue in Q1 last year to 11.4% in Q1 this year. This improvement is primarily related to Sator and Specialty, which would have driven this number 40 basis points lower but was offset by higher costs in the U.K. as we incurred higher personnel and advertising costs, most of which I would characterize as being build-out ahead of the branch expansion that Rob mentioned. The combination of warehouse, facility, distribution and SG&A costs was 27.6% of revenue in Q1 2014 as compared to 28.5% in Q1 2013. I've explained that most of this improvement is due to the acquisitions we've completed, but it's worth noting that the drop in other revenue is probably masking leverage that we're achieving in the base business. It's hard to accurately quantify the exact impact, but as I've pointed out in the past, other revenue tends to incur very little incremental cost in these line items. So there's likely a 10- to 30-basis-point improvement in leverage being masked by lower scrap and core revenue. During Q1 2014, we recorded $3.3 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, up from $1.5 million in Q1 last year. The 2014 costs primarily related to Specialty. Depreciation and amortization was 1.6% of revenue during Q1 this year as compared to 1.5% of revenue in Q1 2013. We saw a modest reduction in depreciation as a percent of revenue of 10 basis points as we levered the assets over a larger revenue base. But that improvement was more than offset by higher amortization related to intangibles from the Sator and Specialty acquisitions. Other expenses net increased to $15.1 million in the 3 months ended March 31, 2014, compared to $9.8 million for the same period last year, an increase of $5.3 million. Interest expense was $7.5 million higher, of which $6 million was due to higher debt levels and $1.5 million from the higher interest rates, primarily on our senior notes. During the quarter, we incurred $300,000 of expenses related to debt extinguishment costs. Adjustments to consider -- contingent consideration were an income of $1.2 million in Q1 this year as compared to an expense of $800,000 last year in the same period. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.6%, and our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34% compared to 35.8% in Q1 last year. Taxes came in a little bit better than what we had expected at the time of our last call, as the effective rate in Specialty was slightly lower than we anticipated. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.34 in Q1 2014 compared to $0.28 in Q1 2013, an improvement of 21%. Adjusting for the combination of acquisition-related expenses, contingent purchase price adjustments and the loss on debt extinguishment, EPS would have been about $0.01 higher both this year and last. So on an adjusted basis, Q1 2014 would have been $0.35 as compared to $0.29 last year. Switching to our year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operation activities totaled $97 million during the 3 months of 2014 compared to $106 million in 2013. Net income and depreciation were favorable to cash flow by $20 million and $9 million, respectively. But these were offset by a change in the use of cash of $29 million related to inventories. In Q1 2013, we entered the quarter with the inventories at fairly high levels, so Q1 last year saw a benefit to cash flow. In 2014, we increased inventories in Europe in anticipation of the branch expansion and at Specialty ahead of the busy summer season, resulting in inventories being a use of cash this year. Capital spending was $34 million in Q1 2014, and we have spent $487 million in cash on acquisitions, the largest being Specialty, which accounted for $427 million of the total. During Q1, we refinanced our credit facility, increasing the total size of the facility to $2.3 billion and extending the maturity until May 2019. We made a number of amendments to the covenants to provide us with additional operational flexibility. We were also fortunate to be able to amend our pricing grid and reduce our borrowing cost on the facility between 25 and 50 basis points, depending upon our leverage. I would like to acknowledge and thank our banking partners for the support they demonstrate to LKQ, as evidenced by these changes. We ended Q1 2014 with $1.7 billion of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $113 million. Availability under our credit facility was approximately $1.2 billion. And with the cash, total liquidity was about $1.4 billion. So we have capacity to pursue additional acquisitions as suitable opportunities arise. Now turning to guidance. We've left our guidance unchanged from February. Our guidance for 2014 for organic parts -- excuse me, organic revenue growth for parts and services is 8% to 10%. Our net income and earnings per share guidance ranges are $400 million to $430 million and $1.30 to $1.40, respectively. And our guidance for capital expenditures, $110 million to $140 million, and cash from operations of approximately $375 million. I'd like to highlight a few of the changes we've seen in the business since February and give you some indication why we decided to leave the guidance unchanged even after a fairly strong Q1. In January, we saw very light sales volume. As weather was so severe, many of our operations closed. And we were concerned that if people were not driving, the accidents may simply have never occurred. In February and March, we did see that volume pick up. Although there are no formal sources, our informal channel checks suggest that the shops have a reasonable backlog for Q2. In contrast, we saw a mild winter in Europe, and that business was a little softer than we had expected throughout the quarter. The organic growth of 10.3% we reported for Q1 parts and services was ahead of our full year guidance, but we still believe that our growth will abate in the back half of the year as we start reporting Sator and the U.K. paint businesses in that number. As I discussed a moment ago, we've seen a drop in scrap steel prices. And Rob mentioned we scaled back the car buying in the self-serve line of business because the cost of the cars in this line of business wasn't falling as fast as necessary to reflect the lower scrap prices. The impacts of this showed up in other revenue, which is primarily scrap and cores from the hulks. This lower volume and the continued stubborn lower prices on scrap steel were not contemplated in our earlier guidance. We certainly didn't expect a negative 19% organic growth in other revenue, and it turned out to be a headwind for us in Q1. We haven't seen any material improvement in that outlook in April. The Manheim Index, which we expected to start falling, has actually been increasing in the last 3 months and is higher now than in March 2011. So we've not seen any meaningful relief on car buying costs in either the self-serve or the recycling lines of business. Against the negatives of scrap prices and car cost, we do have a number of positives. We reported only a de minimis impact from our Australian joint venture. While things are progressing there, the losses we anticipated for 2014 may not be as much as the $0.02 we earlier thought likely. The refinancing of the credit facility will save us a minimum of 25 basis points on borrowings over what we would have otherwise paid. And as we worked through the Specialty acquisition impacts, the tax rates came in favorable to what we expected on the last call. We believe these will add a couple of pennies to what we expected in February. Offsetting these are the scrap and car pressures that I mentioned. Aside from those items, we do keep an eye on foreign exchange, particularly as Europe continues to grow, and on the ongoing scrap volatility and weather in the balance of the year. In terms of providing some high-level characterization on the quarter's results, I would say, overall, we believe we saw a strong performance in the North American collision business, buoyed by a protracted winter and an in-line performance at Specialty. This performance was partially offset by a soft commodity market, ongoing high used car prices and a mild winter in Europe, which dampened sales in some key product lines. Weather and commodity prices will fluctuate over time, but the key message from our perspective is that the underlying business is progressing very much according to our plans. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are quite pleased with our first quarter 2014 results and proud of how our team of over 26,000 employees performed in the midst of some unusual weather-related operating challenges during the quarter in both North America and Europe and nonoperational headlines that could have impacted our morale, performance and long-term strategy. But collectively, we never took our eye off the ball and got it done. And with that, Devin, we'd like to open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit -- congratulations on the opportunity to start working with State Farm a little bit. I know you work with them on some of the mechanical and recycle-type aftermarket things but not so much, obviously, on the collision. And I know that this is a small data point and we shouldn't get overly excited about it. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how those discussions went to start doing these chrome bumpers, when they might have started or whether they just one day kind of picked up the phone and said, "We're going to start doing it," or whether you guys were involved in that in terms of trying to think about what the pipeline might be for future products.
Robert L. Wagman: We were not involved in that decision, Nate. Of course, we regularly pitch our products and services to State Farm. They came this -- upon this on themselves, and they did it in conjunction with the rollout of PartsTrader. And as PartsTrader has gone across the country, obviously, we've seen more and more sales. Our reps that are on PartsTrader reviewing those estimates know about those 2 part types and are pushing them hard. So while we can't comment -- I don't know for sure how much of that percentage increase was related to State Farm because not all times that we know there's a repair or tell us who they're repairing a car for. But clearly, the 29% and 33% increases, some of that was related to State Farm's new policy. With an 18%-plus market share, they're a mover, obviously. So we're monitoring this, and we still, as I said in my prepared remarks, in constant communication with State Farm. And hopefully, they continue to expand the product offerings.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. That's optimistic. And then second, congratulations also on getting a couple of more insurance companies into the ECP pilot programs. It kind of sounds like even though -- while some of those insurance companies are kind of still tiptoeing around, being really aggressive with those programs, given your increase in overall revenue, they're clearly starting to use those. Is there any take in terms of whether or not they have to officially sign on for those programs to still take hold or whether you really expect gradually they'll take hold even if they don't fully move past the pilot program?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. I would expect that they'll continue to move, Nate. The fact that they haven't signed anything, I wouldn't read anything into that. We certainly haven't. The fact that of the 15 that are in pilots, plus the rental car company we announced today as well, none of them have stopped writing it, so they continue to write it. And I think some of them are averse to actually signing a contract. But we do have 2 under contract, and the rental car company is under a contract as well. But I suspect it will continue to move along as we continue to grow our product offering.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just 2 housekeeping things, John, if I could. One, what tax rate should we be thinking about going forward now with some of these adjustments?
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think we had a 34% rate in Q1. Absent some discrete items, I would say probably in that range, 34%, maybe 34.5% for the rest of the year.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then also, too, you talked about maybe some lower organic total growth expectations towards the end of the year as Sator gets in there or maybe the U.K. paint business. Could you just give us maybe a rough estimate of what the organic growth of those individual businesses are as we think about the overall mix?
John S. Quinn: Yes. And we're thinking it's probably going to be sort of more North American mid single digits on those 2 components.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A lot on the call here. I'm going to have to reread the transcript. But did want to ask about your pending acquisitions in The Netherlands. It would seem to be a very big positive if you're able to close those deals. I'm curious how other jobbers in that market have reacted to the announcement, and I'll start with that.
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Craig. The -- we have a tie-in with every one of our customers over there with our computer system. We've been in contact with every one of those other jobbers. Some of them have offered to sell us their business. These 5 acquisitions give us 52 facilities. We think the right number is circa 75. So we're going fill in the balance either through acquisition or greenfield. So we've gotten some inquiries about selling the businesses, but we haven't had one defection as of yet. Some of that certainly is at risk. They could probably find somebody else, but the tie-in with the computer system, they use our operating system, actually, to order a lot of parts and to actually manage their business. So it's going to be pretty difficult for them to get away from us, and as of now, we've had no defections whatsoever.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And to follow up, you mentioned the operating system. It's my understanding that Sator has an order platform, if you will, that is widely used. Could you explain what that is and whether it's something that could scale more broadly beyond that particular geography?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, absolutely. Basically, what we have -- the system that the jobbers use actually ties right into our system live. It's called My Grossier [ph], my best attempt at Dutch, where basically, we -- they can see our inventory. We can see what they're doing as well in terms of ordering, so it's pretty intricate. We have looked at that as an ECP potential model to move to other parts of Europe. But at this point, we're still, obviously, just looking at that. And then now with the acquisitions now going into a 2-step model, we'll have to relook at that as well. But it is an interesting system where we get really full visibility of what our customers are doing.
John S. Quinn: Yes, and it actually goes down to the garage level. So the garage uses our software. They use that to look up inventory, not only at our customers but they can actually see right through to our inventory. And then they can order those parts. So they order -- the garages are ordering from our customers using our software, and they're sort of an intermediary in there.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: If you look at ECP in the U.K., is there a different operating platform that you don't control that is used?
John S. Quinn: Yes. The garages use typically their own software for the garage management system, if you will.
Robert L. Wagman: We don't have the access to -- we don't have the ability to see what they're doing, though we do in Holland. So it's very intriguing, and we're looking at ways to replicate that in the U.K. at some point.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then one more on that deal. What does the rest of Europe look like from a 2-step or 3-step model perspective?
Robert L. Wagman: Pretty much every country has some level of 2-step and 3-step, but the vast majority of Western Europe is predominantly going to be 2-step. There are some 3-steppers still out there, but the bigger companies are going to be 2-step.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then, John, one housekeeping question. On the 4 deals, the incremental deals that were announced in the transcript, what was the trailing annual revenue? And can you give that to us by geography, if possible, North America versus Europe?
John S. Quinn: The total annualized revenue is $790 million, and pretty much all of it's in North America.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That includes Keystone?
John S. Quinn: Yes.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you know what it is x Keystone?
John S. Quinn: Keystone was around $700 million, so it was about $90 million of other deals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Obviously, everyone's going to have their State Farm questions, and we certainly do as well. But I wanted to focus, if I could, on just making sure I understood what you said on gross margin. Your core, if I understood it, North American gross margin was up 70 basis points year-on-year. Is that correct? And sort of can you get to a little bit of what's driving that, whether it's sort of the flow-through of deals as they leverage or something going on with the sweet spot of kind of the SAAR roll-off?
John S. Quinn: We just -- we saw a little bit better margins in the businesses here. I did mention that other revenue was down. Some of that was the aluminum furnaces and precious metals businesses being down. Those tend to be relatively lower-margin businesses. So as that other revenue came down, it was probably a slight benefit to the margins, which is why we said don't count all of that 70 basis points. It's just sort of the math on product mix. We did see a little bit improvement in the margin in the late model [ph] of the salvage business and a little bit improvement on the aftermarket parts costs. It was pretty widespread, frankly, other than we did get those benefits just from having lower other revenue, which probably hurt us on the operating leverage on the facility and warehouse and other below-the-line costs.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: And can you remind me -- last quarter, I think it was positive year-over-year as well but maybe a lower on rate-of-change basis. So we're seeing acceleration in the improvement, in other words?
John S. Quinn: I think if you strip out the other revenue, it's probably fairly consistent, right? I haven't got my notes in front of me, but I think you're right. I think we've said around 50 bps is our number currently.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then if you guys could just help us understand. I think you've said in the past sort of ballpark assumption is 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin kind of expansion on an annual basis, I mean, inclusive of the M&A, which obviously is a little dilutive at the outset. As some of the M&A flows through here from Sator and Keystone, sounds like it may even be ahead of schedule to some degree in terms of the integration strategy. Is that sort of range changing? Or should we expect something more in the higher end of that range as a result?
John S. Quinn: I've always said this thing's going to be lumpy. And you've got to kind of adjust for the fact that you look like you're getting operating leverage when scrap costs are going up and it looks like you're losing it when they're going down. But I don't think we've changed our view with respect to that in terms of it's our belief that we can grow the business organically the way we do and then supplement that with some acquisitions. We ought to be able to see leverage coming through like we did this quarter in depreciation. And as I said, if you adjust for the other revenue, you do see that leverage in the North American operations, and we did see a little bit in the gross margin. But I don't know that's so much operating leverage as just cost structure in terms of price range for the cars.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you talk a little bit about -- you mentioned Keystone a little bit, some of the end markets, what you're seeing as far as the muscle cars, et cetera. Talk a little bit -- take one more step on those end markets. And maybe what are you seeing today in the activities surrounding sort of integration that you have left to do in '14 for that business?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. John, the integration has actually gone much quicker than we expected. As we mentioned -- as I mentioned, we closed 11 cross-stocks. We also moved about 14 locations into existing locations. To give you a quick example, Keystone was delivering into the Dallas market from Kansas City, and they were driving through Oklahoma City. And they would drive to Dallas, drop off all the parts, and then trucks would then leave Dallas to go service the Oklahoma City. That shuttle truck is now stopping in Oklahoma City, dropping off the products for Oklahoma City and local LKQ/Keystone drivers delivering those products. So we're seeing a tremendous amount of freight going from Dallas all the way back to Oklahoma City, where that truck is already going by. So that's some of the found synergies that we really didn't anticipate, quite frankly, is 14 of those locations. We're on plan for synergies on both the financial and the operational side. We -- as I mentioned on the last call, at some point, we want to bring some products to Europe to try and test this. We've actually -- I actually personally met with the CEO of our Keystone operation, with one vendor in Chicago, and we're going to launch, hopefully, something in late Q2 to start bringing some products into Europe as a trial. Meeting the vendors, we're seeing some cross-selling opportunities, as we discussed. One of the things that we found was, in the RV side of the business, there's a lot of these dealerships have paint and repair businesses, and we're already starting to market our paint products into those RV businesses. The LKQ reps already have access to the Keystone inventory, so they can now sell that product. It just started about a week ago, so it's really too early to say what the impact of that's going to be. And then, of course, Keystone has access to the muscle car products, our cooling products and as well as our reman engines, so that is now starting to cross-sell. So we're pretty bullish on, hopefully, what the cross-selling opportunities are. And most importantly to me, the cultures are in lock step. They're a growth-oriented company. We are too. And we're very pleased with that acquisition. And just finally, one last thing on Keystone. We approved a new distribution center in Texas. That's a big market for the Keystone. As I said, we're servicing Kansas City now, and we're going to have our own distribution center there. So really excited about what we got going in the works there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is on the inventory at the salvage auctions. Are you seeing pretty good inventory supply there? And I mean, do you think that, over the next quarter or 2, that higher kind of supply -- in fact, you are seeing that, could offset higher Manheim prices and maybe be a benefit in pricing?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We track weekly, John, the number of vehicles at the auctions. And we've only seen a modest spike so far. So I assume the Coparts and the ADESAs and the insurance auto auctions are sitting on a backlog because we haven't seen it hit the auctions yet. And it generally does take 2 months before it gets through the systems. But we certainly expect that if that volume increases as much as the number of total losses that likely took place in Q1, we do expect it to have a positive impact on Manheim, thereby lowering, hopefully, our cost. But haven't seen that yet. Our auction costs actually were, year-over-year, just down slightly. But I would also mention that scrap is down, so that could be just a scrap relation. But we do expect Manheim to eventually start to lighten up a little bit here, hopefully soon.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then there's been more talk about multi-bidding platform in terms of the salvage auction industry and in the whole car auction industry. What are your guys thoughts on that? I mean, do you think that, that would have any impact on potential pricing competition and so forth?
Robert L. Wagman: Well, the Internet bidding has been around really -- [indiscernible] Copart's initial, I think, came out in '04, if I'm not mistaken, maybe even earlier than that. So it's been around for quite a bit of time. So those multi-bid functions have been there for quite a while. We've been dealing with them. So I don't see any additional impact because they've been open for quite a few years. So really not expecting to see anything there negative.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And last question, John. I think last quarter you guys had mentioned that you expect kind of EPS to ramp sequentially throughout the year. First quarter was probably a little bit better than expected. I mean, is it still reasonable to think that we'll see some kind of ramp-up? Or is the normal seasonality something we should think about?
John S. Quinn: I think the things that are sort of different is Keystone Automotive is -- their strongest quarter, we believe, is going to be Q2. What we did see is the European businesses, and it's our understanding that Keystone also are pretty light in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just talk a little bit more about State Farm so I get my understanding here correctly. Are you the only entity that has been approved to sell these aftermarket bumpers?
Robert L. Wagman: No. They authorized the use of certified aftermarket chrome front and rear bumpers, and anyone who carries a certified bumper has the ability to sell that product.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So -- and is this really the first time in a long time that State Farm has -- is starting to use, what would they be called, collision repair parts?
Robert L. Wagman: On the collision part, yes. They have written radius condensers, but that's considered mechanical. This was really the first collision part they've entered the marketplace with.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So do you think it's to be expected that they'll come out with some more going forward, then?
Robert L. Wagman: We're certainly hoping, but nothing more than that at this point, unfortunately.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: As you look at the end of the first quarter, coming into the second quarter, do you have a feeling for sort of what the collision channel backlog looks like? I mean, there are certainly increased crash rates, but there are some issues, maybe some of those repairs weren't made, given supply disruption. And as we look at Q2, do you have a feeling maybe year-over-year how we entered the quarter with sort of channel demand?
Robert L. Wagman: Honestly, Bret, just anecdotally, we hear -- because a lot of the cars were drivable, so you might drive by a shop and not see many cars there. But just because the car is drivable, it is scheduled to come in. I can say that we don't give, honestly, guidance for the quarter. But I will say that, for the first 3 weeks of April, it appears that the shops are working through some backlog. But it's really, really tough to say how much backlog is actually out there.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then on Keystone Specialty, do you have a feeling, I guess -- I'm sure you have a feeling for what the inventory levels are on that? And then just given the fact that, that's closer to traditional auto parts, which, in many cases, has got better working capital leverage, is there the potential to generate cash as you could extend payables or leverage some of that inventory you're carrying at Keystone Specialty?
John S. Quinn: Yes. I'll just give you some indication. The -- we acquired about $152 million through that deal. They were one of the causes of the increase in the inventory in the quarter. So quarter end, they were at about $166 million. The type of programs you're talking about, you're right, this has more potential for that sort of a financing structure. We don't have any plans in place at the moment, but given we're -- that refinancing of our credit facility, it can be more interesting, I suspect, in terms of it's really a leverage play. So I won't say never, but we don't have anything in the hopper at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Could you remind us how big the chrome bumpers are within the portfolio of products that you guys have?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. It's -- obviously, they're just basically on pick-up trucks. So it's a pretty limited line, mainly Ford, Chevy and Dodge. But the 4 manufacturers don't carry much. But as you know, the F-150 is the #1-selling vehicle in the United States. So it's not a huge product line. It is pretty limited in that respect.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And to that point, just trying to figure out how much business you could potentially get out of this versus your competitors. Are these parts, do they have any extra certifications that possibly some of your competitors would not have?
Robert L. Wagman: No. It's basically being done through -- NSF is the certifying body for most of those products. I think CAPA does a few, but it's mainly NSF.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And can you talk about CCC ONE platform? You didn't give an update on it. Is there anything new there?
Robert L. Wagman: Still progressing. The growth sequentially was 23% in revenue. Again, that's off a small base, but the volume was up 30%. So still gaining traction. Roughly still around 4,000 shops in the program, Scott. Salvage, though, this is -- right now, we're just solely limited to aftermarket. Salvage is slated to roll out in late summer, and that seems to be on target. And CCC tells us they're averaging about 80 shops a month that are being enabled. So they're getting deeper and deeper into this thing. And actually, CCC is actually running some contests to get more shops involved. So they're stepping up on their side. I'm still really very excited about the product, mainly because it's -- the shop is doing most of the work. But the biggest ancillary benefit is that their returns have dropped dramatically as the shops do the -- keen to do a better job keying in the product than our reps were, what we were being told to key in. So very excited about the program, and hope it continues to grow.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Great. And last question on the collision parts program in Europe. Particularly with many of the underwriters in the U.K. writing business in Europe as well, have you seen any initial traction there?
Robert L. Wagman: We have not. This will be Phase 2 of that now with the locations that we acquired at Sator, the 5 locations. We'll now be able to go direct to those shops. So probably later this year, we'll start bringing our insurance team over there to start marketing to the insurance companies. And hopefully, later this year or early next year, we'll start our collision parts program there on the continent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just a couple of follow-ups. The Keystone Specialty segment, what's the growth of that business right now? I know you didn't have it, obviously, in the books last year, but what's the year-on-year growth right now that you're seeing?
Robert L. Wagman: It's growing -- in Q1, year-over-year -- and again, it's not -- we're not obviously reporting it as organic growth yet, but it was mid to high single digits.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And is that how we should be looking at that for 2014, you figure?
Robert L. Wagman: No. We said it's going to grow more North America, but they had a really good Q1. So we think it's going to be somewhere between the 5% to 7%.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the April commentary, where you said that it appears that the shops are working through the backlogs, should I look at that statement and the implication being that April was better than March or better than March and February overall?
Robert L. Wagman: Well, April definitely slows down compared to March just because of the backlog from January to February. But we think we're going to track on plan for April.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And last question, and if you've already mentioned this and I missed it, I apologize. You have 156 ECP stores now, having opened 11 this past quarter. I think your goal originally was 165 by year end. And it would seem as though you're ahead of that pace. Are you still looking at 165? Or how should we look at the store count by year end?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we're going to bring those 9 finish by -- hopefully, by the end of Q2, actually. A few of them may go into early Q3. And at that point, Sam, we'll reevaluate if we can do more. But we'll hit the 165 for no problem at all.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on a previous question. You don't see a lot of chrome bumpers on the roads anymore. Any idea -- if you look at the carpark is, I think, maybe 270 million vehicles, any idea how many have chrome bumpers? And maybe more importantly, what indication, if any, has State Farm given that they may expand this program to plastic bumpers, all types of bumpers and then, obviously, beyond that to other collision parts?
Robert L. Wagman: No indication past the chrome bumpers, and I really don't know what the pick-up truck population in the U.S. is today. But it's certainly a lot smaller than the car population. But yes, you're just going to find these, Bill, to your point, basically just on pick-up trucks. That's all they'll be on.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so far, they haven't given any indication that they may expand this to plastic bumpers or anything else?
Robert L. Wagman: None whatsoever at this point. And with that, we'll be back in about 3 months to give you an update on our results for Q2. Thanks for joining the call, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Call for LKQ Corporation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results, and provided our full year 2014 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.32 billion in the quarter, an increase of 23.3% as compared to Q4 2012. Net income for the fourth quarter was $77.9 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.26, a 23.8% increase over the $0.21 reported for the fourth quarter in 2012. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 9.9% for the quarter. Total organic revenue growth for the quarter was 7.7%. For the full year, our EPS was $1.02, representing an increase of 17.2% from the $0.87 reported in 2012. Our reported earnings in both years had some special items that I'd like to highlight to help in your evaluation of the year-over-year results. Please note, 2013 diluted earnings per share included charges equal to $0.04 per share resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, a loss of -- on debt extinguishment and a change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, all of which we exclude when setting our EPS guidance. Additionally, full year 2012 diluted earnings per share included a $0.04 per share gain from the settlement of a previously disclosed lawsuit and a $0.01 per share loss related to restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and the change in fair value of contingent consideration. So all things considered, I'm really pleased with the year-over-year growth. Revenue reached a record $5.1 billion in 2013, an increase of 23% as compared to 2012. Net income for the full year was $311.6 million compared with $261.2 million for the prior year, an increase of 19.3%. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for 2013 was a strong 11%. Total organic revenue growth for the year was 9.3%. During the fourth quarter, we purchased over 70,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, bringing our full year 2013 vehicle procurement to approximately 281,000, which is a 7% increase over 2012. As noted in previous calls, in 2012, we aligned the reporting structure of our heavy-duty truck salvage with the geographic reporting structure of our wholesale operations. So the aforementioned procurement numbers include the units we purchased for our 26 heavy-duty truck salvage yards. As we enter 2014, the volume at the auctions is robust and the outlook for supply remains steady. Despite the flat pricing dynamic in the quarter, the pricing relief we're witnessing early in Q1 is encouraging trend into 2014, a year that many industry observers have projected a softening in the used car market, which we believe will translate into pricing relief at our salvage auctions. For full year 2013, we witnessed a drop of approximately 3% in our average vehicle cost compared to 2012. In our self-service retail business, during the fourth quarter, we acquired over 120,000 low-cost self-service and crush-only cars, bringing our full year 2013 self-service procurement to approximately 513,000 units, which is a 23% increase over 2012. And lastly, on North America, during the quarter, we continued to make significant progress with the intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Services. CCC ONE's total repair platform is now available to approximately 4,200 users of the CCC ONE Control, Optimize and Innovate product packages, up from 2,000 users in Q3. Though off a small base, the revenue and number of purchase orders processed through the CCC platform both grew sequentially, 197% and 175%, respectively, during the quarter. Clearly, the trend towards shops adopting this feature within the CCC platform is gaining traction. Now turning to our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to increase market share. In Q4, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 25%. For branches open more than 12 months, ECP's organic revenue growth was 19% during the fourth quarter. For full year 2013, ECP had organic revenue growth of 32%, and for branches open more than 12 months, organic revenue growth was 21%. With this type of continued financial performance and the impressive track record of ECP's management team to effectively open, grow and gain market share, I am pleased to announce that we approved an additional 20 new ECP branches for 2014. And now a quick update on ECP's collision program. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong double-digit year-over-year growth of approximately 80% with our collision parts sales at ECP. I am also pleased with the growth in our collision parts offering in the fourth quarter, which today stands at over 19,000 SKUs, which represents an increase of 26% year-over-year. In addition, during the fourth quarter, ECP added 5 additional insurers into their pilot program, bringing our total carrier relationships to 13. Many pilot program participants continue to appreciate the value proposition of ECP's collisions offerings and continue to increase their collision parts spend monthly. During Q1 of this year, one of the 2 insurance companies we signed in 2013 extended their agreement for 3 years. In addition, based on recent dialogue, I expect that in 2014, we will become the key supplier to many of those 11 pilot programs remaining. For our Continental European operations at Sator, we have approved the opening of an additional distribution center in France that will allow us to serve a significant additional hard parts customer base in southeastern France. We expect to be operational by mid-Q2 of this year and are excited about the opportunities this market provides. Also, I continue to be pleased with the purchasing synergies we are witnessing at Sator and I am confident that we are on target to reach the metrics we indicated when we announced the acquisition. Now moving on to acquisitions and development initiatives. On January 3, 2014, the company completed its previously announced acquisition of Keystone Automotive Operations, a leading distributor and marketer of specialty aftermarket equipment and accessories in North America. Keystone markets products to serve 6 category segments: truck and off-road; speed and performance; recreational vehicle; towing; wheels, tires and performance handling; and miscellaneous accessories. Within those categories, Keystone carries approximately 150,000 stocking units and have access to about 300,000 total SKUs. SEMA, the Specialty Equipment Market Association, estimates the total U.S. vehicle specialty market to be approximately $31 billion. Excluding certain products that Keystone doesn't currently distribute in meaningful volumes such as tires, we believe that Keystone's addressable market today is approximately 5 billion, and little, if any of this, overlaps with our existing business. So Keystone provides us with material additional segments to address. With all the acquisitions, we look for strong management teams who want to stay with the company and help us further grow the business. And with Keystone, we clearly have the right management team in place. Though we have only owned Keystone since January, their management team has moved rapidly on synergy and cost-saving initiatives. And today, I am pleased to report that they have already integrated 10 of their cross stocks into existing LKQ and Keystone aftermarket collision warehouses. During Q4 of 2013, we also acquired 3 additional companies: in addition -- in an aftermarket, parts and remanufactured bumper distributor in Wisconsin; a new and refurbished wheel business in New York; and a self-service operation in Indiana. Clearly, our ability to identify and execute effective acquisitions is cornerstone to our strategy, and 2013 was no exceptions, a year in which we added 20 new businesses to the LKQ portfolio. And now a quick update on ECM parts, our Australian joint venture with the largest insurer in the market, Suncorp insurance. ECM parts is on track to begin dismantling and selling recycled auto parts from the first wave of Suncorp salvage vehicles in early Q2 2014. In addition, ECM parts has received its first shipment of aftermarket parts for use in an Australian-specific certification program, operated by NSF, an independent testing organization. We expect the certified aftermarket parts catalog to increase in size over the coming quarters, and we'll have a significant certified part offering for our Australian body-shop partners by Q4 of 2014. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more details on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before I begin with our prepared remarks, I want to comment on a topic of discussion regarding LKQ over the past few months, namely unfounded allegations made regarding the quality of our accounting practices. The management of LKQ and our Board of Directors, auditors and other constituents take seriously any allegation of accounting irregularities or ethical complaints made against the company or any member of management. We have a comprehensive compliance program to ensure that the financial statements signed by Rob, Michael, our board and me are in compliance with GAAP. We operate a whistleblower hotline, where we encourage employees to come forth with any concerns. We review at least quarterly with our Audit Committee any complaints regarding accounting or auditing matters. We have a talented internal audit department that reviews our systems and controls that has direct access to the Audit Committee. We involve numerous independent advisers, such as valuation firms and outside legal counsel in the preparation of our financial reports. Our banking partners, underwriters and other constituents regularly perform due diligence on the company, management and our books and records. In addition, our external auditors, Deloitte & Touche, provide an independent assessment of the financial statements and of the quality of our internal control procedures. The company, our auditors and our audit committee have reviewed each and every allegation ever asserted regarding our accounting practices. As I speak today, I can confirm there are no outstanding or unresolved matters. I can also confirm that although there have been queries, as one would expect in any large public company, there has never been a complaint found to have any material substance or resulted in a change in our books and records. I also note that Deloitte has always issued clean audit opinions, both with respect to our compliance with GAAP and the effectiveness of our internal control of our financial reporting. Within the next few days, we will be filing our Form 10-K with the SEC. While I take my responsibility for those statements very seriously, I rest well knowing the professionalism, integrity and character of the people involved in the preparation and verification of those documents. Of course, our shareholders, bondholders, banks, employees and other constituents should expect nothing less of us. With the integrity of our company well established, in my opinion, the more important thing is how we can continue to create shareholder value. So that said, I want to share with you some of the success we've had in Q4 2013 and some of the plans we have for the current year. Beginning with revenue, our Q4 2013 revenue of $1,317,000,000 was an increase of $249 million compared to Q4 last year or an increase of 23%. It's obviously difficult to quantify exactly the impact of having Christmas holiday fall on a Wednesday compared to a Tuesday in 2012. Our sense is that, overall, it probably had a slight negative impact on sales, but was helpful to our cash flow. For Q4, our total organic revenue growth was 7.7%, and we delivered an additional growth of 15.8% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned that in Q4 2013, organic growth for parts and services was 9.9%. Within that, we saw our North American operations grow organically 5.9%, while the European segment grew 25.2%. We completed 3 acquisitions in Q4 2013, bringing our full year count to 20 transactions. Total change in other revenue, which is where we record our scrap commodity sales, was a slightly negative 0.3%. That was mainly due to the negative organic growth of 5.7% driven by the closure of one of our furnaces that was processing excess aluminum wheels. The average price we received for scrap steel was higher by about 2% year-over-year, $229 a ton this year versus $225 a ton in Q4 2012. Other revenue was 11.1% of total revenue compared to 13.8% for the same period last year and has continued the trend of becoming a lower percentage of and less significant to our total revenue, although it is still susceptible to commodity price swings. In Q4 2013, revenue for our self-serve business was $101 million or 7.7% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 32% of this revenue was parts sales included in North American parts and services, and 68% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our gross margin for Q4 2013 was $546 million or 41.4% of revenue, a decline of approximately 30 basis points from our gross margin percentage in Q4 2012. Acquisitions in the European segment were the primary cause for this change, with Sator causing approximately 70 basis points of the decline and the paint companies in the U.K. adding the further 20 basis points of decline. We saw net improvements in the other lines of business and a favorable mix, which offset all but 30 basis points of the impact from those acquisitions. Custodian warehouse costs were 8.6% of revenue in Q4 2013, a 20-basis-point improvement over the 8.8% in Q4 last year. Our European operations are driving this figure lower as they become a larger proportion of the total revenue base. Distribution costs were 8.5% this quarter as compared to 9.2% in the same quarter last year, an improvement of 70 basis points. Sator has lowered distribution cost, and that acquisition drove 30 basis points of the improvement. In North America and the U.K., we saw the benefits of higher revenue leveraging these costs. We also saw lower fuel cost contributing about 10 basis points to this improvement. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 12.3% of revenue in Q4 last year to 12.2% in Q4 this year. Again, this improvement is primarily related to Sator, which has higher sales per customer and, therefore, lower SG&A expense. In total, facility and warehouse distribution, selling, general and administrative costs were 29.3% of revenue in Q4 2013 compared to 30.3% of revenue in Q4 2012, an improvement of 100 basis points. Sator accounts for approximately 60 basis points of that change. I mentioned on our last quarterly call that excluding the impacts from acquisitions, we appear to be getting leverage in these costs in North America, and we continue to see that leverage coming through in Q4 2013 figures. During Q4 2013, we recorded $2.8 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. These are primarily related to a tuck-in acquisition we completed in the Netherlands. Depreciation and amortization was 1.8% of revenue during Q4 this year as compared to 1.6% of revenue in Q4 2012. Depreciation and amortization grew from $17.1 million in Q4 2012 to $23.1 million in Q4 2013, an increase of 35%. It's worth taking a moment to note that this figure is growing faster than revenue, primarily because of the amortization of intangibles associated with our acquisition program. When we complete an acquisition, we are required to identify and then amortize intangibles, such as the value of customer relationships. These are noncash charges which impact our net income and earnings per share, but are not related to future needs for capital asset investments. Other expenses net increased $15.2 million in the 3 months ended December 31, 2013 -- excuse me, increased to $15.2 million compared to the $7.7 million in the same period last year, an increase of $7.5 million. Interest expense was $6 million higher due to higher debt levels combined with higher interest rates on our senior notes. Expenses in Q4 2013 related to adjustments of contingent consideration were $739,000 compared to income of $144,000 last year in the same period. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 4.5%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34.3% compared to 35.6% in Q4 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower foreign tax rates as our international business becomes a larger percentage of the total company. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.26 in Q4 2013 compared to $0.21 in Q4 2012, an improvement of 24%. The combination of acquisition-related expenses and contingent purchase price adjustments impacted EPS by less than $0.01 for Q4 in both 2012 and 2013. Switching to our year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $428 million for 2013 compared to $206 million in 2012. Obviously, a key driver of the year-over-year improvement was our higher net income. We also had favorable working capital movements, including lower cash payments for income taxes of $36 million due to prepayments made in 2012. Cash payments for incentive compensation were $14 million lower during 2013. You may recall that in Q4 2012, we had an inventory build partly in anticipation of port disruptions, which we did not repeat in 2013. The timing of inventory and other payments, particularly at year end in 2013, gave us a favorable working capital benefit, which exceeded our expectations. Capital spending was $90 million in 2013, only $2 million higher than the $88 million in 2012. Some of the projects we anticipated for completion in 2013 will be carried over to 2014, as I'll mention in a moment when discussing guidance. We spent $408 million on acquisitions, the largest being Sator, which accounted for $273 million of the total. On the cash flow statement, you will note that we also show a $9 million investment in an unconsolidated subsidiary related to our Australian joint venture. We ended 2013 with $1.3 billion of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $150 million. As of December 31, 2013, availability in our credit facility and accounts receivable facility was $1.2 billion. In early July -- excuse me, in early January, we used some of the balance sheet cash and borrowing capacity to finance Keystone Automotive Operations' acquisition. On a pro forma basis, availability after that transaction was approximately $700 million. Turning to guidance. As we stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transaction costs, gains, losses, contingent purchase price adjustments, capital expenditures or cash flows associated with acquisitions. Our guidance for 2014 for organic revenue growth for parts and services is 8% to 10%. We are expecting North America to continue to perform much like we saw last year. Europe's growth will likely abate slightly as the new ECP locations will not be as impactful as those that contributed to last year's growth. In addition, in May 2014, we will reach the anniversary of Sator, and in August, the anniversary of the U.K. paint deals. These lines will not be growing at the same rate that our core ECP business has been growing. So while we remain bullish on the ECP growth story, it will be slightly diluted by other slowly growing lines of businesses as they reach their 1-year anniversary. Our net income and earnings per share guidance ranges are $400 million to $430 million and $1.30 to $1.40, respectively. Our guidance for capital expenditures is $110 million to $140 million. This guidance is higher than the $90 million we reported for 2013, primarily because we are that much bigger a company, and we do have some carryover projects from 2013 that are still in the development stage. We still believe the majority of the spending is associated with our growth as opposed to being replacement projects. We are projecting cash flow from operations of approximately $375 million. And obviously, this level would be lower than the $428 million generated in 2013. As we have seen in 2012 and 2013, working capital movements can cause this number to fluctuate at year end in ways that are sometimes difficult to project. In 2012, working capital changes were less favorable than we expected. And in 2013, they were more favorable. Our 2014 projection has assumed what we would consider normal movements. We don't provide quarterly guidance for specific line items, but I do want to give the analyst community a few data points to assist with modeling. On the December 6, 2013, call, we discussed the then-pending Keystone Automotive Operations acquisition that subsequently closed on January 4 this year. As a reminder, we expect that acquisition will generate approximately $700 million of revenue in 2014. Gross margins are expected to be in the low 30% range and approximately 10% EBITDA margin. We are still working through the opening balance sheets and the identification of the intangible assets, but you should anticipate that our depreciation and amortization will continue to rise disproportionately to our other costs simply due to an increase in amortization of the intangible assets for Keystone, along with the carryover effect of the acquisitions we completed in 2013. Obviously, these are noncash charges to rinse, but we have included an estimate of them in our guidance. We've previously disclosed our joint venture in Australia. We expect that this operation will incur initial start-up losses that must be expensed. Because of the JV and the accounting rules, we're not able to tax effect those losses at this time. We are anticipating those losses to be approximately $0.02 per share this year. This loss is built into our guidance, and we expect that by the time we exit 2015, this operation will no longer be generating losses. We expect that the tax rate will be in the 34.5% to 35% range. There'll be some variability in this rate depending upon the mix of foreign earnings. We forecast minimal discrete items in 2014. I note above that other revenue, which includes scrap and core sales, has been falling as a percent of our revenue, notwithstanding commodity prices create some variability in our income statement quarter-to-quarter. We assume that the majority of our commodity prices would be flat to Q4 2013. Unfortunately, in the last few weeks, we have seen prices drifting lower, and thus far, Q4 -- Q1 prices are about 3% lower than the Q4 2013 levels, but hopefully, this will be a short-term issue. As our foreign operations grow, foreign exchange could cause additional volatility. The pound sterling is high level and the Canadian dollar has been under pressure. We are taking the steps to counter the impact from the weak Canadian dollar. The high sterling would be a concern if it fell because our U.S. dollar earnings would decline. The Manheim Index remains high. Q4 2013 was essentially flat to Q3 2013 and was down year-over-year by less than 1%. We remain optimistic that as new car production continues to recover, used car prices will begin to fall, but obviously, we haven't seen that come through yet in a meaningful way. A couple of debt-related and cash flow items. We expect to have approximately $42 million in mandatory debt repayments in 2014. In addition, we have contingent purchase price adjustments of approximately $52 million, which we expect to process in the first half of 2014. And as a reminder, the bond we issued last year increased our average borrowing rate after May 2013. Unless we see an increase in LIBOR or further refinancings or a large acquisition, we're not expecting our Q4 effective interest rate of 4.5% to materially change in 2014. Now one final item to mention. There are a number of tranches of restricted stock units for Section 16 officers vesting this week. I believe that most of the Section 16 officers have 10b5-1 plans in place that call for automatic selling of a portion of their shares to pay the related taxes. So we will be filing Form 4S with the SEC disclosing those sales in the next few days. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Rob.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2013 performance. I am proud of the achievements we made in 2013 and confident that the strategic framework we have in place for our operating segments has positioned the company well for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. As we enter the new year, the trends in our North American business are favorable. New vehicle sales hit 15.6 million in 2013, up nearly 8% from 2012. During 2013, the vehicles in operation reached the highest point on record since Q3 2008. This trend, combined with an improving employment landscape, should lead to an increased driving during peak times, which would bode well for our North American collision business and for our recently acquired Keystone business. As I am sure everyone is aware, this winter has posed some unique challenges for all businesses, and we were unfortunately not exempt from the negative impacts of the winter in North America. As a company, we witnessed a number of days in multiple key U.S. and Canadian markets where we were forced to close due to extreme weather conditions. From Texas to Maine, many cities declared state of emergency, forcing motorists off the roads. While this has caused some headwinds for Q1, we are optimistic that there's a backlog of work that will make its way through the base of repairers throughout the course of 2014. In fact, last week was the first week of the year that we had no weather disruptions, and we posted our highest revenue week ever. As part of our growth and diversification strategy, Europe continues to provide exciting opportunities for the company, and we are quite pleased with the performance of this segment so far and the value it has created for our stockholders. We plan to expand our ECP branch count in the U.K. and continue to focus on driving collision part sales through their existing network while simultaneously leveraging ECP's purchasing power with Sator in attempt to maximize the synergies and cost savings that exist between their respective suppliers and product mix. And lastly, with our development efforts, we will continue to focus on our core North American collision business by looking at additional salvage locations and product-specific aftermarket businesses. We will also continue to explore aftermarket mechanical parts businesses that will serve as a foothold for operations in other European markets. We have never wavered from this acquisition strategy and are pleased with the pipeline of opportunities for the company. In closing, I am proud of the hard work and dedication of our 25,000-plus employees, delivered for the company, our stockholders and most importantly, our customers in 2013. I am equally proud of our team's commitment and laser focus on delivering that same level of success and continued growth in 2014. This focus allows us to project solid EPS gains for 2014. At the low end of our guidance, it represents a 23% increase over 2013 adjusted results, and at the high end, we would increase EPS 32% year-over-year. And with that, Rob, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe I could start with the weather issue. I think a lot of people would have expected that given the harsh weather and the accident frequency increase, we would see more volume in Q4 and Q1. I'm guessing people don't factor in the lost selling days. But given what Copart said about volumes being so high recently, shouldn't we expect that to start to flow through in the back half of Q1 and then into Q2?
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's fair, Craig. Obviously, there is a backlog at the shops. I did listen to the Copart call as well, and I think that backlog at the salvage auctions bodes well for us, too, in terms of buying. There'll be plenty of salvage available. And generally speaking, when there's more salvage available, we can buy at little bit better rates. Let me just talk about the quarter so far. We did face quite a bit of disruption from the weather with major cities basically shut down. We had to deal with our own distribution concerns, but we also faced many customers that were closed due to the weather. We are certain there's a backlog at the shops just from our data that we've had with our customers. And we do expect that to work through the back half of the quarter and into other quarters as well throughout the course of the year.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then shifting into Europe, I'm sure there's a large investor base that's interested in your progress there. What's the pipeline look like, Rob? Are you more focused on executing what you've got, or are there opportunities that you think could happen in 2014?
Robert L. Wagman: We're focused on both, Craig, both on, obviously, execution, but we do have people over on our side doing some M&A work, and the pipeline looks good. It takes time. They're relationship-driven acquisitions where we have to get to know the companies, make sure we're getting the best in the marketplace. But I do anticipate more acquisitions in that marketplace. Whether it be 2014 or 2015, I'm not sure. But certainly, the pipeline looks very good there.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then one more, and I'll get back in the queue. But John, I appreciate your comments on sort of the accounting and the discipline behind that. Can you confirm whether we should expect to see an unqualified opinion in the 10-K and whether goodwill is carried at an appropriate level based on how you've carried it in past 10-Ks?
John S. Quinn: I don't want to speak for Deloitte, because they haven't, obviously, issued their opinion yet, but I expect a clean opinion and with no goodwill impairment issues whatsoever. We completed our goodwill testing, as we do every year in Q4, and cleared that hurdle handsomely, frankly.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Albertine with Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: On the -- I just want to get a sense for given the Keystone acquisition, you came in at the end of the day toward the lower end of your full year guidance. I wanted to understand if that was more timing-related or sort of expense-driven or if there was something else in there that was more of a pressure than you anticipated in the -- toward the end of the year?
John S. Quinn: Keystone didn't really impact it, I don't think at all, really, because we obviously completed that in January. I think we had talked a little bit about the timing of Christmas. We weren't sure whether that was going to hurt us. Our sense is things both in North America and in Europe really slowed down in the back 2 weeks of December, frankly. I don't know that we would want to blame necessarily anything on that, but our sense is that, that probably did hurt the sales a little bit in Q4.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I appreciate that. And if I could ask one more just on gross margin. It looks like while down year-over-year, and you attributed I think some of that pressure certainly to Sator and some international growth, however, it looks like the degradation actually has improved, if you will. I'm trying to get a sense for how you're looking at gross margin trajectory going forward and how that contributes to your expectations for FY '14.
John S. Quinn: Sure, good question. The -- in the quarter, yes, we're down about 100 -- year-over-year in the quarter, we're down about 30 basis points. Sator and the paint deals are probably about 90 basis points negative, and we saw the rest of the business actually get some slight improvement, mostly in North America. So probably about 60 bps there offsetting that. So we do feel like we're continuing to get a little bit of traction in the North American business margin. Nothing dramatic yet because we really haven't seen cost of goods sold come down in terms of the commodity prices -- excuse me, in terms of the car prices, and commodities have not been our friend. They weren't our friend really last year throughout the whole year. They were volatile year-over-year, they ended up slightly negative on the whole year. In terms of going forward, I just caution everybody, don't forget that Keystone Automotive is going to drag down margins again. We said that probably low 30% gross margins on that business. If you do the math, we're coming up with circa 110, 120 basis points negative impact to the entire company. Failing that, you're just going to see the seasonality. Scrap, as I mentioned, is down right now. We think that's a short-term phenomenon. Turkey pulled out of the market earlier this year, which was I think partly driven by the political unrest there. So hopefully, that springs back, and we'll be at least at neutral, which is what we're projecting for the year. And then the rest of the gross margin, I don't really anticipate any dramatic changes, unless, as I've always said, "unless something changes," which is commodity prices go up or we see some improvement in the cost of goods sold associated with the salvage business.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, we've -- I certainly appreciate the comments that you made about some of the accounting allegations. I guess from where we're sitting, the 2 questions that we're hearing from investors, the 2 points of concern, I think, are: One, are you seeing any additional pricing pressure from OEMs versus past years? Or I mean -- or really, is this what you characterize the price matching programs as kind of regional, kind of spotty and really nothing new?
John S. Quinn: I think I'll let Rob handle that one.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. John, the OEM price match is definitely regional and spotty, and they've been around for many years. GM in that recent report was highlighted, so we actually got some stats for the call. There are roughly 6,000 parts in that program. GM offers over 300,000 different SKUs, and less than 10% of their dealers even participate in the program. Apparently you have to get truckload shipments in order to participate. And then what we did, we also pulled our data since 2009 on all GM parts sold. We looked at all parts and our top 5 parts sold. In fact, the sales are actually in line with our overall performance of roughly about 6.6%. For the parts that are sold just in collision in North America, our growth was roughly 6.6%, and that's right in line. So this program doesn't appear to be hurting us. Like I said, the numbers are in line with other manufacturers. So we do see a little bit of regional, spotty attempts to apply this, but with 10% of the dealer network participating, it's really not a factor to our numbers.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. And the second question would be on just the number of ECP stores that you think are needed to cover the U.K. market. I mean, the way we are thinking about it at least is the U.K. market, let's call it, 15% of the U.S. market, and if you look at the number of kind of AutoZone, GPC, O’Reilly type stores, I mean, it's probably 15,000 to 20,000 in the U.S. So 15% of that, you're somewhere around 3,000 stores, and maybe haircut that a bit because there's a smaller DIY market and your stores tend to be bigger. But I mean, is it fair to assume that there's still room for more stores in the U.K.?
Robert L. Wagman: There is. As we announced, 20 new stores have been approved for this year, which, by the way, we expect to get them all done by Q2. So we'll have those 20 stores in, which will put our total at 165 if we get those 20 done. We believe -- you've got to remember, the U.K. is roughly the size of Oregon. So it's much more compact, and the people are squeezed into a much smaller area. So it allows us to reach a much greater penetration with a smaller number of stores. We believe the right number, when it's all said and done, we have been saying pretty consistently, it's about 175 to 200. We're leaning towards the 200 number, John, because basically, you want to be within 5 miles of the population base we're trying to serve. So 200 in the U.K. Of course, we look at Ireland as another opportunity which we haven't touched yet as well. Northern Ireland, we're in, but not southern Ireland. So there's plenty of opportunity left, and those would be the full ECP branches that we talked about. We did talk about in some more remote areas, we call them ECP light branches, for example, maybe half the size with half the inventory, but be able to service a more remote area. We think another 25 of those. So 200 full branches, about 25 ECP light branches, so we still have at least a couple of years of buildout left, probably closer to 3.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit more specifically, John, if we could, and I mean clearly, we can add some of these numbers up, but I know that not all the accounting is finalized on the amortization for Keystone 2. But can you give us a rough sense now that it's closed in that you kind of have some numbers behind you what we should expect in overall accretion for this year?
John S. Quinn: You're talking from Keystone?
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, Keystone 2.
John S. Quinn: Yes, we haven't -- I mean, we haven't disclosed any specific number associated with that. I want to hold off doing that until we get the other numbers finalized. But I think, with -- if you take the EBITDA and use a fairly heavy rate for the depreciation and amortization, and then apply 4.5% interest. And then remember, that business is all in the U.S., or primarily in the U.S., it's going to be a full 39% tax rate. You'd probably come up with a pretty close number to what we're thinking in terms of pro forma-ing, Nate.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then second question is -- I mean, obviously, you guys are doing great in terms of the top line growth, and certainly, the acquisition part of the story continues to kind of increase the overall expense level a little bit. But can you give us a sense of maybe on a few of the internal programs or what you guys are looking at the overall expense side to let some of the accretion maybe from the past deals flow through, even as we continue to do maybe a few more tuck-ins here and there, just in terms of a sense of where we are on the opportunity to kind of limit a little bit of that expense growth going forward.
John S. Quinn: Yes, I'll start, and then maybe, Rob, you can join in. Obviously, we continue to look at the transportation network, and the strategy has always been to try to fill in the holes and shrink the average distance that the parts move, and we've done a lot of work on that recently, re-tendering some of those transportation links. We continue to look at opportunities when warehouses come available to see if we can co-locate the facilities. And obviously, we're talking with the new Keystone operations to see if there's any opportunities to co-locate those. I think, as an example, I think Rob talked to some of the -- was it 9?
Robert L. Wagman: 10.
John S. Quinn: 10 cross stocks that we've currently managed to co-locate. It's an evolution that just -- we don't want to run out and do -- replace warehouses before the leases are up, obviously. But just as the leases get expired, we try to see if we can co-locate facilities. It's not -- over time, I think some of the -- you will see the industry moving towards more of electronic procurement, the CCC product that we've been talking about. It's very early days, but you are seeing a lot of electronic ordering coming through for that. We're finding that's improving the accuracy, which means fewer returns, it's improving the -- obviously it's a lot easier to process an electronic order. And we're seeing that pressure coming not only from the shops, but also some of our insurance partners as well. I think we talked in the past about State Farm's product. They're trying to implement some kind of an electronic ordering process, which, at the moment, is actually causing a little bit more cost for us as opposed to less. But ultimately, I think the industry goes to that sort of a platform of some kind.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, and I was going to highlight, Nate, on top of what John said, that the Keystone integration is a great example. I couldn't be more pleased with the speed of that integration, to have 10 cross stocks in about 1.5 months folded into our facilities. Stage 2 of that, now we've got them moved in, will be to start sharing deliveries wherever we can, of course, to try and gain efficiencies. We actually expect, as a result of that, our service levels to increase. We'll be able to get to the customers even quicker. So we're very pleased with that, and I think we'll continue to leverage that. And to John's second point on the CCC system, just one upgrade that's coming at the end of Q2, we'll be launching e-invoices to all of our customers through CCC, which will allow substantial savings for our customers, and hopefully, eventually us on the admin costs. So we're continuing to look at those opportunities to tuck in the businesses together, and I think the KAO acquisition is a great example of how fast we can move on that.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just last question, John. Usually, at this point, you kind of give us what could impact kind of the high or the low end of guidance in terms of what may or may not be in there. I would assume that you're probably not, even on the high end, including a lot of benefit if you roll out more of the collision parts or if the Manheim really does drop maybe a little bit more significantly. I assume that that's not in there at all, but could you give us a little sense for what is in there on the low end versus the high end?
John S. Quinn: Yes, I think Rob mentioned that Q1 started off a little bit slow. In the -- January, we were shut down in a number of places. We see other industries that are unrelated to us, like restaurants and so forth, saying their sales were down. I don't know if people didn't have accidents because they weren't driving to the restaurant or not. So to the extent how big the backlog is in those shops, we don't really know yet, but if -- our sense is that this is a much better weather environment than we had a year ago. The other things that could be impacting, obviously, are the FX rates, the weather for the rest of the year. Scrap, we assume scrap is going to be relatively neutral to us. That could be favorable or unfavorable. I think the Manheim Index, we just assume sort of steady as it goes. I don't think there's much risk on the upside to that. Our bias is that it will probably come down over time. I've been saying that on this call, though, for a fair number of quarters. I still believe it to be true. I just, it's a question of when. Obviously, the new car production took a little bit of a step back in January. They think that's the weather, but the systemic trend there that we see is probably good for us. There has been some threats of port strikes. I don't think that's going to impact us yet. We're going to try to manage that and build up the inventory. If it looks serious, we'll try to get the product off the water sooner, but obviously, that could have an impact on us. Rob, did you...
Robert L. Wagman: That's right. Like I said, Nate, in my remarks that I was very encouraged by last week, the first week of the year that we were -- went a week without uninterrupted distribution runs, and we posted a record week. So it feels like there is some pent-up demand that's going to be coming through the system.
John S. Quinn: And Europe is -- I just mentioned that briefly. Europe is suffering from a very mild winter, frankly. While we were hit here, they were suffering from a mild winter, and that was unfortunate for them because things like battery sales and stuff just don't -- are not happening over there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A question on Keystone, now that you've had it for a bit. I guess if you could give us some thoughts on maybe how you see that business growing, going forward as it exists today, and then whether or not there's any change as far as the distribution model that you can make, either adding more direct or incremental points-of-sale that might change the growth rate from just a traditional 3-stepper into something else?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. And as I mentioned, the speed of integration, we are thrilled with, Bret. I never envisioned getting 10 of these cross stocks already co-located, so we're very pleased with that. I personally have had the opportunity to interact with the associates at Keystone, the customers and suppliers. Keystone puts on 3, what they call, "big shows" with customers and vendors. They were all held in January and February. And I got to join 2 of those. It's really just getting to know people and know the space. The Keystone people or new Keystone colleagues have presented us an opportunity in one major market to add additional warehouse, would make the sixth distribution center. We've already approved it. Great potential for market share gains in that particular market. The operation synergies, as I said, they're not just for cost savings, but I believe there's going to be meaningful enhancements to the customer service levels. We'll be able to get the parts to the customers even quicker, at less expense is what we hope. Back-office synergies, really in line with our expectations and progressing very well. I just want to talk about some of the cross-selling opportunities as well. At the 3 shows, we actually launched LKQ products to those customer base. Basically 3 main product lines come into play here: ATK, which is our re-man engine division; Goodmark, which is our classic car collision parts; and our Coast to Coast line, which is wheels and accessories. Very well received by the customer base there and very interesting crossover of sales opportunities there. It's early. I want to warn everybody that these are early days, but we actually are starting to talk with our European counterparts over at Sator and ECP of the potential of European distribution of these products. So overall, we're very pleased. I just want to share with you 2 things that happened at the shows for me personally just talking to some of the customers. I actually ran into a customer and said he needed a pickup bed for one of his units and we sold him a pickup bed on the spot. So there are some opportunities, and the second one that we saw was on paint. These are the customers and these other customers that Keystone markets to have many paint booths. So we already launched our paint teams into these new opportunities. So I'm very pleased with that. The second half of your question was really going to a 2-step. I don't see that happening anytime soon. We will certainly market these products to collision repair shops, but we'll continue certainly to market to that 3-step model because that's the most effective way to go to market at this point.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then one question, I guess, as it relates to North American collision. Net-net, taking out the delivery issues on the first quarter to date, are you seeing what seems to be sort of a fairly extreme weather pattern for this winter being a benefit to total the aftermarket alternative parts demand this year? Is it improving the growth rate?
Robert L. Wagman: I will take this weather over a -- 50-degree weather any day of the week. I think it's just going to be lumpy, Bret, like I said, just because so many days we couldn't deliver the parts, but I am expecting that backlog to come through.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And one last question. Do you have the most recent number on alternative parts penetration?
Robert L. Wagman: I don't. We did get an update from CCC. CCC reports that figure, the annual figure in March. However, during the year, CCC actually reported APU fluctuating between 37% and 38%. I think in June, it was at 38%. It does move depending on seasonality and supplements that hit the marketplace. We think, when the final number is in, it's obviously between -- somewhere between 37% and 38%, but it could very well round down to 37%. But we actually believe there's a reason why the number has been flat recently. And we've really discussed it in the past, but I just want to reiterate as long as we get asked the question. As you know, APU is computed and reported as dollars spent on alternative parts as a percentage of total dollars spent on all repair parts. There have been 3 major trends impacting APU recently: First, the aging carpark. LKQ, this is a pretty interesting stat, compared to 2008, we're selling on average a 2-year older model year part than we were in 2008 because of the aging carpark. Obviously, an older car part is going to command a lower part price. Second, with the recent lower-than-average sal rate [ph] that has limited the availability of recycled parts that we have even to sell. After the fall of new car production between 2008 and 2011, fewer cars reached the salvage pools and then obviously, fewer parts, and what I call our sweet spot, that 3 to 8 years, Bret. However, we think the recent improvement in the sal rate [ph] over the past 3 years should start to mitigate that trend. And we think that the average age of vehicle will start coming down, and obviously, because those -- that bigger tranche of vehicles are now starting to hit that sweet spot, there's going to be more recycle parts available. And the last drag on AP usage has been the recent surge in the sal rate [ph], interestingly enough. That's worked a little bit against us, in that brand-new cars tend to get OE parts for the first couple of years. But again, as those things start aging in the 3 to 4 years, we think that's a good trend for us. So with everything -- with all those headwinds ahead of -- in front of us, and I think most of them now behind us, we're actually pretty happy that AP usage has been stable. Interesting enough, CCC does do a report that actually shows on a per-unit basis, not on a parts dollars, but the number of units actually being written in alternative parts, and it's actually expanding, so we are continuing to take market share from the OEs on a per-unit basis. And the last thing I do want to say about AP usage is, it's an industrywide stat that CCC reports. And while it's remained flat over the past years, LKQ grew organically in our North American collision repair segments by over 6.6%. So I think it really highlights the effectiveness we've had with our direct marketing to the insurance industry and the team that heads up that for LKQ.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you comment just a little bit, if you go back, remind us maybe history a little bit of when there's this type of availability in the marketplace at the auctions, what have you seen that variability be as far as the pricing and the ability to, as you get to a certain point in those cycle times to be able to get a better price for that car?
Robert L. Wagman: We tend to see -- it tends to follow supply and demand, John. And the supply is obviously going to be increased. We do some of our better buying in this time frame because the auctions are plentiful and we just buy a lot of cars. So I expect this will be a good buying period for LKQ with the influx of the salvage and just the sheer availability of those cars starting to come through the pipeline should bode well for our purchasing.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And you've got some -- you mentioned some backlog, but just in general, how long, if you buy the car today, just in terms of timing, how long -- that cycle time before you sell that part is roughly what?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, generally speaking, depending on the backlog we have at our operations. But from the time we buy it, bring it into our facility, we triage it, getting the fluids out, getting all the hazardous materials out, inventorying it and keeping in mind that backlog, it's 4 to 6 weeks from the time we buy it until it's actually in inventory and ready to go because we have a pretty healthy backlog as we speak right now.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And last question on Europe, though. Obviously a lot of progress with the insurance companies. What do you think the time frame is for some of these other pilots to be reviewed and decisions made?
Robert L. Wagman: I'm optimistic that in '14, we'll be bringing some of these things over the hill here, John. We've gotten really great response and, again, with 80% growth, it's worked really well for us. What has also been a powerful play for us is the paint acquisition we did there, being able to bundle options to our body-shop customers. We're very happy with the synergies that are coming along and have been achieved, and they will be achieved over the time frame we've made public to the street. And we're making progress on leveraging that distribution network as well, so we can get the products on the same trucks. Our paint NDC, we opened an NDC, a national distribution center, just for our paint products, will be fully operational by the end of March and will be servicing all the branches. And then obviously, having those nationwide delivery capabilities for our paint is allowing us to gain national accounts on the paint business. So I'm very pleased with that and expect continued growth there.
John S. Quinn: Operator, I see we're running a little over -- to just be respectful of people's time, maybe one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Back on January 16, Rob, you came out with a press release, and in there, you mentioned, you reminded us that neither the company nor its insiders can buy LKQ stock during a blackout. Once the blackout now has been lifted, can we expect to see a fair amount of insider purchases in the coming days?
Robert L. Wagman: Some of us, some of the Section 16 officers sold stock in December, and unfortunately, they're blocked out for 6 months as an SEC rule. So we won't be able to -- those who did sell in December won't be able to do anything. As far as the company itself buying back stock, I don't think that's going to happen, Sam. We think the better use of our capital is to continue our acquisition strategy. And the board has not authorized a stock purchase buyback at this time.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are you or John restricted to buying stock in the next 6 months?
Robert L. Wagman: We both are.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so the intent, or at least -- putting words in your mouth, hopefully, I'm not doing that, but after that restriction has been lifted, assuming no material increase in the stock price, would you imagine that you would be interested in buying the stock back at these levels?
Robert L. Wagman: I would be.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question. ECP stores, John, you mentioned the 12-month comps for stores that were open at least 12 months. Do you happen to have the growth rates of those stores that were open at least 2 or 3 years?
John S. Quinn: We have the more than 1 year and that is -- just a second, I'll look.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we're looking that up right now, Sam.
John S. Quinn: I thought that was in your remarks.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I think in your remarks, you said it was like either 19% or 21% growth for stores open at least 12 months. But obviously, that would be inflated by those stores that are rolling into the comp base that are only 13, 14, 15 months old. And then you've got a fair amount of those. So to get a sense of what the true organic growth of the business is on stores that have been open for at least 2 or 3 years might be helpful for us.
Robert L. Wagman: And my script was just on the last quarter, so I think you're looking for more detail.
John S. Quinn: We don't have a breakout between years, Sam. We just bifurcate it between open more than a year, which was 19% in Q4 and 21% for the full year, and then less than a year.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you in April when we report our first quarter 2014 results. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Lee Kelley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Manny. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our third quarter 2013 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Hopefully everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm now happy to turn the call over to Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share of $0.24 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2013, increased 33% from $0.18 for the third quarter of 2012. As noted in the press release, the third quarter of 2013 and 2012 diluted earnings per share figures both included losses totaling $0.01 per share resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and the change in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Adjusting for these items in the quarter, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.25, which represents growth of 32% over the prior-year quarter. Revenue for the quarter was a record $1.3 billion, an increase of 27.7% as compared to $1.02 billion in the third quarter of 2012. Net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $73 million, an increase of 36% as compared to $54 million for the same period of 2012. During the third quarter of 2013, the company delivered organic revenue growth for parts and services of 11.7%. I am particularly pleased with our North American organic revenue growth for parts and services, which increased 6.2% despite facing unseasonably mild summer temperatures and lower-than-average storm activity in the quarter. Now for more detail on our North American operations. During the third quarter, we purchased approximately 69,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 15% increase over Q3 2012. The volume at the auctions is robust and the outlook for supply remains steady. We continue to be pleased with the pricing dynamics we are witnessing at auction despite the recent movement in the Manheim Index. During Q3, vehicle cost was down over 4% year-over-year. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should be well positioned as we approach year end and the start of 2014. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the third quarter we purchased approximately 1,800 units for parts as compared to nearly 1,700 in Q3 2012 or a 6% increase. In our self-service retail business, during the third quarter we acquired over 128,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars as compared to nearly 106,000 in Q3 of 2012 or a 21% increase. Lastly on North America, during the quarter, we continued to make significant progress with the intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Services. CCC ONE's total repair platform is now available to approximately 2,000 users of the CCC ONE Control, Optimize and Innovate product packages, up from 600 users in Q2. Though off of a small base, the revenue and number of purchase orders processed through the CCC platform both grew over 200% during the quarter. Now turning to our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to capture market share. In Q3, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 32.9%, and for branches open more than 12 months the organic growth rate was 24%. As mentioned on prior calls, we approved 15 additional ECP branches to be opened in the third and fourth quarter of 2013. And today, we are on track to hit that target. Through October, we have opened 6 new branches, with the remaining 9 branches scheduled to be opened by year end. Now for an update on ECP's collisions program. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong, double-digit, year-over-year growth of over 80% with our collision parts sales at ECP. I am also pleased with the growth in our collision parts offerings, which today now stands at over 14,000 SKUs, which represents an increase of 22% year-over-year. Also, we are proud to report that we have finalized an agreement to supply collision parts to a second U.K. carrier in our pilot program. This particular agreement is with a top-10 carrier. Under the terms of the agreement, we are the sole supplier of alternative collision parts to the 16 of their carrier-owned shops located throughout the U.K. Given that we are bound by an NDA, we cannot disclose the carrier's name or any specific details of the agreement at this time. To further our commitment to expanding Euro Car Parts' collision parts business, the company announced on August 6, 2013, that it acquired 5 paint distributors with a total of 26 locations throughout the United Kingdom. The acquired distributors include Bee Bee Refinishing Supplies Halstead, JCA Coatings, Milton Keynes Paint & Equipment, Premier Paints and finally, Sinemaster Motor Factors. We believe that, with the addition of paint and an extended range of consumables for the Euro Car Parts' product portfolio, we have taken another important step toward becoming the leading one-stop-shop supplier to the collision repair industry in the U.K. market. These 5 companies provide us with coverage to most of the U.K. market. We believe we are the only nonmanufacturer with a national distribution capability in the U.K. These acquisitions should help further our growing relationship with both insurers and body-shop repairers in the U.K. Lastly, on our European operations, I am pleased with the initial round of purchasing synergies we are witnessing at Sator. Though still in the early stages, I am confident that we are on target to reach the metrics we indicated when we announced the acquisition. Now moving on to development projects and other acquisitions. On August 20, 2013, the company announced that it had formed a joint venture with Suncorp Group to develop an alternative auto parts business in Australia. Measured by premiums, Suncorp Group is Australia's largest insurer. With this joint venture, we plan to develop at least one wholesale salvage yard, one aftermarket parts distribution business and one self-service salvage yard in or near each of the Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney markets over the next 4 years. As part of that agreement, LKQ will supply aftermarket parts to the joint venture, in addition to contributing our experience and expertise to help establish automotive parts recycling operations. Suncorp will supply salvage vehicles to the joint venture and help establish relationships with repair shops as customers. Suncorp acquires approximately 60,000 salvage vehicles from its policyholders annually, and approximately 37,000 of those salvage vehicles are acquired within 100 miles of the locations we intend to open. Within these markets, Suncorp currently has 25 of their own repair shops and an extensive list of preferred regional repairers. These dynamics can provide -- combine to provide the joint venture with an immediate and cost-effective source of salvage supply and instant body-shop demand on day 1 of operations. With over 12 million passenger vehicles on the road in Australia and a low usage of alternative parts in the market, we believe that this joint venture model presents potential long-term opportunities for our shareholders not only in Australia but other markets, as well. In addition to our U.K. distributors acquisition and the Australian joint venture, during Q3 we acquired 2 additional companies: A specialty automotive parts distributor in the Benelux and a salvage operation in Arizona. I am pleased with the strength of our acquisition pipeline and the opportunities that continues to present across all lines of business and within our geographic segments. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Hopefully everyone's had a chance to review our press release this morning. As Joe mentioned, we expect to file our Form 10-Q with the SEC in the next few days, so please watch for that, as well. Rob just spoke to the Australian joint venture. I just want to make it clear that we have a 49% interest in that venture. So from an accounting point of view, that means that we will not be consolidating the joint venture. There's essentially no income statement impact from that transaction in Q3 2013. What we expect is, in the future, we will show our share of net income or loss from the venture being reported on an after-tax basis as a single line in the income statement, below the income-tax provision line. If our investment gets large enough, it'll be shown as a separate line on the balance sheet, as a single line. Beginning with revenue. Our Q3 2013 revenue of $1,298,000,000 was an increase of $281 million as compared to Q3 last year or an increase of 28%. This is our second consecutive quarterly revenue which is annualized to more than $5 billion. Our total organic growth of 10.8% was supplemented by 17.4% acquisition growth and we had about 0.5% of negative impact from foreign currency. Parts and services revenue grew organically at 11.7%. And within that category, as Rob mentioned, our European operations continued to perform strongly with 32.9% organic growth. The North American parts and services' organic growth was also a healthy 6.2%. We did benefit from an extra selling day in Q3 2013 as compared to Q3 2012. We saw other revenue increase by $19 million, a 14% increase. We record scrap and core revenue in other revenue. Acquisitions increased other revenue by $12 million. Or -- our organic growth in this line was $7 million positive as volume increases slightly more than offset lower commodity prices and the discontinuance of operations at one of our aluminum furnaces. The trend I mentioned last quarter regarding other revenue continued this quarter. It remains important to the company because of its absolute size and contribution to the profitability of our recycling and self-service businesses. But as a percent of revenue, we saw other revenue fall again in Q3 this year to 11.9% of total revenue as compared to 13.4% in Q3 last year. We will continue to experience short-term impacts from fluctuating commodity prices. But if the revenue trends continue, we expect that those fluctuations will become less significant to the overall business over time. In Q3 2013, revenue for our self-serve business was $110 million or 8.5% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 32% of this revenue was parts sales, included in North American's parts and services and 68% scrap and core sales, included in Other revenue. Our gross margin for Q3 2013 was $518 million or 39.9% of revenue, a decline of 40 basis points from our gross margin percentage of 40.3% in Q3 2012. The impact from the European segment was primarily an acquisition-driven decline, whereas the North American impact was an operationally driven improvement. I had mentioned on last quarter's call that we expected Sator's impact to margins negatively both year-over-year and sequentially. We attributed 70 basis points of the year-over-year decline to Sator and a further 20 basis points to the U.K. paint business we bought part way through the quarter. As we've discussed in the past, paint has a lower gross margins. In Q4, we'll see a small additional negative impact from having those businesses the entire quarter. In the North American segment, we saw an 80-basis-point improvement in the recycled margins, as we saw some benefits of our pricing programs and a reduction of the warranty cost. You may recall that we had a negative impact in Q3 2012 from warranty. In North America, we also saw our self-service margins lower and thereby contributing 30 basis points to the lower company margin as the fall in car costs hasn't kept pace with the drop in scrap. Facility and warehouse costs were 8.3% of revenue in Q3 2013, a 20-basis-point improvement over 8.5% in Q3 last year. Our increased European operations are driving that figure lower and, in the U.K. in particular, where the infrastructure is being spread over more branch locations and a larger revenue base. Distribution costs were 8.4% in this quarter as compared to 9.2% in the same quarter last year, an improvement of 80 basis points. Sator has lower distribution costs and that acquisition drove 30 basis points of the improvement. In North America and the U.K., we saw the benefits of higher revenue leveraging these costs. We also saw lower fuel costs contributing about 10 basis points to the group [indiscernible]. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 11.9% of revenue in Q3 last year compared to 11.8% in Q3 this year, again related to Sator, as higher sales per customer and therefore lower SG&A cost. In total, facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A costs were 29.6% of revenue in Q3 2012 as compared to 28.6% of revenue in Q3 2013, an improvement of 100 basis points. I've mentioned that Sator accounts for approximately 40 to 50 basis points of that change. I mentioned on our last quarterly call that, excluding acquisitions, we appear to be getting operating leverage in these costs, at least for the last 2 quarters. Other revenue, which tends to require a limited amount of these costs, has been decreasing as a portion of our total revenue and actually fell faster this quarter compared to last, making this leverage all the more meaningful. During Q3 this year, we recorded $2.2 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, primarily related to the U.K. paint acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization was 1.6% of revenue during Q3 this year and last. Other expenses net increased to $14.4 million in the 3 months ended September 30, 2013, compared to $8.2 million in the same period last year, an increase of $6.2 million. Interest expense was $7.2 million higher due to higher debt levels combined with the higher interest rates on our senior notes. Expenses in Q3 2013 related to adjustments of contingent consideration were $700,000 as compared to $1.9 million in the same period last year. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 4.5%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.6% compared to 35.1% in Q3 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower foreign tax rates as our international business becomes a larger percentage of the company total. In Q3 2012, we had $1.3 million of favorable discrete adjustments to the taxes and, in Q3 this year, we had $2.9 million. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.24 in Q3 2013 as compared to $0.18 in Q3 2012. The combination of acquisition-related expenses and contingent purchase price adjustments impacted EPS by $0.01 for both Q3 in 2012 and 2013. On an adjusted basis, the diluted earnings per share was $0.25 this year as compared to $0.19 last year, or an improvement of 32%. Switching to our year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $341 million for the 9 months ended September 30, 2013, compared to $182 million for the 9 months of -- first 9 months of 2012. During the first 9 months of 2013, our EBITDA increased by $71 million compared to the prior year period. While we generated greater pretax income in 2013 compared to 2012, we had lower cash payments for income taxes of $28 million due to the prepayments made in 2012. Cash payments for incentive comp were $14 million lower in the 9 months ended September 2013. Other operating cash flows exceeded the prior year period, primarily due to the timing of payments of various accrued liabilities, such as value-added tax and interest. Capital spending was $61 million year-to-date, consistent with the same period last year. We've spent $396 million on acquisitions, the largest being Sator, which accounted for $273 million of the total. On the cash flow statement, you will note that we also have a $9 million investment in the unconsolidated subsidiary related to our Australian joint venture. Year-to-date, we increased our net debt by $146 million. We ended Q3 with $1.3 billion of debt and cash and cash equivalents of $107 million. As of September 30, 2013, availability under our credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facility was $1.2 billion, which, together with our cash balances, provides us with total liquidity of $1.3 billion. Then turning to guidance. As we stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transactions costs, gains, losses, contingent purchase price adjustments, capital expenditures or cash flows associated with acquisitions. At the moment, we're also assuming no material impact to the P&L from the Australian joint venture. Our revised guidance for the full year. Organic growth for parts and services is 10% to 11.5%. We increased this range from 8.5% to 10.5% to reflect the stronger Q3 we reported this morning. We left unchanged our net income and earnings per share guidance. We increased our cash flow guidance from approximately $300 million to approximately $340 million. Our year-to-date cash flow from operations was $341 million. Our inventory levels in North America are actually about $25 million lower than they were at the beginning of the year, so we may have some inventory build between now and year end. That combined with the other potential movements in working capital may affect the quarter depending on the timing of various payments. But we still anticipate being significantly ahead of our original guidance for this metric. We also reduced our expectation for capital spending from between $100 million and $115 million to a revised estimate of $85 million to $100 million. We've managed to control the replacement capital spending. At this point we think a few of our bigger development projects we've budgeted will be pushed to next year. The higher cash flow from operations and the lower capital spending combine to provide a nice bump to our free cash flow for the year. A couple of comments on how our guidance has evolved and how we're thinking about it. On the Q2 earnings call, we said that scrap prices had increased in July and we were expecting that to continue into August. Average scrap prices in Q3 were lower than in Q2, and that was a negative compared to our thinking on the last call. The prices we achieved for scrap in Q3 2013 were the lowest we've seen since Q3 2010. The drop in prices sequentially wasn't large enough to call out as having a material impact on our EPS but suffering a drop when we expected an increase was obviously still a negative to the quarter and potentially to the remainder of the full year. The movement in the Manheim Index also went contrary to what we'd been expecting. On the Q2 call, we said that the index had been falling and that it had reached 119.7 at the end of June. Unfortunately, as opposed to continuing to fall, the index has risen every month since then and it was standing at 122.8 in September. So while we've seen some relief in car buying costs year-over-year, the improvement hasn't been as great as we had expected. Having both scrap prices and the Manheim Index move against us as compared to where they were headed 90 days ago is obviously a short-term negative but it also points to the volatility of these items. If we see these materially improve that could help us get closer to the top of our guidance. And if they deteriorate further, our margins could see a little pressure in Q4. The other item we've discussed internally is the timing of Christmas this year and how the increase of our European business might impact us. Christmas falls on a Wednesday. If our customers take that whole week as a vacation we could see a drop in our revenue and cash flow from operations in December. Last year, we saw our U.K. business decline in December and we would expect to see something similar this year also in the Benelux business. I don't want to dwell on these items, as I believe they'll correct themselves over time. Meanwhile, the fundamentals that impact us look like they are continuing to improve. New car production continues to be strong and that will eventually lead to more late-model vehicle repairs and lower used car prices. Miles driven continues to be a positive this year. The acceptance of alternative parts continues to grow among our customers and the international expansion continues on pace. With the expected -- with the increases in our guidance for cash flow and the reduction of expected capital expenditures, the company continues to be a strong generator of free cash flow, which we expect to continue to deploy on accretive acquisitions. And obviously, we view raising our organic growth guidance as a strong positive. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob before we open the call to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our third quarter performance. As we approach the end of 2013, I am proud of the achievements we've made thus far. The North American market continues to grow in geography and product offerings and we are far from being fully built out. APU trends are favorable, certified parts continue to grow, vehicle procurement dynamics are improving and macro trends, such as miles driven, unemployment and gas prices are trending in our favor. These dynamics, coupled with our first-mover advantage on technological initiatives such as the CCC ONE integration have positioned our North American operations well for 2014 and beyond. Also, the unique value proposition we offer to insurance carriers and the professional automotive repair industry transfers well outside of North America and we are pleased with the initial results of expanding that message into new geographic markets beyond the U.S. and Canada. We believe that great things are not done by impulse but by a series of small things brought together. Every day, our 23,000-plus employees work together to build a better company for our customers and shareholders. And for that, I say thank you. Manny, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Nate Brochmann of William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit on the organic growth, both for North America and Europe. Obviously, throughout the year, it's been steadily kind of improving. On the North American side, do you think that, that's more of your injection of kind of broadening the different parts throughout the different -- throughout the entire network and maybe taking some share? Or is it still a little bit more just because of the APU going up and the insurance carriers' kind of adoption rates improving? And then kind of similar question over to ECP. I mean, I think that continues to exceed everyone's expectations. Is that because of injecting more inventory there as well? Or just blocking and tackling in terms of marketing and sales efforts by the team over there in terms of winning business?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Certainly in North America, Nate, it's everything you said. It's better acceptance by the insurance company. You left one important part out, is the certified parts. Certified parts are up 24.7% year-over-year. And as you know, many carriers specifically will only use certified parts. So I think it's a combination of better acceptance, certainly taking market share from the industry, as well. But certified parts are playing a role, as well. We are -- each and every month, we see better cross-selling by our reps, selling both salvage and aftermarket. So get our reps train very quickly on the dual systems. We made great strides over the years of having those systems communicate to each other. So I think it's a combination of all those factors. As far as the U.K. goes, yes, it's new product offerings. Certainly the collision parts program has helped add to that. The new store openings. It's amazing how quickly they come up to speed. Basically within 6 to 9 months, they're at breakeven. So great product training over there, new product offerings and really taking market share from the competition in that market, as well. So we're very pleased on both sides of the pond.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And with that, how are you feeling about the rollout potentially of some other product categories over there in the U.K., such as maybe recycled or getting some of the remanufactured business over there? I know that, that probably won't be as big as a percentage as we are in the U.S. just because of the land space but it does sound like there's an opportunity for that. Just wondering what you think maybe in terms of a timeline for that?
Robert L. Wagman: We are still looking at those opportunities, of course. As you know, in previous calls we mentioned that we challenged the insurance industry to adopt the aftermarket parts. As we mentioned on the call today, we've got another insurer that came over the wall. So we're down to 6 in the pilot and 2 in the full program. So we're feeling optimistic that we're obviously gaining acceptance of alternative parts. So we will continue to look at those alternatives, being salvage, reman. Obviously, we entered the paint market in August, so we've covered that leg of the stool. So we continue to look at opportunities, Nate, and as far as a timeline goes, nothing written in stone yet but certainly, as the acceptance of aftermarket gets better and better, we'll continue to look at that more and more closely.
Operator: The next question is from John Lawrence of Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you comment a little bit about -- you mentioned obviously the progress with the CCC ONE integration. Can you talk a little bit about -- have you been able to dig through some of those orders? And what do those orders look like as far as not only from line items and ticket size, but just some kind of character of what they look like?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. John, we are looking at, obviously, the estimates in the orders that we're getting. One of the things that we're very pleased with -- one of the ancillary benefits that we didn't anticipate was a lower return percentage. It seems that when shops order their own parts, they do -- we just have a better accuracy on what part ordered [indiscernible]. They're substantially lower. So that certainly has been exciting. As far as looking at line by line, we believe most of these parts orders are basically supplemental to the phone call. However, what we haven't been able to determine yet, we're going to go with more research on this. What we suspect is likely happening is that if a shop called in looking for a fender, for example, the rep would take the order and be done. If the shop needs an inner fender, for example, it's a piece of plastic behind the fender, and didn't ask for it, we probably wouldn't have sold it. So we think now that, that part is automatically showing, there's a likelihood that we are getting some additional sales. Really hard to quantify because we don't know if that person would have asked for it on the call. But we're going to do some more research on that but our initial view of this program has been very good. I mean, you can see the growth, the return rates. We do expect the rollout of all 4,000 CCC shops that have this product -- they have many more customers but 4,000 have access to this product, will be done by year end. And we're really encouraged by the growth. So we think there's opportunities there, for sure.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Too early to know what that order cost you compared to a physical order at this point?
John S. Quinn: It's about comparable at the moment.
Robert L. Wagman: It seems to be comparable at the moment. Yes.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And just another question on -- if you look at the Australian joint venture, is there any timeline in that contract joint venture as far as, at the end of 3 years, what happens? Or a first exclusive right to buy more of that? Or how is that language at this point?
Robert L. Wagman: It is open-ended. I don't suspect that there -- at 3 years, we'll be having that kind of meeting. This will be a long-term partnership. It's a great partnership and, quite frankly, I can't think of a better way to enter a market than partnering with the #1 insurance company in the country. So -- and this is going to be a long-term deal for us.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And last question, John, how much -- of all the acquisitions mentioned, what kind of run rate and revenue is that?
John S. Quinn: Sure. In Q3, the acquisitions' annualized revenue was $170 million. And so, call it $42 million, roughly, a quarter. We reported about $30 million of that in Q3. So in Q4, you should see an incremental roughly about $12 million impact from the acquisitions.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Kennison of Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: John, maybe I'll just piggyback the previous question. What is the amount of acquired revenue that is assumed in guidance?
John S. Quinn: It's the -- incremental for Q4? It's just the acquisition we've announced, which is about $12 million in Q4 incremental revenue.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Is there a total annual figure that you're able to share?
John S. Quinn: We can dig that up. I don't know if I have it right in front of me. The annualized acquired revenue in Q3 was $170 million. Is that what you're asking?
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. So the Q3 revenue contribution from acquired businesses is $170 million?
Robert L. Wagman: On an annualized basis, of which $30 million was reported in Q3.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That is helpful. Rob, maybe shifting to the Benelux region. You've had Sator for a few months now. I'm curious about what you've learned, what has surprised you and how you see that European model evolving, given you've got different distribution models in the U.K. and Continental Europe?
Robert L. Wagman: Craig, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks that we're very pleased with the synergies that we're going to achieve and we're on target to do that. As we noted, there are very little distribution synergies because, obviously, the U.K. is literally an island from the Benelux market. But I'm very pleased, really starting to learn the territory with our customer base and looking at opportunities to add new products, which we are doing. There were some products that were available in the U.K. that have now been introduced into the Benelux market. As far as the future of the rollout and the different distribution models, we continue to do our due diligence on other markets. As I mentioned on previous calls, there is a Sator, an ECP in every country that -- every European country that we are looking at. So there's small regional players, no pan-European distributor. So we will continue to look at those markets, do our due diligence. I think, in time, we will look to expand that model. We do believe different countries have different models, of course, the U.K. being 2-step and the Benelux being 3-step. We certainly see that across different European countries, the 2- and 3-step models mixed in different countries. And we will certainly look at different opportunities as those markets present themselves. But really, really just still in our due diligence phase of which markets present the best opportunities today.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then finally, I know you're about to embark on a series of meetings with your regions around the country. If you've proceeded with any of those, do you have an early impression on trends and what the outlook for 2014 might look like?
John S. Quinn: We actually haven't started those. We kick off with our U.K. trip early next year -- next month. So too early to give any feedback.
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
David Lee Kelley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: This is actually David Kelley in for Brett this morning. A couple of questions and really just first piggybacking off of the previous question on the expectations for Sator. But here going forward, I think you mentioned that business was roughly 70 basis points headwind gross margins in the quarter. And just wondering if you can provide a little bit of color on your expectations for gross margin impact and when it potentially could be accretive to aggregate gross margins? And maybe sequential expectations heading into the fourth quarter, as well?
John S. Quinn: It's John speaking, David. What we said was that the EBITDA -- I'll talk to EBITDA, our gross margins' are similar impact. Those margins are below what ECP does. Part of that's because of the 2-step versus the 3-step model. What we said at the time of the acquisition is that we think of it in 2 years, 2 to 3 years, we should be able to achieve procurement synergies that should close that gap and have the margins come up to be similar to the ECP margins. I don't know that it would be accretive but I think at least it won't be dilutive within 2 years. Those acquisition synergies seem to be on track, so I don't think we've changed our thinking on that regard.
David Lee Kelley - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. Just [indiscernible]. So no change on the timeline there. A quick question, as well, on the tax rate, 32.6% or so for the quarter. I think on the second quarter conference call, you mentioned for the full year looking at a plus or minus 35%, given a few basis points either way. Any expectations or change in expectations in the annualized tax rate given the significant growth that continues in Europe?
John S. Quinn: No. The Q2 -- excuse me, Q3 was benefited both this year and last year for some discrete items, which you record those in the period as opposed to in the blended full year rate. So we don't anticipate, for this year, being materially different from that 35%. It could be a little bit higher, a little bit lower, depending on the mix of the income and the timing of any perms that we happen to have. But I don't anticipate that. The U.K. rate is coming down. That's what drove the discrete item this quarter, primarily. So the U.K. tax rates are indeed going down, which obviously makes the European business more attractive on an after-tax basis. So as that business grows and becomes a little bit bigger portion, you will see our tax rate drift down over the next couple of years but not material at this point.
Operator: The next question is from John Lovallo of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is on operating margin expansion. Over the past couple of quarters, you guys have done a nice job generating, call it, 60 to 70 basis points of year-over-year expansion. And I think historically, that was kind of the target range that you guys had talked about. And this follows a couple of quarters, prior to the past 2, that we've seen some contraction in the margin. I guess the question is, are you feeling more comfortable, call it, the acquisitions in Europe or just better execution in North America? Are you feeling you're a little bit more confident that you could return to, call it, that 60 to 70 basis points of year-over-year expansion on an ongoing basis?
John S. Quinn: I think we've often talked about the business model and if we can grow organically, call it, 5% to 8% and then supplement that with some acquisition. We've always said it's going to be a bit lumpy but we believe that over time, we ought to be able to get operating income expansion. And I think that model has worked out precisely the way we've described it in the last couple of quarters because we have had the benefit of the acquisitions we did last year. We did 30 acquisitions last year and some fairly significant acquisitions this year. And we've been blessed with some strong organic growth. So I think that model is continuing. We believe that we're going to continue to have organic growth and acquisition activity in the coming years, so it is -- somebody asked about our focus on the budgets. That is one of the discussion points that we have with our field every budget season, and we hammer it home throughout the year, is what we refer to as operating leverage, which means getting an extra dollar of revenue and having more than that marginally following through to the bottom line in terms of the percentage that we normally see. So we still believe in that. It will be lumpy and some of it does get driven by the impact of the commodity prices. The nice thing that we're seeing right now is that commodity prices, although they're falling, we are still seeing that operating leverage come through because when that other income shrinks it puts a little bit of pressure on the operating margin. We have mentioned to overcome that the last couple of quarters, as you've noticed.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And if we think about Suncorp and just kind of the Australian market, would you say that kind of the same barriers to entry exist there? Meaning the need for permits and things of that nature?
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, John, I think it's much better. Certainly there are some permits to getting the salvage-yard operations but certainly going in with the insurer as a partner makes the sale part of it easier. I was actually in Australia last week, looking at the operation, potential operations, and I don't think it's going to be a major barrier to get the zoning permits we need. We're also looking at possibly acquisition opportunities, as well, so -- in the event that does become a barrier. But we are optimistic that we can get up and running relatively quickly. It'll take some time but certainly within a couple of quarters, we expect to be -- start selling our first products. Likely be aftermarket initially but the salvage operations will open relatively quickly, I think, considering what we have to get done in the meantime.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. I'll leave it there. I'm sorry, go ahead John?
John S. Quinn: I was just going to say, those cars are all being handled today. There is an end-of-life program for vehicles in Australia right now. So I would think that, with us bringing our professional standards, we should not have a major issue. We really are only talking about 3 major markets that we're going to hit initially.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Bill Armstrong of CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You mentioned miles driven earlier. We saw it was up in July and August. Does that help Q3 at all? Or should we see more of an impact maybe in Q4?
Robert L. Wagman: Miles driven for the year are up 0.8% -- I'm sorry, for year-over-year Q3. We do expect some of the trends we're seeing, gas prices certainly stabilized, if not down, in many markets. I anticipate miles driven to continue to be at least steady, if not slightly up, and that certainly won't hurt us, with miles driven increasing.
John S. Quinn: At this time of year, most of the accidents get repaired within probably 4 to 6 weeks. In the winter time, sometimes the drivables get extended a little bit. We saw a little bit of that probably in Q2, and got some benefit from the winter in Q3. I think most of the increase that we saw last quarter is probably flushed through the system by now. But obviously, the point, I guess, I was trying to make was that the trend, at least, has started to turn a little bit, it appears, from suffering from negative miles driven to a positive.
Robert L. Wagman: And one other thing I'd add to that, Bill, going back to Nate's question from the beginning about organic growth. One of the trends that we really like seeing is that SAR [ph] rate improving. These are going to be late-model cars fully insured. So with a SAR [ph] rate over $16 million, and I've seen estimates next year in the $17 million range, that bodes well for both the collision repair industry and our business, in that later-model cars tend to be more insured or insured in the first place. So we think long term the trends are looking better, for sure.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And in the U.K., this paint distributor that you bought in the third quarter, is that going to be folded into ECP? And will those products be included in these exclusive deals that you've announced with these insurance companies?
Robert L. Wagman: They will be -- actually, there were 5 paint deals, by the way, rolled into one. But there were 5 separate companies we did. They will be merged with ECP delivery in many cases. We anticipate 4 closures by the end of this year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, Bill, this gives us virtual U.K. coverage. We may have to open 1 or 2 or 3 branches just to fill out some geographic holes but there will be some integration with the ECP branches and delivery wherever we can. As far as offerings to the paint -- to the insurance companies as part of those deals, those tend to be separate. The U.K. has always had paint deals separately with insurance companies. However, we do plan on leveraging those relationships where we have parts relationships, we don't paint, we'll leverage that and vice versa. So insurers are very much involved in the repair process in the U.K. as compared to the United States. So that will definitely benefit us long-term, those relationships, on both sides.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question for John, on the guidance. I think you might have addressed this and I might have just missed it but your cash flow from operations guidance is up about $40 million. Your earnings guidance is unchanged. Is the difference just in changes in working capital or is there something else?
John S. Quinn: It's mainly just the timing of working capital. And I mentioned that our inventories in the North America is actually down year-over-year. We probably will have a little bit of a build later this year. I wouldn't read too much into it, Bill.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. At least it appears as though, for the acquisitions you made this quarter, you paid less on a per-sales basis than you did for the beach-head deals. Is that accurate from an EBITDA standpoint, also? And should we continue to expect that your European deals would be at lower multiples?
John S. Quinn: I think the big deal, the paint transactions, they are a lower-gross margin business, frankly. So you tend to do, when you look at the economics and all of the cash flows -- we're paying on the cash flows as opposed to the revenue multiple. So I think it's safe to say that it's within our normal parameters in terms of the acquisition deals but you're probably right. There probably is a little bit more revenue per dollar of acquisition cost because the EBITDA is less, the percentage of EBITDA.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Shouldn't we see multiples of subsequent acquisitions come down though, as the need for a beach head is diminished and they become more plug-and-play?
John S. Quinn: Obviously, we always pay as little as we can but it's going to depend on the asset. If we were to enter the salvage market, that would be a new market for us. We tend to try to buy the best companies that we can whenever we enter our market. So whether it's into a new geographic on the continent or whether it's a new product line within the U.K. or the Benelux area, we're going to look for the best companies. We're going to pay based on the cash flows and it's going to be based on the competitive situation, as well.
Robert L. Wagman: But I do think it's a fair statement, Sam, that the first guy in the box does tend to get a little bit higher multiple, generally speaking. I can assure you that the second deal we announced in the Benelux did not transpire at the same multiple of the first one. So I think it's a fair statement.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Two more quick questions, if I could. First off, are you seeing the tipping point either occur or imminent -- is imminent to occur where the U.K. insurance premiums are getting cut by those carriers that are participating in your programs?
Robert L. Wagman: We have not seen that yet. However, there's still an ongoing investigation by the Office of Fair Trade over in the U.K., looking into premiums. So I think everything's on hold until they get done with their investigation. But we certainly expect that to be the ultimate result at some point.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And last question. It was interesting, you said that your vehicle costs at auction have not reflected what Manheim is suggesting. What's typically, Rob, in your experience, the lag? And might this be a potential upside, if you're not seeing it? And to Q4, where you might not see the uptick in auction vehicle prices?
Robert L. Wagman: It's interesting, Sam, we've actually seen Manheim tick up and our costs have ticked down a little bit. So we actually are seeing opposite in a good way. So we do expect that Manheim to tip at some point. And just my talk with various industry players, in particular CCC, who we talk to constantly, who watches the Manheim Index very closely, they were actually a little surprised that it hasn't started to come down. But they are expecting that to start ticking down as these used cars start to hit the marketplace. So we do expect some relief. We said on a previous call, Sam, we saw that correlation on the way up, where Manheim got higher, we were paying more. We're actually pretty pleased with Manheim ticking slightly up last quarter, yet our prices did drop nicely. So we do expect good things coming when that drops.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: As I understood it, John, though your guidance for Q4 at least, assumes that Manheim will provide pressure on vehicle prices, though?
John S. Quinn: We're assuming it'll stay at the status quo. I guess the point I was trying to make, Sam, was that in Q2 we saw the Manheim coming down, so it turned around and started going back up. We didn't see as much benefit as we anticipated. As Rob said, we did get a little bit of benefit and I think that was reflected in the North American gross margins, a little bit. But right now we're not forecasting Manheim to go up or down particularly.
Robert L. Wagman: And to further complicate the matter, Sam, we saw a reduction in scrap prices. So we know some of that decrease in cost was related to scrap, not necessarily Manheim going one way or the other. So we're not sure where scrap's going. I can tell you scrap in October was actually slightly down compared to Q3. I'm not sure where it's going in November, December, but we've seen a little bit more pressure in the scrap market. So that's still up in the air, too. But that's certainly causing some relief at the auctions, in spite of where Manheim is going.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Stember of Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Rob, could you talk about, in the U.S., any appreciable difference between what you're seeing on the recycled side versus the aftermarket?
Robert L. Wagman: No. Actually, when we look at the AP usages, they're both getting small gains, or minor variations on both sides. But the salvage markets remain strong. We track the number of cars at auctions. They've been very steady. Aftermarket continues to put certified parts in, as I said, and continue to open up new products to us in terms of when new models come out. I think they're both really steadily just moving along.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And back to the comment you made about certified parts being up in the high-20% range, I guess, through the first 3 quarters of the year. Are you referring to NSF program and other, like, capital programs, as well?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. I remember in all 3, we have our own quality assurance program. That is up, cap is up and NSF is up. And combined, they were up 24.7%, Scott.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, got you. All right, and just last question. I know you have a lot to bite on with -- in the U.K. and the collision side. But can you just remind us again the eventual opportunity over in Western Europe to grow that piece of the business and a timeline on your expectations?
Robert L. Wagman: The total carpark is roughly 250 million cars as compared to the U.S. of 245 million. We had our Vice President of Insurance Relations head over to the Benelux market to start initial discussions on the continent with insurers. We're very pleased with at least the initial discussions. And again, one thing we've always liked, Scott, is that the insurers in the U.K. are also the insurers on the continent, many times, many cases. So there's some overlap. So we're convinced, if we can pull this off in the U.K., and again, 80% growth year-over-year. We're very pleased getting that second insurance company into a program has been very good. And certainly we expect to bring this onto the continent in time. As far as a timeline goes, I've instructed our teams over there that let's continue to work on the synergies we have. But I expect to have our insurance team back over there probably spring or summer at the latest to start looking at more substantive programs on the continent.
John S. Quinn: Manny, we probably only have time for one more quick call. I want to be respectful of everyone's time.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Prestopino of Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: I'll be brief because of my questions have been answered. But Rob, you called out 4,000 shops by rollout with this intelligent system from CCC. Is that a maximum because these are the better shops that CCC deals with? Or is that just a goal by the end of, say, 2014?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Gary, those are the shops that have access to this particular product of CCC. They have many, many, many more customers that currently just haven't stepped up to this package. They certainly could grow if CCC is successful in selling that product. They have, I would imagine, 20,000-plus customers -- 25,000-plus body shop customers across the U.S. So they can continue to sell this product and get more into it. So the 4,000 are the ones that have access to it today and they will have access by the end of this year.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then lastly, you had called out, about 1 year or so ago or 2 years ago, you had done some kind of integration with Mitchell. Is that kind of the same thing that you've done with CCC and you don't really call that out in the conference calls? Or is that something entirely different?
Robert L. Wagman: Very similar, but the difference is that the CCC is interactive within the estimate. And I think honestly, that's why it's been so much more successful than the Mitchell. Mitchell's plan is to integrate that in time. They just haven't gotten that done yet. One last thing on the CCC product that is going to launch in Q4. It's a salvage interaction. Right now, our current program with CCC is basically just the aftermarket. We do plan on getting the salvage part launched by the end of Q4.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Wagman for any additional remarks.
Robert L. Wagman: Okay, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for the time this morning and we look forward to speaking to you in the new year when we report our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Have a great holiday season, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ. Thank you, Mr. Boutross. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Great. Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2013 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are currently not known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share of $0.25 for the second quarter ended June 30, 2013 increased 19% from $0.21 for the second quarter of 2012. As noted in the press release, the second quarter of 2013 and 2012 diluted earnings per share included losses totaling $0.01 per share, resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, a change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, and in 2013 only, a loss of debt extinguishment. Earnings per share in the second quarter of 2012 also included a gain equal to $0.02 per share that resulted from a favorable legal settlement. Adjusting for these items in the quarter, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.26, which represents growth of 30% over the prior year quarter. I am also pleased with this growth, considering the decline in scrap prices we witnessed in the quarter impacted EPS by roughly $0.01. Revenue for the quarter was a record $1.25 billion, an increase of 24.4% as compared to $1.01 billion in the second quarter of 2012. Net income for the second quarter of 2013 was $76 million, an increase of 18.3% as compared to $64 million for the same period of 2012. During the second quarter of 2013, the company delivered strong organic revenue growth for parts and services of 13.1%. I am particularly pleased with our North American organic revenue growth for parts and services, which increased 7.3%. The solid growth in North American organic parts and service revenue for the quarter is primarily a result of a combination of increased use of alternative parts by insurers and the direct repair program networks to reduce claims costs, year-over-year increase in accident frequency related to a more normalized weather patterns, the continued expansion of our regional footprint and the depth of our product offerings. During the second quarter, we purchased approximately 71,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 6% increase over Q2 2012. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains strong and the pricing dynamics we are witnessing are attractive, with Q2 vehicle pricing down over 3% year-over-year. With inventory already on hand and the continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. In our heavy duty truck operations, during second quarter, we purchased approximately 2,000 units for parts as compared to nearly 1,700 in Q2 2012 or an increase of 18%. In our self-service retail business, during the second quarter, we acquired over 135,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars as compared to over 107,000 in Q2 of 2012 or a 26% increase. Turning to Euro Car Parts and our European operations. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to capture market share. In Q2, ECP achieved organic revenue growth of 37.8%. And for branches open more than 12 months, the organic growth was 25%. Please note that ECP had 2 extra selling days in the quarter year-over-year. As mentioned on prior calls, we have approved 15 additional ECP branches to be open in 2013, and we are currently on track to hit that target. Of those 15, 1 is scheduled to open in August, 5 is scheduled to open in -- by the end of September, with the remaining 9 scheduled to open in the fourth quarter. Now turning to ECP's collisions program. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong double-digit year-over-year growth of over 80%, with collision parts sales at ECP. Though off of a small base, collision sales are an ever-increasing portion of ECP's overall revenue mix. The carrier relationships we've established continue to gain traction. And today, I'm happy to report that ECP has reached an agreement with a leading insurer to act as the sole supplier to their entire body shop network in Northern Ireland. In addition to this Northern Ireland win, we have also reached an exclusive agreement in principle to supply collision parts to the own network of one of the largest insurance companies in the U.K., and we hope to have this agreement formalized by the end of the year. On May 1, 2013, the company announced that it finalized its acquisition of Sator Beheer. Sator is a market-leading distributor of automotive aftermarket parts in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and Northern France. We continue to believe that Sator represents a good first step for establishing a beachhead for LKQ intercontinental Europe. Though still early in the process, I am pleased with the initial results we are witnessing of the purchasing synergies between Sator and ECP. The savings are progressing in line with achieving the previously announced timing and financial metrics of those synergies. Lastly on operation, I want to update everyone on the progress of our intelligent parts solution initiative with CCC Information Services and the parts procurement enhancement we began testing early in the quarter with 20 shops. Today, I am happy to report that this enhancement is being fully integrated into CCC ONE's total repair platform and is now available to approximately 600 users of the CCC ONE control optimized and innovate product packages. In total, this user base represents over 4,000 shops. We anticipate the parts procurement enhancement to be fully available and integrated into all 4,000 of these shops by the end of 2013. With the program, shops can view our aftermarket and salvage products in real time. At this time, they can use the program to electronically order aftermarket parts, and we expect electronic ordering of recycled products by Q4. The early pilot results have validated that many in the industry are ready for a more efficient process to locate and purchase the parts necessary to complete quality and timely repairs. Together with CCC, we are the first and currently the only supplier position to take advantage of this opportunity. Moving on to acquisitions. In addition to Sator, during Q2, we acquired 6 additional companies, an aftermarket radiator distributor with locations in Ohio, California and Florida; another aftermarket radiator distributor with locations in South Carolina and Florida; a distributor of automotive cooling products and radiators in Georgia; a self-service salvage yard in Illinois; a wholesale salvage yard in Ontario, Canada; and finally, a wholesale salvage business with locations in West Virginia and Pennsylvania. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more details on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. As this is our first quarterly call with our new bond investors participating, I'd like to welcome them to the call. We appreciate your support, along with our equity and banking partners. I will make a brief mention of the financing transactions we completed during the quarter. But since we had a conference call devoted to those transactions in the Sator acquisition, I'll limit my comments in that area, unless someone has specific questions later. Hopefully, everyone's had a chance to review our press release this morning. We expect to file our Form 10-Q with the SEC in the next few days, so please watch for that as well. Beginning with revenue, our Q2 2013 revenue of $1,252,000,000 was an increase of $245 million compared to Q2 last year or an increase of 24%. This is a bit of a milestone, as it's the first time our quarterly revenue annualized to more than $5 billion. Our total organic growth of 10.8% was supplemented by 14.1% acquisition growth, and we had about a 0.5% negative impact from foreign currency. Parts and services revenue grew organically 13.1%. And within that category, as Rob mentioned, our European operations continued to performed strongly with 37.8% organic growth. The North American parts and services organic growth was a strong 7.3%. We saw other revenue increase by $23 million, a 17% increase. We record scrap and core revenue in other revenue. Acquisitions increased other revenue by $28 million. Our organic growth in this line was $5 million negative. The main driver of the negative growth was similar to last quarter as our volume increases in our recycling and self-serve operations were largely offset by lower commodity prices and the discontinuance of operations at one of our aluminum furnaces. Other revenue remains an important component to the company because of its absolute size and its contribution to the profitability of our recycled and self-service businesses. However, it's worth noting that as a percentage of our total revenue, it's been trending downwards as commodity prices have fallen and we have been growing faster in lines of businesses that do not have a significant scrap and core component. By way of example, other revenue was 17.6% of our revenue in Q2 2011. It was 13.4% in Q2 2012, and it was down to 12.6% of revenue in Q2 2013. We'll continue to experience short-term impacts from fluctuating commodity prices. But if revenue trends continue, we expect those fluctuations will become less significant to the overall business over time. In Q2 2013, revenue from our self-serve business was $110 million or 8.8% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 33% of this revenue was parts sales included in North American parts and services and 67% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin for Q2 2013 was $510 million or 40.7% of revenue, a decline of 120 basis points or a gross margin percentage of 41.9% in Q2 2012. The previously discussed gain on legal settlements in Q2 last year accounts for 80 basis points of the decline. The precious metals business we acquired partway into Q2 2012 accounted for a further 20 basis points of the decline. And I had mentioned on a prior call, we anticipated Sator to impact margin negatively, and that was the case. We attribute 50 basis points of the year-over-year decline to Sator. Recall that we only owned Sator for 2 months in Q2, so that impact will be slightly more pronounced in Q3 this year. We do anticipate that over the next 7 quarters, we'll see some improvement in Sator's gross margin as we continue to achieve our anticipated synergies. The 3 items I just mentioned equate to a total decline in gross margin of 150 basis points. Those items were slightly offset by improvements we saw in the North American base business. The most noticeable of those changes was an improvement in the salvage /recycling business as a result of lower car costs. Facility and warehouse costs were flat at 8.2% of revenue in Q2 2013 and the same quarter last year. North American operations were approximately 30 basis points higher due to the acquisition of 8 self-serve operations completed in 2012, which incurred greater facility cost as a percentage of revenue compared to our wholesale operations. This increase was offset by the expanding size of our European operations which tend to have lower warehouse costs. Distribution costs were 8.5% this quarter, compared to 9.1% in the same quarter last year, a decrease of 60 basis points. Sator had lower distribution costs, and that acquisition drove 20 basis points to the improvement. We continue to see some leverage in the U.K. operations as we benefit from the distribution network in spread over a long [indiscernible] footprint. In North America, we saw a reduction of these costs of approximately 20 basis points, mainly driven by lower fuel costs. Selling and G&A expenses decreased from 12.1% of revenue in Q2 last year to 11.7% in Q2 this year. Half of this decline was due to Sator, which has a higher sales per customer and, therefore, lower selling expense. The balance is primarily due to a reduction in personnel expenditures as a percentage of revenue as we lever our selling, general and administration workforce across the higher revenue base. In total, facility and warehouse distribution, selling and general and administrative costs were 29.4% of revenue in Q2 2012 as compared to 28.4% of revenue in Q2 2013, an improvement of 100 basis points. I mentioned that Sator accounts for approximately 40 basis points of that change. So excluding that acquisition, it could be getting some true operating leverage in these costs in the rest of the business. It leverages particularly apparent when one considers that other revenue tends to require limited amounts of these costs, has been decreasing as a total portion of our revenue. During Q2, year-over-year we recorded $3.7 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, mainly incurred by the [ph] Sator acquisition. In the same quarter of 2012, we incurred $2.2 million of expenses, half of which was restructuring of our bumper refurbishing business and the balance related to earlier acquisitions. Depreciation and amortization is 1.5% of revenue during Q2 this year and last. Other expenses net increased to $14.9 million in the 3 months ended June 30, 2013 as compared to $7.4 million in the same period last year, an increase of $7.5 million. Interest expense was $5.1 million higher due to higher debt levels combined with higher interest rates on our senior notes. In addition, and in Q2 this year, we had losses of $2.8 million related to the write-off of fees in the prior credit facility and a small portion of the costs incurred in conjunction with this quarter's finances. Expenses in Q2 2013 related to adjustments and contingent continuation were $200,000, compared to $1.2 million last year in the same period. Our effective borrowing rate for the quarter was 3.82%, excluding the write-off of debt issuance costs. Our effective interest rate will be marginally higher next year as the quarter will include the full effect of the refinancing. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 35%, compared to 36.8% in Q2 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower foreign tax rates as our international business becomes a larger percentage of the total company. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.25 in Q2 2013, compared to $0.21 in Q2 2012. And last year, we had $0.2 favorable impact from the legal settlement. The combination of acquisition-related expenses and continued purchase price adjustments and the loss on debt extinguishment this year impacted earnings per share by $0.01 in Q2 in both 2012 and 2013. So on an adjusted basis, the diluted earnings per share was $0.26 this year as compared to $0.20 last year, or an improvement of 30%. Switching to our year-to-date numbers for our cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $210 million for the 6 months ended June 30, 2013, compared to $121 million for the first 6 months of 2012. During the first half of 2013, our EBITDA increased by $34 million compared to the prior year period. While we generated a greater pre-tax income during the first half of 2013 compared to the first half of 2012, we reduced our cash payments for income taxes to $54 million for the 6 months ended June 30, 2013, from $71 million in the prior year. Cash payments for incentive compensation were $14 million lower during the 6 months ended June 30, 2013. Cash outflows for primarily working capital and CapEx totaled $42 million in the first 6 months of this year as compared to $50 million in the same period 2012. Other operating cash flows exceeded the prior year, primarily due to the timing of payments of various accrued liabilities, such as value-added tax and interest. Capital spending was $40 million year-to-date compared to $42 million through 6 months last year. We have spent $309 million on our acquisitions, the largest being Sator, which accounted for $273 million of the total. Year-to-date, we increased our net debt by $156 million. We ended Q2 with $1.4 billion of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $162 million. As of June 30, 2013, availability under our credit facility was $1.1 billion which, together with our cash balances, provides us with adequate liquidity at this time. Then turning to guidance. As we've stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transactions costs, gains losses, continued purchase price adjustments, capital expenditures or cash flows associated with acquisitions. The revised guidance for organic revenue growth for parts and services is 8.5% to 10.5%. We increased this range from 6.5% to 8.5% to reflect the stronger Q2 we reported this morning. We increased our net income guidance range of $313 million to $333 million. Earnings per share has been increased from the previous levels of $1 to $1.09 to revise guidance of $1.03 to $1.10, and we left the balance with the guidance unchanged. I'll provide some color on some of the things that would impact guidance for the rest of the year, and then we should have time for some questions. So the growth of our international operations, we are seeing a greater impact from exchange rates for a number of reasons. A weaker Sterling in Europe could negatively impact our earnings but, obviously, a gain there would help us. We saw, in the U.S., a sequential tick up -- uptick, excuse me, in miles driven in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date figure flat. It doesn't infer that people are materially increasing their driving, although if the economy improves, we would expect that to increase. Scrap is volatile during the quarter, and we believe it had minimal impact year-over-year. Rob mentioned that we estimated the petroleum scrap prices impacted by $0.01 this year. I would remind listeners that we had a similar impact from scrap in Q2 2012. We saw a slight increase in July in steel -- scrap steel prices, and we're expecting that to carry into August. The Manheim Index was at 119.7 at the end of June as compared to 123.4 a year earlier. While we're buying different vehicles in those referenced by the Manheim, our car costs tend to be somewhat correlated to that index. I mentioned, though, in the Q1 call that we've seen an improvement in our car volume and that has continued into Q2. Commodity value decreases are probably still accounting for much of that year-over-year reduction in our car costs. Notwithstanding, we did see a slight improvement in our domestic margin as a result of improved car costs. If the trends and cost continues with stable commodity prices, we may see additional improvement in North American margins. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rob.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our second quarter performance. As we enter the back half of 2013, I am optimistic about the year. I am encouraged by the current tailwinds of lower fuel prices, the increase in miles driven, continued APU growth, the recent reduction in vehicle pricing we are witnessing and the breadth of development opportunities that exist in our key market segments. I am equally proud of how our group of over 23,000 valuable employees attacked the headwinds we faced in 2012, which subsequently positioned us well to capture and achieve the success we witnessed in the first half of 2013. We believe our unique competitive position both in North America and Europe continues to translate into consistent earnings growth for our shareholders, which has allowed us to increase our organic growth, net income and diluted EPS guidance for 2013. Kevin, we are now prepared to open the call for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Bret Jordan from BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of quick questions here. A lot of them is as we look at the impact from the precious metals recovery business, that seems to be getting better. I think we were running sort of a 50 basis point impact and it's now 20. Could you maybe give us a little color on the trajectory of that? And is that something that's sort of a diminishing impact going forward? And then I'll hit you with a second question to follow up.
John S. Quinn: Sure, Bret. It's John. I think we acquired that business partway through the year last year. So really, some of that step-down is just because it's only a partial quarter impact. And so that is basically built into our numbers, and we've anniversaried it. So I don't anticipate being the call [indiscernible] in the future quarters. We are still implementing the strategy there, which is to process more of our catalytic converters through that facility. We've implemented some cutting operations, particularly on the East Coast. So we're starting to gain a little bit of traction there. But I think the full rollout is probably in another year.
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct. Bret, this is Rob. We plan on eventually bringing all of our own catalytic converters into that process. And as John mentioned, that will happen over the next couple quarters.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a question on the CCC. John, just the -- I mean, is that a margin impact in addition to a volume impact? Is there anything that changes there as you go to electronic or reformat, either lower overhead on your side of the business from an order input standpoint? Or is any -- is there any impact you have with the obvious volume improvement?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Short term, no margin impact. But potentially long term, if this thing takes off, Bret., and the shops do most of the ordering themselves, we may be able to leverage that with a reduction in overhead costs. But short term, it's really just making it easy for the shops to do business with us.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves for Rod Lache. I just wanted to ask for maybe a little more color on the agreements you've signed or are intending to sign in U.K. with insurance carriers. You said they were exclusive agreements. So I guess, the first question is, so you'd be the only supplier of alternative parts to these body shop networks? And the second question is how aggressive are these particular insurance carriers planning to be in terms of driving alternative parts usage within their network? And how would they do that?
Robert L. Wagman: Your first question, yes, this is exclusive. Right now, we believe the usage in the U.K. is circa 3% to 7% depending on who you talk to, but it's a great opportunity here. We will be -- as I said, we will be the exclusive supplier on both of these contracts. The Northern Ireland market, we previously reported the entire U.K. market is about a $3 billion opportunity. Northern Ireland is over $100 million opportunity, and so we just started that. That dealership's recently signed. So we do expect some good potential work on that. But it's also important to watch that these carriers that we are talking with also do write on the continent. So we do plan on leveraging that in time with our Sator acquisition.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And how do they intend to drive the alternative parts usage in their body shops? Are they going to be auditing them? Or what's the plan there?
Robert L. Wagman: They actually own these body shops, so they will be doing auditing and controlling their process completely. So they will be very much definitely involved with that process with us.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on, I'm interested in how quickly you think that this could move. Maybe you could give us some color on the process of, over time, like how quickly can your suppliers in Asia develop the aftermarket parts for the cars that are sold in the U.K. Is there commonality between the parts in the U.S. and the U.K.? And I guess, just what's the process of going about expanding the offering of aftermarket parts in Europe?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Dan. There is very little overlap between the U.S. and the U.K. in the continent. So this is a separate group of cars that the -- our Taiwan vendors and Chinese vendors will work with us to develop the products. There is no sign that they will not support us completely. Just to give you some kind of idea in the U.S., we had -- just in our certified programs, the year-over-year increase in certified parts was 22.17%. So they've been very supportive of our needs to keep growing certified products here in the States, as well as in Europe. It's particularly the U.K. right now. So no issues there at all, very responsive to our needs.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just one housekeeping just cognizant of the FX changes you're experiencing, John, how does that convert to EBITDA? What percentage of that convert kind of on a similar basis to your European EBITDA margin?
John S. Quinn: Well, we disclosed the segment EBITDA for Europe. It's a little bit complicated in so much as some of their product that they buy is -- for example, in the U.K., they buy some products in U.S. dollars and they buy some product in euro as well as sterling. So it's a little bit complicated, but essentially, it's the EBITDA of the European operations, that is vulnerable.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on the tax rate and then some follow-ups. What tax rate should we use for modeling for the back half of the year? And what are you looking for, for a full-year tax rate, John?
John S. Quinn: 35 plus or minus a little bit, depending on -- because sometimes, there are some discrete items. And obviously, it's going to depend on how quickly the European operations grow relative to the U.S. one.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the new agreement that you have in Northern Ireland and the one you're working with, I guess, that's in U.K. I mean, is that strictly just aftermarket on the alternative parts? Or are there recycled parts included in that agreement?
Robert L. Wagman: Strictly aftermarket at this time, Gary.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: But the goal would be to also...
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. We continue to evaluate the prospects of entering the salvage market. We have challenged the insurance companies there to adopt our aftermarket parts first programs, and we're starting to see that effect. So we're still looking at the salvage opportunity as we speak.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, with the CCC intelligent parts solution, you said there -- it's going to roll out to 4,000 shops. Is that their best high-end shops? Because I would assume CCC has a heck of a lot more shops under their estimating system than 4,000.
Robert L. Wagman: They definitely do. They have about 60% market share of the body shop business. But yes, they are targeting certain shops for this program, and they do tend to be their better shops.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the collision opportunity in Europe. Could you give us a sense for how broad your portfolio of SKUs is today relative to what you think it can be once you get your partners lined up?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Right now, we were carrying about 13,000 different SKUs in the marketplace, Craig. We're continually growing that, actually, as new products come on the market. We are replicating them in Taiwan and bringing them over to our warehouses in the U.K. We believe there's certainly substantial more growth to be done there, and we will continue to work in that respect.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And is every ECP store now turned on for collision parts? And are they all performing equally? Are you able to run some experiments to see whether some opportunities there may be better than others?
Robert L. Wagman: All the parts are stored in the national distribution center, pretty much in the central part of the U.K. So every one of the branches has access. Every one of the branches has a trained specialist in [ph] collision parts now, and I think that's why we're seeing this 80% year-over-year growth. More SKUs coming in every quarter, and just better penetration in the marketplace. We do have a way of measuring it, and we do benchmark them against their sister branches, and we do obviously push them to reach certain goals.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And with respect to the CCC opportunity, is there an opportunity for LKQ to invest dollars and training to accelerate adoption of that at all?
Robert L. Wagman: There certainly are. We are -- our Vice President of Insurance Operations meets with CCC regularly. We are actually going out into the marketplace with them to do joint training, so we are very involved in that process, and we have actually committed resources. substantial resources, to this program.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And lastly on gross margin, John, it fell a little bit year-over-year. I'm guessing that's largely mix and a little bit of the scrap issue. But what do you think the sustainable margin rate would be at the gross level?
John S. Quinn: Craig, I think we've talked in the past that our view is excluding the seasonality that unless something changes, things tend to stay the way they are in the short term. And we probably did get a little bit negative impact in Q2 because of falling scrap prices. We did see a little bit of benefit coming through in the car costs on the domestic side. As I had mentioned, the demand obviously went down. Rob mentioned we're buying a little bit better year-over-year, so we are starting to see that theory, if you will, evidence of it coming through in the financials. Then we do have a downtick coming with Sator in the short run because they'll be fully [indiscernible] for a full month next quarter -- full quarter -- next quarter. And we only had them for 2 months. So I would expect it to see a little sequential decline as a result of having them onboard to the full quarter. MST will, as I mentioned earlier, just anniversaried now, so I don't anticipate any impact from that. And you get a little bit sequential impact at having the absence of a decline in the scrap prices. It'll help us a little bit in the next quarter.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Scott Stember from Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just going back to the collision accounts that you have signed or the exclusives that you talked about in the U.K. and up in Northern Ireland. Were these 2 accounts at one time as part of your pilot program? And can you just tell us where the pilot program stands as far as the number of people in it?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. They were both in the pilot program, Scott. So at the time, we had 8 pilots going on. These 2 will make -- go to full program status. So there are remaining 6 in pilot status. As we said on previous calls, we hope that once we started getting people over the wall, this will be a domino effect. So we'll see how that works out in the future, but full 6 left in pilot.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And just maybe going back over to the continent with the torque. Could you talk about how the initial reaction has been with insurers on the continent? And just -- it sounds as if we could see a little bit quicker adoption over there since some of these carriers are already represented in the U.K.?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We've specifically, obviously, been trying to focus on the synergies and getting the cultures in line, but our Vice President of Operation -- excuse me, Vice President of Insurance Work -- is plainly going over this quarter to start initial conversations with those insurance companies. As I mentioned with the 2 that we have signed, 1 signed and 1 soon to be signed, they do write on the continent. So we do plan on obviously picking -- piggybacking those relationships, but we'll be sending a team over there this coming quarter.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And just last -- just an obligatory question on State Farm. Could you just talk about anything that you've heard recently that would -- basically be off of what we've expected so far for 2013?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. They're still moving forward. We talked about in earlier calls about a program that we're doing with OE parts. We still think that's a good sign that they are looking for alternatives. But unfortunately, nothing new to report on the aftermarket side.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Nate Brockmann from William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted -- just a bunch of little questions and a lot of the other topics that have been kind of bantered about. But in terms of the exclusive arrangements in Europe or up in the U.K. and Ireland, could you talk in terms of a little bit just the functionality of that market in terms of what percentage, if you have a rough number, of all the body shops over there are insurance company-owned?
Robert L. Wagman: It's pretty small, Nate. But they do push a lot of their volumes through those own networks. In Northern Ireland, this particular insurance company owns 16 repair shops, and they will push the majority of their business through that -- those shops whenever possible.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So even -- so in terms of the insurance work like -- that, that particular carrier does up in that region, even though they don't push probably 100% through their own shops, they still can influence beyond that obviously, right?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. They will have their estimators -- they call them engineers over there. They will have their engineers use these products, so they -- we've been approved now.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So while that might not be exclusive to those noninsurance carrier-owned shops, there's still, obviously, a good opportunity to push more through there?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the CCC deal, I totally understand why that might not impact margins up front. But over time, do you think that, that could help part of the pricing initiative in terms of there being a little bit more static pricing, discounts being absolutely set? And if so, could you talk about how that might work on the recycled side, given the fact that there's a little bit more pushiness in terms of set pricing, given hours at work and whatnot?
John S. Quinn: I don't think we're anticipating any major impact on pricing at this time. I think Rob mentioned that, over time, it may allow us to lever some of the selling costs because people -- you may end up needing -- we're still paying the commission through our sales reps. But over time, you may need fewer sales reps to do -- making them just to be problem solvers as opposed to handling the plain vanilla transaction that's going electronically. So over time, you may see some impact on that. We don't -- we're not anticipating any real change in pricing at this juncture.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then in terms of coming back to North America, obviously, really nice to see the acceleration there. And I know a part of that was just helped by buying more cars and part of that was a little more normal weather patterns. But obviously, you guys continue to do a good job pushing out broader product availability. It sounds like you guys did some stuff on the radiators side. Could you talk about, like kind of just in terms of the full portfolio, whether it's radiators or getting more into transmissions, how much further you think there is to go still on handling the geographical build-out but also just broader product availability?
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, I think there's plenty of opportunity left, what we call ancillary product lines that touch our business and touch the body shop and mechanical repair. You mentioned transmissions. Absolutely. We manage transmissions as an opportunity. We still are the #2 provider of paint materials in the U.S., so we think there's a great opportunity there. You mentioned cooling. Heavy-duty truck cooling is another line that we -- we're going to look at some more. So there are plenty of businesses that touch the segment that we still have opportunities in for sure.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from John Lovallo from Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is on the strong growth in North America, on the organic side. Was part of that attributable to just the very hot summer we've had? I mean, are you guys seeing increased demand for some of the mechanical parts that may have come under pressure because of the heat?
Robert L. Wagman: Certainly, [indiscernible], John. Obviously, any extreme weather would tend to do well for us. Obviously, snow makes it good for us, but extreme heat will cause a lot of engine failure over time, so really hard to gauge, specifically if it's tied to heat or it's tied to the fact that these -- there's an older model of your car in the United States. The average model of your car is well over 11 years now, so that may have some impact on it, too. But certainly, extreme weather conditions are never a bad thing for our business.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And then in terms of the outlook, you guys brought the revenue and net income outlook up. You kept the cash flow unchanged. Is there any reasoning for that? I mean, is there any working capital headwinds that you're expecting in addition to what you were thinking about before?
John S. Quinn: Just perhaps in -- a little bit more inventory build in the back half of the year, we had some lower tax payments earlier in the year, and those come out for the balance of the year. And it's mainly just working capital swings, nothing -- which I wouldn't take anything out away from that.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then final question is on the 6 acquisitions outside of Sator. Do you have a trailing 12-month revenue number for us?
John S. Quinn: We do. In the quarter, the total acquisitions revenue trailing was about $400 million, and just [indiscernible] modeling a little bit, so that will be about $100 million a quarter. Within the Q2, we reported $72 million of that $100 million. So in Q3, we'd expect the carryover impact from Q2 acquisitions to be about an incremental $28 million in Q3.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I want to drill down a little bit on the big organic growth in the U.K., 37.8%. Did I hear you say earlier that 25% of that was same store?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, that's correct.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And there were 2 extra business days?
Robert L. Wagman: 2 extra selling days in the quarter, yes.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if we adjust for that, what would the same-store sales have been?
Robert L. Wagman: We're doing the math now, roughly 20%.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that -- so even if you make those adjustments, you still had a really strong quarter. I mean, is that -- from the supply range [indiscernible] was talking about? Or were there other things going on that helped that number?
John S. Quinn: It's a combination of the things, Bill. One is that you do get -- it takes about 3 years for the new location to build up. So some of this is what you're seeing in locations that they open prior to our acquisition and then the aggressive opening program that we instituted once we opened them. You're also seeing an impact a little bit of some of the new product lines that we've added in terms of for collision [ph] , for example, it's just growing faster. And it's still very small, but it's growing faster than the business as a whole.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my other question regarded interest expense. That $12.5 million, was there any -- were there any nonrecurring items within that $12.5 million?
John S. Quinn: No. Against modeling, keep in mind, we only had that facility in place and ventured for 2 months. So you should anticipate the interest expense for the -- the bond in particular for an extra month, it's probably going to increase. The interest in Q3, my guess, we estimate somewhere between $2 million and $3 million.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So maybe about a $15 million quarterly run rate for modeling?
John S. Quinn: That's in line with what we're thinking. It's obviously barring any major acquisition there.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right, right, based on what we've got right now.
John S. Quinn: Exactly.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Lawrence from Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, Rob, would you comment just a little bit on North America a little bit and put it in the context of fuel rates? When you talk about depth of coverage and regional, what did the -- I guess, the pilot tell you about fuel rates on an electronic basis going forward.
Robert L. Wagman: Fuel rates remain strong, John. Salvage is in the mid 70s. Aftermarket is in the mid-90s, and just maintaining very good. As far as the connection to the CCC pilot, I think what you're referring to is live real-time inventory. So these shops are seeing the inventory. It's updated constantly, so they can get a real accurate picture of the inventory. It's 24/7 as well. So if they happen to be open on Saturdays or Sundays or late at night because of a hailstorm perhaps, they can see the inventories. So it really, certainly, has helped to make them more comfortable. [ph]
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It's a major change. Yes.
Robert L. Wagman: And as you know, we have regional distribution. So we certainly -- they're seeing all that inventory in that entire region within 24 hours. So it's very live, and it is -- aftermarket is really providing that opportunity for us today.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So we can certainly move that rate up a little bit over time?
Robert L. Wagman: Which rate? The fuel rate?
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: The fuel rates, yes, overall.
Robert L. Wagman: I think they'll remain pretty steady with the inventory we have in place now.
John S. Quinn: We measure fill rate by -- if the customer calls, do we -- are we able to get them the product within 24 hours? So this is not necessarily going to change that percentage. So I think what -- some of the benefits you see is that the customer saves time making it easier for them because they're ordering it, and not going through one of our people is maybe one less area for error, so we anticipate a little bit of an improvement in sort of our return rates, for example. So we may see some efficiencies overall. But the pilot was also good from our perspective, and we're very happy to get all of this done.
Robert L. Wagman: It is possible that shops may realize some overhead savings, too, because they may be able to have the estimator also do the ordering as well at the same time. So there may be some benefits for them on top of the fact that they're more efficient.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Right. And the second question is, if you look at the overall distribution network both in the U.K. and the continent, how does all that flow together? And what's the plans, aside from Wembley and some of those other facilities and leverage points going forward?
John S. Quinn: Yes, we're going to continue to build it. In fact, when we talked earlier about additional branch openings in the U.K. We've targeted 15 for the balance of this year. That will take us up to circa 147. We think the right number is probably somewhere in 175 to 200 for what we consider a full branch, and then there will be some satellite opportunities in addition to that. Over time, as we grow that, we're going to have to look at the infrastructure associated with that regional hubs and the 2 main central hubs. Because, obviously, we've been growing that business so quickly. You may end up at borrowing capacity there. We're looking at projects right now just to understand exactly if there's any opportunities to rationalize any of the warehousing and the distribution logistics between the U.K. operations and some of the continental operations. Obviously, it carries a lot some of our product. You can get a product across the channel on a ferry within a couple of hours, so it's almost like they're in one remote location in terms of that. So we're examining some of that -- much too early days to make any predictions and objectives where that's going to come out.
Robert L. Wagman: And John, I just want to add that we are already having daily delivery back-and-forth from the U.K. to Schiedam, the Netherlands.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from James Albertine from Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to focus on 2 sort of M&A-related questions. First, you gave a great color intra-quarter on the Sator acquisition, and you had an outlook as of the beginning of May as to when you thought that -- how that business would mature over time. Just wanted to get a sense -- obviously, we only got 2 months behind us now since that conversation. But any learnings that you picked up incrementally that makes you feel better or worse about that trajectory that you laid out in May? And then a quick follow-up on the U.S. deal.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Jamie. The -- we're very pleased with the acquisition, as we've mentioned on previous calls, but the primary focus has been on synergies and purchasing synergies. The teams are in lockstep on that. The other goal is to get the distribution between the 2 facilities up and running. We've accomplished that as well. So we're very pleased with the targets that we were hitting already, and well on pace to hit the timeline that we originally set out a couple of months ago. So really no surprises at all as far as what we wanted to get done and where we're headed.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And then very quickly on the U.S. side. You guys majored in M&A and minored in meteorology, I guess. Buying radiator companies in front of a hot summer like this is nothing short of being a prophet. So I wanted to get a sense. As the market's recovering, though, what you're seeing in terms of the quality and quantity of deals out there, but perhaps more importantly, are you seeing any difference from a valuation perspective as the market's sort of recovering overall?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. We honestly did expect a little bit of a lighter year this year because of the tax implications that ended in 2012 capital gains. It has not slowed down. Our M&A team has been busy as they've ever been. We've announced 11 deals to-date now, so we knew 30 going to -- actually, we did 30 deals. We didn't expect to do 30 deals this year. If you just extrapolate, we're heading on a pace of 22. So really in line -- slightly ahead of where we expected. I didn't expect it to be as robust as it is, but it's across all of our divisions, too, heavy truck. As you saw, it was quite a mix, and those 7 acquisitions we announced today of cooling aftermarket -- into the aftermarket division, self-service and full-service. So all of our product lines still remain active with acquisition candidates, and I expect to that to continue for the balance of the year.
John S. Quinn: And in terms of valuation, in many cases, there are other companies that we're buying are family-owned businesses that are coming to some kind of a family event, and we have really not changed our valuation metrics. Many of these companies, we're the only one buying them. And so it's really -- we're competing against somebody who continue to run the business until they retire. And so we haven't really had to change our valuation metrics on many of these smaller deals that we do.
Robert L. Wagman: We would like to be respectful of everyone's time. So calling off the call. Thank you, all, for joining the call. We look forward to updating you on our Q3 performance in October. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Joshua Wilson Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Brenda. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our first quarter 2013 financial results. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are currently not known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share of $0.28 for the first quarter ended March 31, 2013, increased 3.7% to $0.27 for the first quarter of 2012. As noted in the press release, the first quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share included a loss equal to $0.01 per share, resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Earnings per share in the first quarter of 2012 included a gain equal to $0.02 per share that resulted from a favorable legal settlement. Adjusting for these items, diluted earnings per share grew by 16% over the prior year quarter. I am proud of our bottom line growth with the first quarter of 2013 producing record earnings. Revenue for the quarter was $1.2 billion, an increase of 15.9% as compared to $1.03 billion in the first quarter of 2012. This revenue is the highest quarterly revenue achieved by LKQ since our founding. During the first quarter of 2013, the company delivered strong organic revenue growth for parts and services of 9.6% despite fewer selling days in both North America and United Kingdom. I am particularly pleased with our North American organic revenue growth for parts and services, which grew at 4.7%. Adding back that extra business day, we estimate that our North American organic revenue growth for parts and services would have been 5.9% in the quarter, a quarter that also witnessed high fuel prices and a 1.4% decrease of miles driven for February year-over-year. The solid growth in North American organic parts and service revenue for the quarter is primarily a result of a combination of the increased use of alternative parts by insurers and the Direct Repair Program networks to reduce claims costs. Year-over-year increases in claims frequency related to a more normalized winter pattern and our continued success in gaining market share. During the first quarter, we purchased approximately 65,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 10% increase over Q1 2012. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains strong starting out in 2013. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the first quarter, we purchased approximately 2,300 units for resale or parts as compared to nearly 1,800 in Q1 2012 or a 28% increase. Turning to our self-service retail businesses. During the first quarter, we acquired over 128,000 lower-cost self-service and crush only cars as compared to nearly 89,000 in Q1 of 2012 or a 44% increase. Please note that a portion of this increase in procurement is related to the additional self-service locations we acquired and developed in 2012. Now turning to Euro Car Parts. We continue to be impressed with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to capture market share. In Q1, ECP achieved strong organic revenue growth of 32.1%. With the continued performance in ECP's financial results and the strength of ECP's management team, I am pleased to announce that we have approved an additional 15 new branches for 2013 that are scheduled to open in the third and fourth quarter of this year. I would also like to update everybody on our collision parts program in the U.K. A little over a year ago, we launched our collisions program in the U.K., and today I am proud to say that we are the leading distributor of aftermarket alternative collision parts in the U.K. In 1 year, we established trading agreements with every major body shop group in the U.K., grown our collision offerings to over 13,000 SKUs, and simultaneously, we have forged supply relationships with multiple carriers in the U.K. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong double-digit year-over-year growth with our collision parts sales at ECP. Though off of a small base, today I am pleased to say that the collision sales are an ever-increasing portion of ECP's overall revenue mix. We believe we are positioned well for driving ECP's collision parts sales higher in 2013 and advancing our presence in the $3 billion U.K. collision parts market. Lastly, on operations. On April 4, the company announced the launch of an intelligent parts solution with CCC Information Services. The solution applies rule-based search functionality to CCC's ONE Estimating software, which provides users access to LKQ's vast aftermarket parts inventory database. Users of CCC ONE Estimating for Insurance will now be able to search real time among the industry's most integrated aftermarket parts database collecting the best part for every job based on part type, availability, price and ship date. Simultaneously, during this launch with CCC, we began beta testing in 5 body shops a second phase of this technology, which enables shop operators to click to order parts directly. Given the early acceptance of the second phase and its encouraging results, we have expanded the beta test to 20 body shops. Now moving to acquisitions. On April 23, 2013, the company agreed to acquire Sator Beheer. Sator is the market-leading distributor of automotive aftermarket parts in the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and Northern France. Headquartered in Schiedam, the Netherlands, Sator is the parent company of 8 operating subsidiaries. The group has over 800 employees serving a diverse base of more than 6,000 customers and offering a broad product line of over 150,000 SKUs from 11 distribution centers. In 2012, Sator reported revenue of EUR 288 million and EBITDA of EUR 24 million. Sator operates primarily in Western Europe, an automotive aftermarket parts market that is estimated to be $115 billion in size, servicing a car park of approximately 250 million vehicles. Approximately 85% of their 2012 revenue was derived from sales in the Netherlands and Belgium with the remainder in Northern France and exports throughout Europe. Their market share is approximately 20% in the primary markets they serve where industry dynamics are similar to the U.K. in terms of mandatory insurance, low APU for collision parts and a high acceptance for the APU for mechanical parts. This strategically significant acquisition further increases LKQ's European footprint and market share and provides a platform for future growth on the continent. Sator should also complement our existing Euro Car Parts operations in U.K. and allow for the realization of cost savings in purchasing and logistic synergies. The purchase price is expected to be approximately EUR 210 million and will be funded by drawing on our revolving credit facility. The transaction is expected to close May 1, 2013. We have identified synergies primarily in the purchasing area that we should be able to achieve over the next 2 years, which are expected to improve our purchase place [ph] to below 6x EBITDA. With that said, we are limited in what we can disclose at this time beyond what I just provided during this call and during the Q&A. As mentioned on the Q4 call, on February 21, 2013, the company purchased Autoclimate Ltd, our first tuck-in acquisition in the United Kingdom. Autoclimate has been fully integrated into ECP, and the full range of ECP products is now being offered to Autoclimate's customers. Also through purchasing synergies, we have witnessed strong margin improvement in like-for-like products between ECP and Autoclimate. This type of integration and synergy success validates our continued efforts in exploring other tuck-in acquisitions to add to the ECP network and throughout the continent. In addition to Autoclimate, during Q1, we acquired 2 additional companies, a paint distribution business in Ontario, Canada, and an aftermarket radiator distributor in Tampa, Florida. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to review our press release this morning. We expect to file our Form 10-Q with the SEC in the next few days, so please watch for that as well. Before I begin, I'd like to point out that we've slightly changed the segment disclosures dealing with revenue. In the past, our revenue growth components were focused around the type of revenue, including aftermarket, recycled parts and services and other revenue. Since our European operations have become a much larger portion of our revenue and because with Sator they will become proportionately larger still, we've begun to show revenue growth by geographic segment. In the North American segment, we are combining the growth statistics for aftermarket and recycled parts and services. We'll continue to break out other revenue where we record scrap and core. We've long maintained that we'd like our customers to be indifferent to an aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or an OEM part. We manage our business with that mindset. Given that these products are frequently being sold to the same customers and carry economic similarities, we believe that investors should be indifferent whether we generate revenue through the sale of recycled, refurbished or aftermarket parts. Having said that, for the time being, we'll continue to provide car purchase volumes. It's only the components of revenue growth that we are combining. Starting with the revenue. Our Q1 2013 revenue was $1.2 billion, an increase of $164 million compared to Q1 last year or an increase of 15.9%. Organic growth of 8.2% outstripped our acquisition growth 8%. We also had a negative 0.3% impact from exchange rates. Parts and services revenue grew organically 9.6%. Within that category, as Rob mentioned, ECP continued to perform strongly with a 32% organic growth. In North America, parts and service growth was 4.7%, but with one less day which we estimated impacted growth negatively, 1.2%. We saw a 23% increase in other revenue where we record scrap and core. Acquisitions accounted for 24% of the growth while organic growth was negative 1% as our volume increases in the recycled operations were largely offset by lower commodity prices and the discontinuance of operations at one of our aluminum furnaces. In Q1 2013, revenue for our self-serve business was $114 million or 9.5% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 31% of this revenue was part sales included in North American parts and services and 69% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin for Q1 2013 was $502 million or 42% of revenue, a decline of 140 basis points from a gross margin percentage at 43.4% in Q1 2012. The previously discussed gain on legal settlement in Q1 last year accounts for 80 basis points with the decline, and the precious metals business we acquired in Q2 2012 accounted for a further 50 basis points of decline. The impact of scrap mix and all other items accounted for the 10 basis points balance of the change. Facility and warehouse costs were 8.4% of revenue in Q1 2013, compared to 8.2% in the same quarter last year. This increase was due to the expansion in North America. During 2012, we completed the acquisition of 8 self-serve operations, which incurred greater facility costs as a percentage of revenue compared to our wholesale operations. Additionally, we added capacity in our wholesale operations, the revenue from which we expect to realize in the coming quarters. Distribution costs were 8.7% this quarter compared to 8.9% in the same quarter last year, a decrease of 20 basis points. This decrease is primarily as a result of lower fuel costs along with a relative increase in the amount of other revenue we reported as other revenue, primarily being scrap, incurs few distribution costs. Selling and G&A expenses were 11.5% of revenue in Q1 this year compared to 11.8%, primarily due to a reduction in personnel expenditures as a percent of revenue as we leveraged our general and administrative workforce across a higher revenue base. During the quarter, we recorded $1.5 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses, primarily incurred for professional fees in conjunction with the acquisitions including Sator. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter increased to 1.5% of revenue during the first quarter of 2013, compared to 1.4% in Q1 last year. The increase is primarily due to amortization of intangibles and depreciation of property and equipment acquired as a result of the acquisitions we completed last year. Other expenses, net, increased to $9.8 million in the 3 months ended March 31, 2013, compared to $5.5 million in the same period last year, an increase of $4.3 million. Interest expense was $1.2 million higher due to higher debt levels. And this year, we recorded an expense related to adjustments with contingent consideration of $800,000 compared to income of $1.3 million last year in the same period. We also had an incremental $1.3 million of foreign currency losses in 2013 compared to the same quarter last year, mainly due to weakened pound sterling. These expenses were partly offset by improved collection fees for late payments, which generated an incremental $400,000 in 2013. Our effective borrowing rate was 3.1% in Q1 2013 compared to 3% in Q1 2012. Our tax rate for the quarter was 35.8% compared to 36.8% in Q1 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower tax rates as our international business becomes a larger percentage of the total company. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.28 in Q1 2013 compared to $0.27 in Q1 2012. Last year, we had $0.02 favorable impact from a legal settlement. In Q1 this year, the acquisition-related expenses and contingent purchase price adjustments round to $0.01. On an adjusted basis, the diluted earnings per share was $0.29 this year as compared to $0.25 last year or an improvement of 16%. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $106 million compared to $110 million in 2012, a reduction of 4% -- $4 million. The biggest drivers of this reduction were an additional $25 million increase in accounts receivable as a result of higher sequential revenue growth in Q1 2013 and the timing of cash collections. That use of cash was offset by lower incentive compensation payments in 2013 compared to the same quarter of the prior year. In the first quarter, we spent $21 million in capital expenditures and $13 million in acquisitions. During the quarter, we reduced our net debt by $54 million. We ended Q1 with $1.1 billion of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $63 million. As of March 31, 2013, availability under our credit facility was $390 million. At quarter end, our debt under the credit facility was 67% fixed and 33% floating. Now turning to guidance. As we stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs, transactions costs, gains, losses, contingent purchase price adjustment, capital expenditures or cash flow associated with acquisition. Our guidance specifically excludes any impact of the Sator transaction we announced this morning or the related financing transaction we are working on. Our revised guidance for organic growth from parts and services is 6.5% to 8.5%. We increased this range from 5.5% to 7.5% to reflect the slightly stronger Q1 in North America and our intention to restart the ECP branch expansion later this year. Even though we left -- even though we increased revenue guidance for organic growth, we left the balance of the guidance unchanged. Although we're more bullish on organic revenue growth, a few short-term headwinds could impact our earnings. We continue to see softness in the sterling-U.S. dollar exchange rate. I mentioned the exchange and losses of $1.3 million in the quarter. If the average exchange rate stays near its current level compared to where we had anticipated it would be, we expect that exchange rate differential will continue to negatively impact us over the course of the year. We believe that our competitors are suffering similar impacts on their foreign currency purchases, and the ECP team is working to adjust prices to offset that impact but it will take time. In addition to the local earnings pressure that falling sterling causes, the local currency earnings of ECP will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. Although we are increasing the number of branches at ECP, we've explained in the past that branches tend to lose money initially and cause an initial drag on earnings. We also anticipate a slight increase in our working capital requirements to accommodate these expansions, which will impact our cash flow from operations. We believe that the incremental capital spending required can be accommodated within our guidance range of $100 million to $115 million. Year-to-date, we've seen negative miles driven in the U.S.. Some of this year-over-year reduction may have been weather-related as last year's mild winter may have caused higher miles driven but also could be a sign of continued economics sluggishness. In this regard, we're simply being cautious until we know more. Scrap was volatile in Q1. We believe that would have minimal overall impact year-over-year. Unfortunately in April, we've seen a general fall in commodity prices and unless they recover in the quarter, we would expect to be negatively impacted in Q2. The Manheim Index stood at 120.4 at the end of March as compared to 126.2 a year earlier. We have seen a slight improvement in our car buying. Unfortunately the commodity value decreases are probably accounting for most of that reduction. At this time, we do not see margins in Q2 improving appreciably as a result of the reduction in used car prices. If the trend in prices continues for car prices, we may see a relief later in the year. We shared with you Sator's revenue of EUR 288 million or USD 375 million; in 2012, reported EBITDA of EUR 24 million or $31 million at the current exchange rate. The reported EBITDA is before customary pro forma adjustments you'd expect in a company owned by a private equity firm. We believe the adjusted EBITDA would be a few million euros higher. We expect to close the transaction in the first week of May. Until we close, we'll not be able to completely finalize the purchase accounting adjustments including the amortization of intangibles. We've also disclosed that we're working with our banks to amend and restate our credit facility, including an increase in the size of the facility. Until we complete the financings, we're not able to share with you the additional details regarding the financial impacts of the acquisition or potential financing changes. However, it is our intention to finance this transaction using longer-term fixed rates as the interest rates we expect to incur will likely be higher than our average borrowing rate of 3.1%. When we adjust Sator's 2012 EBITDA for pro forma adjustments and after we achieve the identified synergies, we anticipate a purchase price below 6x EBITDA. These synergies primarily relate to procurement. While we're highly confident that these can be achieved, we believe it may take up to 2 years to fully implement these and have their impact flow through the inventory and through the income statement. So we are only expecting modest improvements in the remainder of 2013. Finally, I'd like to give everybody a heads up that because of Sator acquisition, we're examining the timing of our Q2 earnings release. We've now confirmed a release date, but there's a possibility that release -- we will release on August 1 as opposed to what would be more typical of our timing a week earlier. And we'll confirm that exact timing in July. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Rob.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. To summarize, we are pleased with our first quarter performance. In 2012, we were faced with unforeseen challenges in our core North American business. As we enter 2013, these challenges appear to be subsiding, which is evident with our first quarter organic revenue growth. Though headwinds continue, I am encouraged by the tailwinds we've benefited from in the quarter. In addition, given our success with ECP, we are very excited about the pending acquisition of Sator. Sator has unparalleled market knowledge with a strong reputation and a high degree of credibility with customers, and we believe this transaction presents a great long-term opportunity for the company as we continue our European expansion. ECP continues to provide exciting growth opportunities for the company and we are quite pleased with its performance and the value it has created for our shareholders. We plan to continue to expand our ECP branch count in the U.K. by adding 15 additional branches in the third and fourth quarter of 2013. Our position in North America is extremely strong relative to alternative parts competitors. LKQ is the only company with a national footprint and the only company of any size that offers a full range of alternative parts to our customers. Still, we are not fully built out and we believe there are opportunities to continue our North American growth both organically and through acquisition. All of these business units, supported by our 21,000 plus dedicated employees, allowed us to post a solid first quarter, which has positioned the company well for the balance of 2013. Brenda, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk to your -- 2 quick questions. One, John, you gave some nice detail on kind of the dip in the gross margins when you exclude kind of the gain or whatever, still a lot of that due to the precious metal business. Could you talk about the overall profitability? I mean, obviously, you guys did a lot of acquisitions in the fourth quarter. Whether there is any additional mix issues coming from those or a little bit lower profitability near term and what's the opportunity to kind of maybe get those margins up over the next maybe 12 months or so?
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Nate. I'll start and maybe Rob can supplement. You're right, we did a fair number of acquisitions last year, 30 of which -- I think 1/2 were in Q4. I would say the metals business is not yet fully integrated. We've started to decant some of our own catalytic converters and starting to process, but the majority of the cats are not going through there yet. When you look at some of the bigger acquisitions we did, which were up in Canada, I'd say those are still -- we're still in the implementation phase with respect to those. The facility and warehouses I talked a little bit about the drag that, that created on as a percentage of revenue facility and warehouse costs. If you look at the map that we typically publish, you see we still have duplicate facilities in multiple locations in Canada. So it's going to take a while to get through those. Still in the implementation phase with respect to a number of the acquisitions where we have overlap facilities.
Robert L. Wagman: And I would just add, Nate, one other acquisition I want to highlight is the shredder business that we bought in Q4. We are in the process of bringing all those -- our own cars to that shredder and still plenty of capacity to grow there. So early days there, but we're very excited about the opportunity that provides.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So it kind of sounds like all else equal assuming no extra benefit on the gross margin side from maybe lower used car prices or purchase prices, but it sounds like over the next 12 months we definitely can see some upside just on the overall margin line as everything kind of gets integrated assuming no new deals?
John S. Quinn: Yes, I don't know whether it'll come so much through the gross margin line. I think it's more leveraging the distribution and the warehousing costs.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then regarding the acquisition in Europe. Obviously, again, it sounds like a great foothold in the continent there. Could you talk, and I know it's too early to talk exactly about maybe what the accretion is, but I mean can you talk about the general accretion profile whether we'd get anything in '13 without giving exact numbers and what it might be in '14? And could you talk about the base premise of that model whether it is similar to like ECP in terms of more of a branch-based distribution model? And what the percentage currently comes from mechanical versus collision parts there?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Nathan, unfortunately due to the confidentiality provisions in our agreement with the sellers, we can't disclose too many details until we actually close, which we are scheduled to close on May 1. We are doing -- we plan on doing a follow-up after that with more updates on some of the questions you asked. However, I can talk about the market dynamics that we're getting into. The main competitors in the marketplace are generally smaller regional players. However, in other countries surrounding there, there are similar type of companies to the Sator operation. Very little of their sales today are in collision sales. The vast majority of their parts are going to be very similar to ECP in terms of aftermarket mechanical components. As I mentioned, they have approximately a 20% market share in the Benelux region. There is a high acceptance of alternative mechanical parts in the marketplace, very similar to the U.K. Some really good trends that we like: mandatory insurance, very low alternative part usage. So over time, our plan would be to bring our collision parts program from the U.K. over to the continent. 85% of Sator's revenue is in Belgium and the Netherlands. And just the overall Western Europe marketplace, about 250 million vehicles larger than the United States. And the part spend in the aftermarket, parts market, is a $115 billion. So really a great opportunity. We plan on using that obviously as our beachhead onto the continent and we will look to expand and we'll continue to look at opportunities throughout the continent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just to follow-up on the Sator commentary. Is the model any different than in the U.K. where in the U.K., you acquired 89 stores and then expanded to 130 plus. It looks like this model is more based on DCs, you're acquiring 11. Maybe you could help us understand the difference in the model a little bit.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I think that's fair, Craig. It's a DC-type distribution business where they're selling into the marketplace. Great -- certainly, great penetration in the marketplace today with a 20% market share. So great upside for us there to keep growing the business. We'll be looking at that model. Our primary concentration from the beginning will be to focus on the synergies that John and I both spoke about in our prepared remarks. We think that's the greatest opportunity right out of the gate, is to focus on the purchasing synergies and look at logistic opportunities as well. So we're going to look to be able to share parts between the U.K. and our Netherlands operations. So that's where the focus is going to be out of the first year or so.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Regarding the synergies that you mentioned, you mentioned they are purchasing synergies, so I assume that all of that savings is on the cost side and not really on the revenue side yet?
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then lastly, just with respect to your phase 2 test with CCC. I realize it's only 5 customers, but the click-through functionality seems like a meaningful upgrade. What kind of sales lift do you think that could provide and does that drive any of your assumptions regarding organic growth?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, let me talk about the difference between this program and the Mitchell program that we mentioned 2 quarters ago. The Mitchell program is not fully integrated with the estimating system, but this one is. So what we like about this system -- phase 2 of the Mitchell system was that we fully integrated with the estimating system. CCC's is already integrated, meaning the shop doesn't have to leave the estimate platform to see our products. So by staying in that system, we think it's going to be a lot more powerful. The second thing we like about the program is that CCC has the majority of the body shop business in the United States with Mitchell being a second and Solera being first. So we have a bigger data -- bigger customer base to focus on with this program. You're right, it is very early days, Craig. We only have 5 shops and initial tests now are up to 20. We're encouraged by the results. The beta shops have really enjoyed the B2B functionality of it, but it really is too early for us to be projecting how well this is going to be received in the marketplace. I think we'll have a better idea after Q2 or Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Johnson (sic) [Jordan] with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. And one, I might have missed this. Did you give any margin impact from the precious metals business in the first quarter?
John S. Quinn: It's 50 basis points.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So it's very consistent with last year's run rate. And I guess if you look at that and sort of get a feeling for utilization, it doesn't sound like it's fully loaded. Is there sort of an expectation as we get into the anniversary of that acquisition the middle of this year, sort of a ramp rate at which point it begins to become less impactful?
John S. Quinn: The reason that they had their own metals business and that has not gone away and will discontinue. What we're really trying to do there is where we've got revenue -- precious metal revenue out of the cars we're selling. We're really just trying to capture some of the value that's the downstream impacts with the refiners. So I don't think you're going to see a dramatic change from that frankly because they'll continue to do their own processing of third-party metals.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then a question on Sator. Do you -- at least color for us as far the growth rate and their revenues that EUR 288 million was up from x in the prior year, sort of get a feeling for how that business has been growing prior to the acquisition?
Robert L. Wagman: We will update. After we close, Bret, we'll be updating everybody on those figures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: This is Josh filling in for Sam. Could you talk a little bit about the ECP multiple you ended up paying after the earn-outs and sort of compare and contrast the purchase price for ECP and Sator and the justification for each?
John S. Quinn: I don't have that off the top of my head. The total consideration was EUR 280 million. If the earn-out -- excuse me, GBP 280 million for ECP, assuming that the earn-outs are fully paid. And the EBITDA, you can actually get the EBITDA because we disclosed that in the Qs. Just be careful to add back the changes and consideration.
Joshua Wilson: I think x the earn-out, you were somewhere 8x when the deal was first announced. So I just was wanting to understand the thoughts on the 2 different.
John S. Quinn: I don't want to quote a number, but it's going to be dramatically less than that.
Joshua Wilson: And the reason for that?
John S. Quinn: I'm saying -- I'm sorry, Josh?
Joshua Wilson: What was the reason for the difference?
John S. Quinn: Oh, at the time of the acquisition, you were saying it was around 8x. I don't recall that. I'm just saying that if you look at whether the EBITDA or ECP is throwing off now and assume that we fully paid the consideration, we can work up the number. But it's well under 8x.
Joshua Wilson: Okay. I'll come back on that later then. And does this reduce your bandwidth any for U.S. acquisitions?
Robert L. Wagman: No, it doesn't, Josh. We have teams on both sides of the pond working deals, and the acquisition pipeline actually is still relatively strong. We did push a little bit lighter in North America with us announcing only 2 deals this quarter. I think that was because of the rush in Q4 to beat the tax deadline. We mentioned that we did 15 deals in Q4. So a little bit slower in North America, I think, just catching up. But the pipeline remains very active on both sides.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Rob, did you say that the Mitchell system that you're working with now is not fully integrated into the estimating system yet, but it will be?
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct, yes. It was 2 phases. The first phase was a B2B buying. So they actually leave the estimating platform to see our inventory. With CCC, they don't have to leave the estimating platform. We mentioned on the last call that Mitchell had a phase 2 that's supposed to be released in Q3. That will be very similar to CCC's. It's fully integrated where the shop or the insurance company never has to leave the estimate.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And with both of these and I guess the third estimating system in the country as well, you will be the only recycler that has this capability?
Robert L. Wagman: Today, yes. There are plans maybe to open up in the future, but we are the only ones right now with both companies.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And just a couple of quick questions. How many ECP branches did you end the quarter with?
Robert L. Wagman: We were at 132 and then we have 1 with Autoclimate, so that's 133.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then in terms of the alternative part usages -- usage on the continent, you said it's low. Trying to figure there, is it similar to the U.K.?
Robert L. Wagman: Very similar to the U.K., Gary. We estimated it's between 5% and 8%. And what we've always said is that it's many of the same insurance companies writing in the U.K. also writing the continent. So our hope is that we can piggyback on our relationships in the U.K. that we've already developed through the launch eventually on the continent as well.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: That was my next question. I mean, in terms of crossover, I mean, all the major players are writing in the U.K. as well as the continent on insurance basis, what about those that are smaller ones that are domiciled in the U.K. that you may be working with? Do they write on the continent as well?
Robert L. Wagman: All the big players do, of course, write both on the U.K. and the continent. I think it's fair to say that there's regional players in the U.K., there'll be regional payers on the continent as well. So there'll be a little bit of difference there, but it's the 80-20 rule here with the big carriers owning the majority of the market share.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: And I assume you're working with all the big carriers that are in the U.K. right now, right?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Co.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Could you talk about how the weather impacted the quarter? Obviously, we had some extraneous amounts of snow that hit the Northeast. Could you just talk about on the net basis how it helped you and if there's any lingering impact into the second quarter?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it was a winter that finally arrived. It was pretty interesting when you look at the stats that, really before February, we were actually behind our normal expectation. And then late February and March, the Northeast really got pounded pretty good. Certainly, we believe that it certainly didn't hurt the Q1. We certainly believe that it brought enough of volume into the marketplace in the collision repair industry. And April is very much the plan right now. So we think that it's pushed some of that weather in March into April. So it really had some nice late winter weather to help us in late Q1 and early Q2.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And North America, looking at the parts and service, I know you're not breaking it out anymore but could you just give some high-level commentary of how the recycled parts side did, namely, the mechanical parts just with some reports of some weakness there over the last -- particularly in March?
John S. Quinn: I don't know if we've seen any appreciable change in our mechanical. Keep in mind, our mechanical sales are primarily large-ticket items like engines and transmissions that really are not discretionary in terms of people's ability to time those. When somebody's engine blows, they generally have to go and get it fixed. And it's primarily just driven off our car buying in Q4. So I don't think we've been impacted particularly.
Robert L. Wagman: And quite frankly, Scott, with the aging car part, our engine transmission businesses is very strong right now. So we didn't see any impact at all to our mechanical components.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, got you. And just last question, just following up on the U.K. and the collision parts initiative, how many insurers do you have programs with now?
Robert L. Wagman: We have relationships with 8 insurers today, all in pilot stage, but continuing and growing by the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: With the Sator acquisition, you had mentioned that this is also in Northern France, and I was under the impression that France has legislation in place that requires new parts -- aftermarket parts to be used. So -- and that was one of the reasons why Europe was going to be a difficulty for you in terms of your strategy going forward. But now it seems like you're more comfortable with the aftermarket business over there?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Richard, let me clarify the law there. The law is for collision parts only that have to be OEM parts only. So on the mechanical, the aftermarket mechanical, there is not that same restriction. So that only applies to collision parts, and our collision parts sales in the continent are very low today. So that didn't hinder us at all. Now, with that being said, France is an interesting country. So I'm not sure what our plans will be to expand in France at this point. It's still early days, but we certainly won't be pushing our collision parts into that marketplace. But as far as mechanical parts, they are readily accepted in France.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Now this business, it sounds more something that's like a Napa. Is that characterization fair to say about Sator?
John S. Quinn: Yes, they distribute mechanical parts, very similar mechanical parts as ECP did.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is this the type of operation -- would you be considering this type of operation to acquire here in the United States?
Robert L. Wagman: We certainly are looking at the hard part industry in all markets. It's an intriguing part of our business. It's a little bit different model that what we operate here today in terms of the way we deliver our products. Those tend to be more hotshot and we tend to be a little bit more once-a-day delivery for our collision and heavy mechanical parts. But it's certainly something we will continue to look at in the States as well.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And when you say hotshot, you mean you deliver on demand?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, and they tend to deliver in the U.K. and at Sator within 30 minutes to 45 minutes. So they'll have a truck waiting just to dispatch immediately once the call comes in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sorry, I'm late to the call. But could you give me just a couple of, I know you've probably been through this on the acquisition, a little bit of the size of the market that Sator is addressing?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. Let me talk about the Western European market first, John. Western Europe is about USD 115 billion parts, aftermarket parts market. There are over 250 million vehicles on the road there in the Western European. 85% of Sator's revenue is in the Belgium and the Netherlands. Very similar market dynamics as what we've seen in the U.K. Mandatory insurance with very, very low levels of alternative part usage on the collision side. There is a high acceptance of alternative mechanical parts. So that obviously bodes well for us. They have about a 20% market share in the Benelux region. And basically, the main competitors are small regional players. If you get outside of their main markets they operate, there are similar companies to Sator in Germany, France, et cetera. But really great growth opportunity and plenty of runway left.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And the situation with the ownership, was it -- what was the situation for the seller?
Robert L. Wagman: Private equity.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: It was private equity. And they've had it how long?
Robert L. Wagman: 3 years, 3 or 4 years.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And once again you probably covered it, was there anything unusual in the cost structure in the quarter?
John S. Quinn: Anything unusual -- I'm sorry, John, anything unusual what?
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: In the cost structure other than just some of the comparisons to onetime items, et cetera. Was there anything else unusual in the cost structure?
John S. Quinn: No, just COGS that there was in Q1 last year with the...
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, right. But other than that comparison, nothing else unusual?
John S. Quinn: No.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And what did you say, what are the cost of the car do in the quarter?
Robert L. Wagman: In the quarter, our average cost in Q1 2012, we were at about $19.31 per car, John. In this quarter, year-over-year, we're $18.70. So seeing a little bit of improvement there.
Operator: In this case, since there are no further questions, I'd like to turn the floor back over for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Brenda. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again in a few months to report our Q2 results. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations, LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Boutross, you may now begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results and provided our full year 2013 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin with our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning with both a solid fourth quarter and full year 2012. Diluted earnings per share in Q4 were $0.21, an increase of 10.5% as compared to $0.19 for the fourth quarter of 2011. Revenue reached a new quarterly high of $1.07 billion in the quarter, an increase of 13.7% as compared to Q4 2011. Organic revenue growth for parts and services was 8.2% for the quarter. Total organic revenue growth for the quarter was 7.4%. For the full year, our EPS was $0.87, representing an increase of 22.5% from the $0.71 reported in 2011. Please note that both full year 2012 and 2011 diluted earnings per share included a loss equal to $0.01 per share resulting from restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities. Additionally, full year 2011 diluted earnings per share included a charge of $0.01 per share as a result of the loss of debt extinguishment. Revenue reached a record $4.1 billion in 2012, an increase of 26% as compared to 2011. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for 2012 was 6%. Total organic revenue growth for the year was 4.1%. I am also pleased with our organic growth considering the mild weather conditions we faced in the first and second quarter, increased fuel prices throughout the year, fluctuations in the scrap market, a reduction in claims volume and minimal relief from our relatively high vehicle procurement costs during the first half of the year. Despite those headwinds, we continue to grow our business and gain market share in the quarter and for the full year, which we believe it was a result of the broadening of our product line offerings for both collision and mechanical repair shops, our efforts to optimize our North American regional distribution network, the ongoing growth in insurance-based Direct Repair Programs and the continued positive performance of Euro Car Parts. Next, I'd like to talk about other aspects of our business. During the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 68,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 16% increase over Q4 2011. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good starting out in 2013. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. As mentioned during our last call, we are optimistic about the favorable pricing trends we are witnessing at the auction. This trend played a role on a sequential improvement on gross margin for the quarter, which John will touch on momentarily. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the fourth quarter, we purchased over 2,500 units for resale or parts as compared to nearly 1,900 in Q4 2011 or a 37% increase. Overall, the heavy-duty truck business performed well in 2012, posting double-digit organic growth for the year. We continue to believe that this business presents a long-term growth opportunity for our shareholders, and we anticipate additional developments in this line of business for the company. Turning to our self-service retail business. During the fourth quarter, we acquired over 114,000 lower cost self service and crush-only cars as compared to over 90,000 in Q4 2011 or a 26% increase. Turning to Euro Car Parts. We continue to be impressed with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to capture market share and open new store branches. In Q4, ECP achieved strong organic revenue growth of 34.1%. During the fourth quarter, we opened 10 new branches, and we opened 2 additional branches in January, bringing our total branch count to 132. I would also like to update everyone on our collision parts program in the U.K. I am quite pleased with the progress our industry relations team has made since we launched the program in March 2012. At the end of 2012, we had supply relationships with 8 carriers in the U.K., with 8 multi-shop operators. During the quarter, we again witnessed strong double digit year-over-year growth with our collision parts sales in ECP. Though the volume increases off of a small base, the expansion in carrier and MSO penetration is encouraging. We believe we are positioned well for the driving ECP collision part sales in 2013 and advancing our presence in that 3 billion U.K. collision parts market. Moving onto acquisitions. Q4 and full year 2012 were the most acquisitive quarter in the year, respectively, since the company's founding in 1998. This milestone is a testament to our strength in identifying businesses that will allow us to expand our geographic footprint and broaden our product offerings to continue our growth. We are confident of our regional management's team's ability to effectively integrate these acquired businesses and leverage our existing distribution and sales network to drive organic revenue growth. As mentioned on the Q3 call, in our total, we purchased an aftermarket parts distribution that operates 12 locations in 7 Canadian provinces and an aftermarket parts distribution business that operates 3 locations in Québec. During the balance of Q4, we acquired 15 additional companies. We purchased 2 self-service businesses in Florida and aftermarket parts distribution in West Virginia; 3 paint distributions with locations in Nebraska and Ohio; a bumper and fender distributor in Ontario, Canada; 3 wholesale salvage businesses with locations in Virginia, Minnesota and South Carolina; 2 heavy-duty truck aftermarket cooling and radiator businesses with locations in Michigan, Florida, Georgia and Missouri; 2 heavy-duty truck businesses with locations in Florida and Georgia; and finally, we purchased a self-service business with an adjacent auto shredder in Florida. These acquisitions brought our year end total to 30. I'd like to briefly highlight 2 recent acquisitions. In December of 2012, we acquired a self-service yard in an adjacent vehicle shredder in Florida. This acquisition marks the company's first entry into the vehicle shredding business. Given that some of our car volume competition, our vehicle shredding companies, having a shredder allows us to procure vehicles that we historically wouldn't buy. We believe that by adding these new types of vehicles to our procurement mix, will lower our average cost per vehicle because we will be increasing our total share of buying in auction. Also in markets, where there's limiting -- limited shredding capacity, we typically find that we get less revenue per car. But by having our own shredder, we reduce the risk of loss revenue and continue on our focus on maximizing the profitability of each of these vehicles we procure. Currently, this shredder is operating at half capacity. We anticipate running at full capacity by the end of 2013 with all current and future volume being generated internally with no reliance on third-party sources. Lastly, on acquisitions, on February 1, 2013, the company purchased Autoclimate Limited, a U.K.-based distributor of collision repair parts and products primarily for automotive climate control systems. Autoclimate's products, systems and strong relationships with U.K.-based insurance carriers and collision repair shops compliment ECP's ongoing effort of growing our collision program in the U.K. Autoclimate marks our second acquisition in the U.K. and our first tuck-in acquisition for ECP, further highlighting our confidence in our acquisition growth strategy outside of North America. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results for the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Hopefully, everyone's had a chance to review our press release this morning. We expect to file our 10-K with the SEC in the next few days. Please watch for that as well. Also as a reminder, we split the stock in September 2012, so any discussions regarding the number of shares, earnings per share, reflect that split. We are commenting today on Q4 and the full year of 2012, as well as giving 2013 guidance. So please note that my comments may switch between the quarter and the full year's. Rob's already given you a breakdown of the major year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll supplement what he said with a few other data points. In Q4 2012, our total organic revenue growth was 7.4%, and we delivered additional growth of 5.9% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned that the Q4 2012 organic growth for recycled and aftermarket parts and services was 8.2%. Other revenue, which is where we record our scrap and commodity sales, was higher by 19.2%. The majority of this growth was driven by acquisitions, which accounted for 17.3% of the change. We saw modest organic growth of 1.9% because higher volumes slightly more than offset the fall we saw in commodity prices. We saw the average price achieved for scrap steel fall about 14% year-over-year. In Q4 2012, revenue for our self-service business was $89.7 million or 8.4% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 35% of this revenue was part sales and included in recycled and related products and 65% scrap and car sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven by the 33 deals we completed since Q3 2011 and excludes ECP, which closed the first day of the quarter in Q4 2011. In Q4 2012, the impact of revenue from acquisitions was $55 million. Gross margin of 41.7% for the fourth quarter of 2012 was flat as compared to the same quarter 2011. There was little year-over-year change in any of our operating segments. However, within the North American segment, we saw margins in our late model salvage operations improving with the drop in the cost of cars. But that improvement was offset by mix and the lower margin precious metals business that we acquired in Q2. Probably worth taking a moment to add a few comments on the sequential gross margins. Gross margins improved to 40.3% in Q3 2012 to 41.7% from Q4 2012, an increase of 140 basis points. The primary driver of this increase was the wholesale North American segment. And similar to the year-over-year variance, we saw the cost of vehicles decrease more steeply than the drop in scrap prices. There were minor up and downs in the other segments, but nothing significant. Our facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A expenses was 30.3% of revenue in Q4 2012 and Q4 2011. Slightly higher distribution costs, as a percent of revenue, were offset by lower SG&A costs. This is primarily due to ECP, which tends to run higher distribution costs. In addition, ECP's distribution costs were higher in Q4 2012 compared to Q4 2011 due to our additional infrastructure to support the new branches and the addition of crash parts to the ECP product lines. The lower SG&A cost was primarily due to compensation-related expenses. During the fourth quarter of 2012, we recorded $200,000 of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. In the same quarter last year, we incurred $2.3 million of these expenses as a result of legal deal and other restructuring costs related to the acquisitions. Our operating income was $104.3 million in Q4 2012 compared to $90.1 million in 2011, an improvement of $14 million or 16%. Interest expense of $8.4 million was $1.5 million higher in Q4 2011. This increase is due to our higher average debt balances as we incurred debt to fund our acquisitions and slightly higher average interest rate. Our effective borrowing rate was 3.15% for Q4 2012 compared to 2.84% in Q4 2011. Our year-to-date tax rate was 36.2% as compared to 37.4% in 2011. The lower rate in 2012 is primarily the result of a higher portion of our earnings being attributable to foreign subsidiaries in lower tax jurisdictions than the U.S. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.21 in Q4 2012 compared to $0.19 in 2011. The impact on EPS of restructuring acquisition-related cost and income was immaterial in both years. So year-over-year, EPS grew $0.02 in Q4, an increase of 11%. For the full year 2012, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.87 compared to $0.71 in 2011, an increase of 23%. In 2012, the $0.87 of EPS included $0.01 of restructuring and acquisition cost and contingent consideration adjustments. 2012 also included the previously disclosed legal settlements, which totaled $0.04 over the year. Adjusting for these 2 categories, 2012 EPS would have been a net $0.84 compared to the reported $0.87. 2011, we incurred a $0.02 impact from restructuring and debt write-off cost, net of about $0.005 favorable EPS impact contingent payment adjustment. Without these items, 2011 EPS would have been $0.73. On an adjusted basis, 2012, $0.84 EPS is $0.11 favorable to the 2011 adjusted $0.73 or an improvement of 15.1%. Cash flow from operations. The full year was $206 million compared to $212 million in 2011, a decline of $6 million. The main reasons for this decline and the decline relative to our earlier expectations were in the area of working capital, particularly in the Q4 inventory and accounts payable. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, during our Q4, our inventories increased $47 million, while accounts payable was a use of cash of $7 million. The buying environment for our salvage operations improved in Q4, and we purchased almost 8,000 additional vehicles compared to Q3 2012. As a result, we ended the year with higher inventories than we had earlier expected. Further, as a result of the threatened port strikes, we accelerated our normal seasonal build of aftermarket product in order to protect ourselves. In addition, we saw our European operations reducing their accounts payable in order to capture additional early-pay discounts, so whereas with their growth, ECP's accounts payable had normally been a source of cash. In 2012, it was actually a use of cash. The underlying EBITDA of the business was strong with full year EBITDA of $511 million in 2012 compared to $418 million in 2011, an increase of $92 million and 22%. In 2012, we invested $88 million in capital assets, slightly underspending our guidance of $90 million to $100 million. During the year, we spent $265 million in cash from acquisitions, including $132 million in Q4 2012. For the year, we issued 3.9 million shares of stock related to exercise of stock options and equity compensation, and that resulted in $33 million in cash, including tax-related benefits. At the end of the year, LKQ's debt was $1.1 billion, and cash and cash equivalents were $60 million. Availability under our $1.4 billion credit facility, after taking into account $40 million of Letters of Credit supported by the facility, was $356 million. With our cash of $60 million in the balance sheet, our liquidity was $416 million. Our debt under the credit facility and our asset securitization program was 59% fixed and 41% floating as of year end. Turning to guidance. I'd like to remind listeners a few items that we exclude from our guidance. The guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transactions cost, gains or losses, capital expenditures or cash flow associated with the acquisitions. We expect to incur some additional charges in contingent consideration liabilities, which can be either a negative or positive. In any case, we're excluding them from guidance as well. We don't provide guidance quarterly or on specific line items, but I would like to remind investors that in Q1 2013, we'll have 1 fewer day than in Q1 2012. We expect to get that day back in Q3. We would expect our Q1 revenue year-over-year comparisons to be negatively impacted by 1 fewer selling day. Commodity prices create some variability in our income statement quarter-to-quarter. The midpoint of the guidance assumes the commodity prices will be neutral to earnings. And as our foreign operations grow, foreign exchange could cause additional earnings volatility. Through the first 9 months of 2012, there's no foreign exchange impact from our European operations because they were new to the company. 2013 will be the first full year where we report foreign exchange impact from those operations. In 2012, we recorded using an average exchange rate for the British pound of $1.59 whereas the current exchange rate is about $1.52. I'd remind listeners that the legal settlements we had last year positively benefited earnings by $0.02 per share in each of Q1 and Q2. Those earnings are not expected to repeat this year. We expect our parts and services organic growth to be 5.5% to 7.5%. We're not giving guidance by segment, but our internal expectations is the very high growth we've seen in the European segment to lightly slow a bit this year as we're not going to open any new locations until we're sure that the existing branches are fully integrated. We still believe there remains a significant opportunity in the U.K., and we will revisit the branch opening schedule in the second half of the year and expect to update investors at that time. We assumed a more normal weather pattern for 2013 for North America compared to the mild winter and dry summer of 2012. When that comes to pass and unemployment in the U.S. continues to abate, we'd expect to see our North American growth to improve over our 2012 results. Also at the end of 2012, we had closed one of our aluminum furnaces. We don't expect any material impact on our earnings as a result of those closure, but we expect our sale of aluminum, which is recorded in other revenue, to be about $10 million lower each quarter this year. Our guidance for net income is $305 million to $330 million, which equates to $1.09 to $1.00 diluted earnings per share. Compared to the $0.84 EPS we reported in 2012, after adjusting for the legal settlements and acquisition-related items, our guidance represents an improvement of 19% on the low end of the guidance and 30% if we achieve the high end. We expect to spend in the range of $100 million to $115 million of capital expenditures. This figure is higher than the $88 million in 2012, but we're obviously a much larger company, and we have some carryover spending from 2012 on several greenfield projects that we started last year. Cash from operations is expected to be approximately $300 million. This represents a significant improvement of almost 50% over 2012, mainly due to the higher projected income and our assumptions that Q4 inventory build will not be as large in 2013 as accounts payable will be the source of cash as opposed to the use of cash that we saw in 2012. One other item regarding cash flow for your modeling. In 2013, we have approximately $72 million of scheduled debt repayments and $42 million of payments related to contingent consideration. The $3 million of these payments will be recorded as an outflow in our cash flow from operations. I'd like to turn the call back to Rob to summarize before we open the call to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are pleased with the fourth quarter and our 2012 performance. During 2012, we were challenged with multiple elements that were not in our control, including year-over-year accident frequency that was down roughly 2%, paid claims down on average over 3%. Our average price per ton of scrap was down 14% and, according to a recent collision repair shop survey, over 70% of all shops reported flat or negative sales compared to 2011. Despite all of those challenges, our company was able to deliver positive growth across many financial performance metrics. ECP continues to provide exciting growth opportunities for the company, and we are quite pleased with its performance and the value it has created for our shareholders. We plan to continue to expand our ECP branch comp in the U.K., while simultaneously leveraging their network to drive collision part sales by educating our U.K. customers on our value proposition of alternative parts and driving APU. In addition, given our success with ECP and our ability to identify growth opportunities outside of North America, the company continues to explore additional international acquisition targets. As witnessed by our fourth quarter acquisition and development efforts, we also believe there are opportunities to continue our North American growth. We see strategic tuck-in and greenfield markets available across all of our businesses. We will continue our efforts to add additional product lines as we execute our one-stop shop goal for our collision mechanical customers. All of these business units, supported by our 20,000 plus dedicated employees, allow us to project solid EPS gains for 2013. The low end of our guidance represents a 19% increase over 2012 results, and at the high end, we would increase our EPS 30% year-over-year. Keep in mind that our 2012 EPS exceeded 2011 EPS by over 23%. So you can see that we expect to continue the success we achieved in 2012. Rob, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Bret Jordan, BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Question on the precious metals recovery. If you look at its impact in the fourth quarter, I guess, its ramp rate, could you give us some more color and how that business is spooling up as you get some of the airbags processing?
Robert L. Wagman: The question -- was the revenue...
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: What was the impact, I guess, the margin impact on the precious metals recovery because that was expected to be margin dilutive, I guess, in the early stages?
Robert L. Wagman: Sorry, Bret. I thought [indiscernible] question.
John S. Quinn: It's about 30 bps net drag on margin.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And I guess what's the expected ramp rate on that? Is that something that as we get into the middle of 2013 and sort of anniversary its acquisition, it should be running fairly efficiently? Will that always be just running at a lower...
Robert L. Wagman: I think it will always be running at a lower, at a lower margin.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then I guess, speaking about margin trends in North America, as you look more to the auto parts business and, you've certainly done some parts acquisitions in Canada in the recent quarter, where do you see that margin relative to your traditional North American collision margin?
John S. Quinn: Which -- the Canadian one? Is that what you're asking?
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Canadian auto parts. As you're getting more into internal engine parts as opposed to collision panel parts, where did you see a much margin differential between those 2 business categories?
Robert L. Wagman: The businesses that we bought in Canada were primarily aftermarket collision part distributors.
John S. Quinn: And we see the margins being very similar to what we see in North -- in the United States, Bret.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So nothing changing on that mix? Okay. And then one last question, as you look at the shredding business and its 50% capacity and you get a volume, is it cost effective to distribute longer distances, or is it mostly Southeastern volume that's going to go into that shredder?
John S. Quinn: It's mainly going to be Southeastern volume. We figure about a 300 mile radius, Bret, to be able to cost effectively haul it in there. And because it's in Florida, we have such a concentration in Florida and Southern Georgia, we believe we can fully run the setup with our own volume and now have to buy anything on the street.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Kennison of Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: John, I know organic growth is a more complicated number today because of ECP. Could you help us deconstruct that, and let us know what North American organic growth looks like in 2013 based on your guidance? And then what the same-store sales growth rate and ECP is looking like?
John S. Quinn: Sure. The -- let me put it in a perspective for you. Last year, parking services in North America was 3.6% and the ECP on a full year basis was a little over 50% waiver part of the organic growth. And in Q4, ECP was around 34% organic, which of 19% was same store. So what we're thinking is, ECP has got the benefit of all the locations that we opened last year. We're going to take a little bit of a breather there, make sure those are integrated, all the new managers are firing on all cylinders. We understand the crash business, and that they're trained up on that and then we'll take a look at that in Q -- probably in Q2 we'll start looking at it again to see if we get some new locations open for 2014. Rob can speak to that in a second. In terms of the North American business, our expectation is that if we get to some kind of normalized weather -- and last year, we had very mild Q1 and very dry summer -- we think that those things probably would have been a big drag on our organic growth. If we see the miles driven continue to improve [indiscernible] driving a little bit more, we would expect the North American business to do a little bit better than it did last year on the organic side.
Robert L. Wagman: Just add a little color in the U.K. We're still standing by our projections of 150 to 175 what we call, Tier 1 ECP locations and an additional 25 or so, Tier 2, the smaller or remote markets. With the 12 we did in Q4 originally scheduled for 2013 so we pushed them in 2012. So as John said, we're going to reevaluate this in Q2, but I would expect if we feel comfortable, we'll add another 10 in 2013 to fill up the 242, again, with still some growth for 2014 and '15 as well.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do have a same-store sales metric for ECP?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it was around 19% in Q4. They're taking market share.
John S. Quinn: Absolutely.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just as a follow-up, the way we calculate organic growth, I think is similar exactly how you do it, we think ECP adds 3 to 4 percentage points to growth in 2013, which would imply that your North American business is growing at a slower pace. Any -- is that the right way to look at it? And if so, why would North America growth rates have slowed?
Robert L. Wagman: I'm not -- maybe we can get it on the call afterwards to see how your math is. I'm not sure. If you look at the top end of our guidance, it would be easier numbers. I think you still see an expansion of our growth for North America.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: We see expansion just to slow down. Maybe we'll take it offline. The next question I have is just in terms of the acquired revenue in Q4, can you quantify it? And then did you do any deals in Q1 that you could quantify as well?
John S. Quinn: I do have that, let me just grab it for a second. So the expected revenue as of Q4 acquisitions on an annualized basis is about $150 million, but we already recorded some of that in Q4. So if you're trying to model it, I would use somewhere between $20 million and $25 million order incremental revenue in Q1.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Does that mean you had over $50 million in Q4?
John S. Quinn: It would be about $16 million in Q4.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: 16, okay. And then Q1, did you do any deals that you haven't -- that you can quantify for us?
Robert L. Wagman: The other one, we've announced the [indiscernible]. It is 20 to 25 years [indiscernible], including that one.
John S. Quinn: Craig, if I could just go back to your question about the deceleration that we saw on 2012, I do want to comment on that. Obviously, I think it's a bad news, good news story. 2012, of course, we had no winter. We did talk about that. The Asian carpark in our collision business does work a little bit against us as these cars get older. We're now at 11 years old. People tend to carry less insurance. The cars are more likely to total as it gets older, of course. And quite frankly, the parts we sell for older cars tend to be a little bit lower priced. Miles driven in December were down 3%, just in December. Year-over-year, it was just up 0.3%, so we saw that as a little bit of a headwind as well. Fuel, obviously increasing, obviously, creates a little bit of drag. And unemployment remains stubbornly high. And I think those are the bad news for 2012. I think the good news for 2013 is that the SAR [ph] rate is increasing. In January, it was at 15.3 million. I just saw our report this morning projecting February to be 15.7 million. So that means a lot of late-model cars, which will reduce the aging carpark, and also those late-model cars all carry full insurance so we see that as a positive for 2013. The options are strong, obviously as a result of Sandy, I think, pumping in quite a few cars into the mix, but again allowing us to buy more cars. And finally, our certification programs really just incredible growth. Year-over-year increase in certified programs in 14%. So we see a lot of good tailwinds coming in 2013.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question would be on in the interest margin [indiscernible] you expect the amount [indiscernible].
Robert L. Wagman: John, you're -- sounds like you're on a cell. It's very faint. But I think your question was, do we expect any margin impact on the Q4 acquisitions? Once we get them fully integrated, we expect to be more or less in line with the corporate averages. When you look what they are, they're aftermarket businesses, salvage businesses, the truck, so forth, everything tends to run. It's a good mix of the businesses we currently have. So it'll take a quarter or two to get those integrated, but then we expect them to be more or less with our run rate.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And in terms of the cars coming in from Hurricane Sandy, do you anticipate most of that still ahead of us? And what are you thinking in terms of the quality of the reusable parts, and, potentially, the pricing of those vehicles?
John S. Quinn: John, they are starting to really start to flow through now. There's a general lag of about 60 days before the title starts coming in. This was a little bit slower because people's houses were destroyed, and I think that became a priority. We really see no real impact to our business model. These are flood damaged cars. Saltwater is the worst for parts because it gets in the electrical systems, so they really don't make good parts cars. They actually do a lot of rebuilders on that, which is unfortunate for the buyers, perhaps, but the eventual buyer of that car. But the volume is projected to be around 250,000 cars. We did purchase about 5,000 cars direct from insurance companies and from other sources, so we did bring some cars in direct. Most of those cars will be stripped down for certain parts and stay away from the -- obviously, the motor and transmission because the saltwater does a lot of damage. The benefit to us, though, the availability in that particular market, basically that New England corridor down into the Mid-Atlantic, there was such a high availability of salvage. A lot of our competitors are focusing on the builder side of it, which is opening up some really great opportunities from the collision cars, that are of course, still happening since Sandy impacted us. So we actually see this as a slight uptick for us, but the flood cars themselves, we generally stay away from, on a saltwater flood.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And if I can sneak one more in here. With the delay in tax refunds this year, have you seen any incremental volume at the self-service lots, potentially customers trading down?
Robert L. Wagman: Interesting. Our admissions -- we track our admissions [indiscernible] and they're pretty steady, so really no major impact there at all.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to -- sorry to go back to this on your North American organic growth rate a little bit. And I know that there's maybe more math to do, and we can take it offline. Just in terms of conceptually, Rob, you gave some of the puts and takes in terms of the positives in mind and negatives. But I mean, again, with the easy comps, and, obviously, the APU rate going up and all the positives that you do have, and I get there's still a headwind, unemployment, miles driven, but with that I would think that you would have been kind of in the North American side still within your historical, I don't know, maybe the mid single-digit growth range. Is there just a little bit of conservatism, do you think, in that North American range being -- again, if you assumed just roughly 3% for ECP that would imply maybe 2.5 to 4.5 for the North American side, which again still feels a little bit low, but is that kind of a little bit of embedded conservatism? If you could just talk about that a little bit, I'd appreciate it.
Robert L. Wagman: Nate, we are working off of a much bigger base now, and, quite frankly, [indiscernible] log large numbers. Let me talk a little bit about the weather that we faced this year versus last year. It really is a story of extremes. Last year, we had no winter, as we all know, but this year it's just been -- I use the New England as an example. Prior to the blizzard that hit in New England, they were well below year-over-year comps for normal snowfall, and in 24 hours, they got 30 inches of snow which put them over-the-top. The problem of that is it shut down New England for about 4 days. Nobody was driving. In fact, I believe, the governor ordered people off the roads before the storm actually hit. Kansas is another example. Blizzard hit there last week, and, again, everyone was off the road. They were told to stay home. We certainly believe that the weather has been better this year than last year. We'll take certainly, what we are today versus last year. Really it's a story of large numbers now. We hope that the normalized winter will provide an opportunity to increase the same-store sales growth in North America. But the reason why we went with 5.5 to 7.5 was just because of a bigger number.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then in terms of, obviously, the facility costs were up a little bit, and part of that is the expansion from ECP. And I know part of that is building out some of the larger facilities here in North America. Could you talk about a little bit just where you are? I mean you talk about adding 10 more for ECP, but where you are in terms of the expansion in North America in that category, and whether maybe we'd see a little bit of leverage this year, whether there's still investment going on?
John S. Quinn: I'll start, then maybe Rob [indiscernible]. Basically, the infrastructure is built. As we grow, though, we do find that, as leases come up, we tend to try to buy these larger locations [indiscernible] so growth or higher, highest footprint. And so we've budgeted to add a number of the locations, add additional wares and capacity. But you're right, we would hope that with -- if the volumes come up, rebounding off of last year that we should leverage in that area.
Robert L. Wagman: I think John covered it. But certainly, in terms of the acquisitions and the pipeline where we sit today, we think there's plenty of opportunity still here in North America to keep growing the business and in the U.K, as well. So mentioned in our scripts, Nate, that the continent, we are still doing our research on the continent. And we expect to look for possible expansions there as well.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just final question. Rob, you talked about signing up, I think you said maybe 8 carriers in the U.K. on the collision side. Is that kind of brand new in terms of those relationships? And I assume that you're referring to insurance carriers. That was obviously one of the things, as you talked about, you continue to work through and could be one of the big potential upsides over the next couple of years if they really aggressively adapt that. Can you just explain that a little bit further in terms of where you're at and maybe in terms of those 8 carriers, whether they're just small guys are just starting or whether there were any of the big guys. If you could give us a little more color?
Robert L. Wagman: We started this a year ago, as you know. It'll be a year ago next month. We're been very pleased with what we've been able to do. The APU usage in the U.K. is circa 5% versus 37%, 38% here in the United States. So we certainly believe there's a great growth opportunity. Those 8 carriers are small, medium and large carriers. They are all in pilot stage, Nate. We haven't got a full rollout yet. They've got to walk before we run. We knew this was going to be a marathon, not a sprint. But we're very encouraged, great relationships with the carriers. And those MSOs are working with the carriers -- insurance carriers to be clear. Those are insurance companies, starting to push our product types into the system. The Autoclimate was done exactly for that purpose. They already had those relationships with insurance companies on the cooling products so the Autoclimate will leverage those relationships even deeper. So we're very encouraged with what we have. As I mentioned, we had seen double-digit growth and we don't see that ending anytime soon, quite frankly.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Scott Stember of Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I understand you guys do not give detailed line-by-line guidance for '13, but just looking at the bottom line range and assuming pretty nice ramp up in margin recovery, could you maybe just talk about on a high level what some of the buckets will be that will be driving that now, particularly with the lower margin ECP business being fully integrated?
John S. Quinn: There are a couple of things. And we have seen some improvement in the cost of sold associated with the salvage business. That takes a while to come through the income statement. We talked a little bit about the fact that, sequentially, in Q4 we saw the margins go up and that was primarily driven by the late-model business in North America. That's one aspect. We talked a minute ago on -- it was Nate's call question with respect to the leverage. We would hope to get some leverage at this -- the bond steps back in North America again, putting more products through the same pipeline. We hope to get some leverage out of there, as well. We are continuing to look at our pricing programs. And I know we've been talking about this for some time. And we're starting to see a little bit of traction on that in the aftermarket. And we made some fairly decent progress on the salvage business over the last couple of years and starting to a little bit of traction on the aftermarket and potentially that could improve some things as well. And we did a lot of acquisitions last year when Nate asked about facilities. As we bring those facilities, where there's duplicate locations in, we should be able to get a little bit of leverage out of the portfolio on those as well.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And then just last question. Just following up, Rob, about the trends that you've seen up like in with weather up in the Northeast, outside of that with some of the other snowfall that we've seen throughout the country, can you talk about how that's trending to your business right now?
Robert L. Wagman: Obviously, Scott, our guidance includes what we've seen in January and February thus far. We expect, hopefully, we have another month of inclement weather coming our way. We obviously prefer smaller storms and businesses that shutdown, kind of shutdown the entire motoring public. But we expect certainly to see hopefully normalized condition rather than these extreme storms. If we get that, we expect to be obviously in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most of the questions have been answered. But, Rob, with these pilots that you're having in the U.K., is that for collision and mechanical and aftermarket and salvage parts?
Robert L. Wagman: Mainly just coalition aftermarket. As you know, Gary, we don't have salvage products yet in the U.K. This would just be aftermarket collision parts. Insurance carriers do write some hard parts, so that is falling into that line of business. And that's where the Autoclimate actually comes in with the cooling product, so mainly focused on collision aftermarket today.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So there's no salvage parts right now in the U.K. but that would be, obviously, an obvious step in the future if this gets adopted?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely on our radar and 100% correct.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of your accelerated 10 of these branch openings for Euro Car Q4, you pulled them from this year, back in the last year, was that contemplated at the end of Q3 in the guidance that you gave for Q4 and year end?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we announced that on the Q3 call. That was our intention. It was in the guidance, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Could you tell us what your average price that you paid for the wholesale cars in Q4, and what that was a year ago?
Robert L. Wagman: In Q4 2012, it was around 1800, and a year ago, Q4, it was about 1890.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: 1800 versus 1890?
John S. Quinn: Right. It dropped about 5%.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Anything to call out in terms of price trends of the parts that you're selling? Any actions by the OEMs, perhaps, the competitive actions, that might either squeeze or expand margins going forward?
Robert L. Wagman: Not really. They tend to increase prices by 1% to 2% a year. Some product, older product equipment, they might actually drop it, some of it increase. But on average on our product mix, we look at our product mix, it seems to be 1% or 2% per year and obviously we try to match that.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then finally, you mentioned you're closing an aluminum smelter and that's going to reduce revenues by about $10 million per quarter. I was wondering if you could just kind of flesh out why you're closing that smelter, what's the thought process behind that and what are you going to do now with those aluminum wheels that are no longer being smelted in that facility?
Robert L. Wagman: They were buying some product on the open market. [indiscernible] We've gotten -- we made some systems changes. We've made [indiscernible] cores a little bit better, the higher value cores, and identified them little bit better. We have two of these facilities. We just added another shift to the other one to handle the volume. The other one is actually more efficient anyway. And so we think we'll still have sufficient cores for our own business. This is really -- we're going to try to avoid buying cores that we don't need that we were just melting down [indiscernible] low margin. We don't really anticipate much of a margin in error, operating impact.
John S. Quinn: It's more of a playbill just to get out of the open market of having to buy on the market. Now we can supply it internally and not have to worry about fluctuations in the price that cause us that margin erosion.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: So in other words, with 2 smelters -- your basically had more capacity than your system needed and so you're just buying open market parts to, basically, to utilize the capacity?
John S. Quinn: That's correct. The volume we needed to feed our remand operations is being satisfied by the one operation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line John Lawrence from Stevens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you talk about the environment itself to mild winters? You look at acquisition candidates, what's the profile, anything changed there as you look at that group of companies to buy?
Robert L. Wagman: The pipeline, John, it's surprisingly still active. We know we had a little bit of a rush in Q4 because of the pending tax consequences, but our pipeline is as active as it's ever been still, in North America. And now, we're starting to see opportunities over in the continent of Europe. Our strategy is going to be the same here. We'll continue to do the aftermarket tuck-ins. For self-serve, really just filling geographic holes with both acquisitions and greenfields. HD, I announced that we did some strategic tuck-ins already in terms of cooling. We'll continue that. We still have plenty of growth opportunity in the HD. European, the landscape I said, we've been spending a year over there just learning the landscape, learning the laws. We now feel comfortable that with ECP firmly under our belt we're pretty -- we're more receptive actually to looking at opportunities now in Europe. And I'll just point to one full-service like Miami. A year ago, in South Florida, we had nothing, and now we've really filled out that market very nicely. So we'll continue to look on the full serve, just really strategic tuck-ins. Los Angeles is still one that really bothers me when I look at our map. We have 1 location, Southern California. I think we can do a lot more there, so plenty of opportunities still in North America as well.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Lastly, on that, as you look at those, the pro formas don't change, it's still the same returns that we saw 2 or 3 years ago as we look at those potential acquisitions.
John S. Quinn: I think that right, John. I think some of the yards that we're seeing are possibly a little bit stressed, but we pay less for them.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And you get that same return based on facility closures and combinations in that?
John S. Quinn: Exactly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time for question-and-answer session today. I will now turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Rob. I just want to thank everyone for joining the call today, and we look forward to speaking to you in a couple of months to report our Q1 earnings. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our third quarter 2012 financial results and updated our full year 2012 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share of $0.18 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012 increased 5.9% from $0.17 for the third quarter of 2011. As noted in our press release, the third quarter 2012 diluted earnings per share included a charge equal to $0.01 for a change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and for restructuring and acquisition related expenses. Without this charge, our EPS would have been $0.19, an increase of 12% over the same period last year. Revenue for the quarter was $1.02 billion, an increase of 29.7%, as compared to $783.9 million in the third quarter of 2011. I am pleased to say that we achieved this year-over-year revenue growth with one less operating day compared to the third quarter of 2011, and that this revenue reflects the second highest quarterly revenue achieved by LKQ, second only to Q1 2012. During the quarter, we achieved 5.6% organic growth for parts and services and 1.6% total organic revenue growth. Revenue growth from acquisitions was 28.2% in the quarter. After adjusting our revenue results for one less selling day in the third quarter, organic revenue growth for parts and services would have been approximately 7%. I'd like to highlight that our positive total organic growth was accomplished during a period of continued deterioration in scrap prices. The organic growth in our other revenue category for the quarter was negative 18%, primarily driven by the pricing pressures we face in the scrap market. I am also pleased with the organic growth for parts and services in the quarter, given that during this period, net losses and loss adjustment expenses from catastrophes were down over 50% year-over-year according to insurance industry sources. The continued growth in organic parts and service revenue in 2012 is also a result of the combination of the increased use of alternative parts by insurers and a direct program networks to reduce claims costs, and our continued success of gaining market share from the competition. As mentioned on previous calls, we were confident that the historical trend of 100 basis point improvement in alternative part usage would continue in 2012. And today, I am pleased to announce that, that goal was achieved through the end of the third quarter. According to CCC Information Services, APU now stands at 38%. Next, I'd like to share some operational statistics. During the third quarter, we purchased over 60,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 5% increase over Q3, 2011. As for volume at the auctions, supply remains strong throughout Q3 and continues to meet our needs early in Q4. With inventory already on hand, and the continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we have a sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. Now turning to our self service retail businesses. During the quarter, we acquired over 106,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, as compared to 90,000 in Q3 of 2011, which is an 18% increase year-over-year. I'd like to mention that we are starting to see some more pricing relief at the auctions. During the quarter, we witnessed a 5% and a 15% sequential drop in the cost of our wholesale salvage and self-service vehicles, respectively. Please note that part of that cost reduction is related to scrap pricing pressure we faced in the quarter. Despite that correlation, I am encouraged by the reduction in the Manheim Index and the increased SAR [ph] rate, which we believe will take some additional pricing pressure off of our auction procurement efforts. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the third quarter, we purchased roughly 2,100 units for resale or parts, as compared to 1,600 in Q3 2011, which is a 31% increase year-over-year. Turning to Euro Car Parts. We continue to be impressed with the performance of Euro Car Parts and its ability to capture market share and open new store branches. In Q3, Euro Car Parts achieved organic revenue growth of 28% versus a comparable pre-acquisition period. During the quarter, we opened 10 new branches in the U.K., bringing our total branch count to 120. Since the acquisition of ECP in early October 2011, we have opened 31 branches, surpassing the target number of 30, I mentioned on the last call. Given that market conditions in the U.K., combined with the continued success of ECP, we have approved an additional 12 new branch openings for the fourth quarter bringing our total target to 132 branches by year-end. I would also like to update everyone on our collision parts program in the U.K. that we initiated back in late March. During the quarter, we witnessed strong double-digit year-over-year growth with our collision part sales at ECP. And I expect this trend to continue into the fourth quarter, based on the numbers we're seeing for early October. Although these numbers are off of a small base, we are encouraged by the acceptance of alternative collision parts in the U.K., and the accelerated interest and continued dialogue we are witnessing with U.K.-based insurance carriers. Clearly, the continuation of this trend bodes well for ECP's collision part sales as we prepare for 2013. Lastly on operations. On October 2, the company announced the new Phase 1 technology integration with Mitchell and their RepairCenter ToolStore technology platform, and our proprietary electronic ordering system, LKQ InTouch. This two-way integration provides shops with greater procurement efficiencies by enabling real-time access to our vast inventory of aftermarket and salvage parts. Parts look-up and ordering, which previously required multiple steps and was time-consuming, has now been simplified and streamlined into a workflow process that enables shops the ability with one keystroke to place an order with LKQ via Mitchell's RepairCenter workspace on a real-time basis. This technology advancement is a good illustration of our state-of-the-art operations and our commitment to utilize technology to improve our business. Now moving to acquisitions. During the quarter, we acquired 2 companies. One that operates 2 self-service yards, 1 full-service yard and a scrap recycling business in South Florida, and one that operates a wholesale salvage yard and aftermarket parts distributor in Missouri. In addition to these 2 acquisitions, in early October, we acquired 2 Canadian companies: Pro Auto Body Parts and BMC Auto Body Parts. Pro Body Parts operates 12 aftermarket parts distribution locations in 7 Canadian provinces, Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Ontario and Saskatchewan. BMC Auto Body Parts operates 3 aftermarket price distributions in Québec. These 2 acquisitions have strategically enabled us to serve our customers across all of Canada with our aftermarket product lines. We continue to see attractive acquisition candidates across all of our regions in North America. And I believe our pipeline will support our plan to put additional facilities in key underserved markets. We continue to explore additional product line acquisitions to add to our domestic footprint and product offerings, while simultaneously prospecting other international markets beyond the U.K. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. One item of note, we did split the stock during the quarter, so references to earnings per share are on a split adjusted basis. Starting with revenue. This is our third consecutive quarter recording revenue in excess of $1 billion. Revenue in Q3 was $1,017,000,000, representing a 29.7% growth over the third quarter of last year. Acquisitions drove 28.2% of the growth representing $221 million. Our total organic growth was 1.6%, and parts and services organic growth was 5.6%. Parts and service growth number includes revenue associated with the new branches opened by ECP since our acquisition, and that added 230 basis points to the growth. Revenue for ECP was $181 million for the quarter, and while we didn't own ECP in Q3 of last year, we believe ECP grew 28% over the same quarter last year, when they achieved sales of $142 million. Partially offsetting the growth in parts and services was a negative organic revenue change in 17.8% in other revenue. This drop equates to a decline in other revenue of $24 million. Other revenues are where we record scrap and cores sales. This negative organic growth was primarily driven by a falling scrap prices, particularly scrap steel. We also had a delay in recognizing, approximately, $6 million of precious metals revenue, which I'll address in a moment. Total growth credit revenue was positive 1.8% due to acquisitions, slightly more than offsetting the falling scrap pricing. The impact to revenue from foreign exchange was de minimis, but I will remind listeners that beginning in Q4 2012, this number may be a little more volatile with the larger base of foreign revenue coming into play now that we've reached the anniversary of the acquisition of ECP. In Q3 2012, revenue for our self-service business was $89.2 million, or 8.8% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 36% of this revenue was parts sales, included in recycled and related products, and 64% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin was $410 million or 40.3% of revenue. For the same quarter last year, we reported a gross margin of 42.6%, so we witnessed a decline of 230 basis points. While we note the decline in our gross margin, it's probably worth pointing out that our gross margin dollars grew $75 million for 23% improvement year-over-year. There are a number of things that impacted the gross margin percentage. As we anticipate in the Q2 earnings call, the largest impact is due to lower scrap and core prices, which we estimate to be approximately 100 basis points. We also mentioned last quarter that through an acquisition, we begin processing additional precious metals ourselves, as we try to prove -- improve the yields from our scrap cars, but that acquisition decreased our gross margin percentage. We estimate the impact of margins due to acquisitions was 40 basis points negative. We incurred an increase in warranty cost of 40 basis points and we had fewer cars under our share disposal and crush-only contracts, which tend to be higher margin, and that added a further 30 basis points to the decline. The balance of the margin change relates to a number of small items including mix. Our combined cost for facility and warehouse, distribution and SG&A expenses were 29.6% of revenue in Q3 2012, compared to 29.8% in Q3 2011. Rob and I are pleased to see that we appear to begin to getting into better leverage out of these cost again, as our parts and services revenue grows. These cost fell as a percentage of revenue despite the drop in commodity revenue from 17.1% of revenue in Q3 last year to only 13.4% this year. As you'll appreciate, our other revenue category, which was predominantly scrap and core sales, requires little support in the way of these costs. Facility and warehouse cost were 8.5% of revenue, compared to 9.2% in Q3 of last year. This decrease is primarily due to adding ECP, which has a lesser amount of facility and warehouse expenses than our North American operations. Distribution costs were 9.2% this quarter, compared to 8.7% in the same quarter last year. ECP drove 30 basis points of this increase and we saw a 20 basis point increase in North America. Selling and G&A expenses were 11.9% of revenue in Q3 this year and last year. ECP drove a 20 percentage -- excuse me, 20 basis point higher, which we offset in North America, partially through the reduced incentive compensation cost. During the quarter, we recorded $116,000 of restructuring and acquisition related expenses, as compared to $2.9 million of these costs last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter increased $4.4 million to $16.7 million primarily as a result of acquisitions. The amortization of intangibles and depreciation associated with ECP was the primary driver of the increase. Net interest expense of $8 million, was $3.1 million higher than the same quarter last year. The increase is mainly due to our higher debt levels as we've been funding our acquisitions out of free cash flow and debt. Our effective borrowing rate on our bank debt was 3.1% in Q3 2012, and was essentially flat to the prior year. We are showing an expense related to the change in continued consideration liabilities of $1.9 million. This is primarily accretion on the liabilities we've recorded. Our tax rate for the quarter was 35.1%, compared to 38.5% in Q3 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower foreign tax rates, as we earn more income offshore. In addition, we recorded $1.3 million of discreet tax adjustments, primarily as a result of the reduction in the U.K. corporate income tax rate. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.18 in Q3 2012, compared to $0.17 in Q3 2011, an increase of $0.01 or 6%. In Q3 this year, we have an adjustment to contingent purchase price to reduce earnings per share by $0.01. Last year, Q3 included a similar dollar amount of restructuring cost, but due to rounding would not have changed the EPS reported figure of $0.17. And as we've mentioned, in Q3 2011, we had little -- excuse me, in Q3 2011 we had little impact from changes to scrap and core prices. Whereas this year, we were negatively impacted by approximately $0.02. A few comments on the 9 months year-to-date cash flow and uses of cash. Cash flow from operations for the first 9 months of 2012 was $182 million, compared to $159 million in 2011, so an improvement of $23 million. Year-to-date EBITDA improved to $76 million, but we had $27 million higher cash taxes in 2012, and an increase in cash interest payments of $5 million. Higher outflows associated with incentive compensation, prepaid insurance, and other working capital items account for the balance of the change. Year-to-date, we spent $61 million on capital expenditures, we've also incurred $133 million on acquisitions, of which $13 million was in the third quarter. At September 30, 2012, we had $982 million of debt, and cash and cash equivalents for $69 million. These figures comparing the $956 million of debt and the $48 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2011. Availability under our credit facility at quarter end was $483 million, after taking into account letters of credits drawn against it. With the cash of $69 million in the balance sheet, our total availability was $552 million. At quarter end, our bank debt was 68% fixed and 32% floating. And turning to guidance. It's been our long-standing practice our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transaction costs or gains and losses, contingent purchase price adjustments, capital expenditures or cash flow associated with the acquisitions. I note that we have been, and continue to include the legal settlements we've spoke of in Q1 and Q2 in our guidance. We increased our guidance for organic revenue growth for parts and services from a range of 5.5% to 7%, to a new range of 6% to 7%. Year-to-date, we are at 5.1% organic growth but there are a number of factors that should increase that rate in Q4. Following that in Q4 2012, we have one additional day over Q4 2011. In Q4, we're going to start recording all of ECP's growth as organic. And at this point, we're assuming a more normal weather pattern than we had in Q1 this year, along with an increase in miles driven. Our revised income for net income is $265 million to $272 million, which equates to $0.88 to $0.91 diluted earnings per share, and we revised our estimated cash flow from operations to $240 million to $270 million. As I mentioned earlier, our capital spending through 9 months was $61 million, so we've reduced our capital spending guidance from $100 million to $115 million range to a new range of $90 million to $100 million. I realized there's a lot happening in the gross margin numbers this quarter, and some listeners are going to try to understand how these items we've called out will impact Q4, so I'll give you a little color on the things we see today, which obviously could change in the next 2.5 months, but hopefully give you a sense of what we're seeing. Scrap prices remain volatile. At the moment, they continue to be a drag on the business. We saw scrap prices fall in Q3, and we've seen them fall again in October. If nothing else changes, we'd expect to have at least $0.01 of unfavorable impact in our Q4 results from scrap, because of the lag between the time we buy cars and the time we scrap them. We have seen a drop in the cost of the cars at auction and in the self-serve business. Some of that improvement has unfortunately been offset by the lower scrap. But notwithstanding, we are expecting to see improvements in the recycled line of business of gross margins over the next few quarters. It isn't clear if that will begin to materialize in Q4 this year or early 2013, but the trend does appear to be favorable. On the cash flow side, Rob mentioned that we're targeting to open up an additional 12 new ECP branches in Q4 2012, in addition to the 31 we've already completed since acquisition. We'll also be looking to increase our volume of vehicles in the North American segment. Depending on how successful we are, both of these events could lead us to have higher inventory levels than we currently expect, which would obviously negatively impact our cash flow, which should leave us in good shape as we enter the busy Q1 2013 season. I guess it is fair to say the way that Rob and I have been doing, the revised guidance is as follows: Since June, we've seen a steady erosion in commodity prices, which has continued through October. We reported that a drop negatively impacted our diluted earnings per share by $0.01 in Q2, $0.02 in Q3, and we could have a further impact of $0.01 in Q4. With that kind of a headwind, we felt the top end of the guidance range was less likely. The updated guidance reflect that reality as it impacts earnings and operating cash flow. And working capital could fluctuate in Q4 depending on the timing in inventory builds. But with lower capital spending and strong liquidity, we remain in good position to execute our strategy. And finally, we'd believe the fundamentals of the business remain strong. As Rob mentioned, the alternative part usage, statistics continue to improve. We continue to experience good organic growth and the business continues to diversify into markets that have great growth opportunities. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Rob to summarize before we open to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. As we enter the last quarter of 2012 and prepare for 2013, our outlook continues to be positive. I'm encouraged by the trends in miles driven, the continued growth in APU, the recent reduction in vehicle pricing at auctions, the strength of Euro Car Parts and the robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities we are witnessing. Every day, our group of over 19,000 team members endeavor to overcome the short-term variables that are out of our control by tackling opportunities to drive organic sales, continuously promoting the use of alternative parts, aggressively pursuing market share gains and implementing operational efficiencies to enhance the productivity of our organization and our customers that ultimately, will reward our stockholders now and over the long term. And with that, Christine, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Hey, I wanted to talk a couple of things. First on ECP, I mean, obviously that business continues to really put up solid and awesome growth. I was wondering is that kind of indicative -- just of some competitive weakness over there, still in terms of market share gains or is it really blocking and tackling and adding more products?
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's probably a combination of both, Nate, to be honest. There are some -- our competitors are seeing some struggling times for them, and we are capitalizing on that. But I really believe that the growth has a lot to do with our expansion of those stores. We've been able to go after national customers now, aggressively going after the collisions part side of the business too. So I think it's more operational, but clearly there is a component -- have to do with the struggling competitors. But I think our strategy and the extra 12 stores will further cement that and continue the growth into 2013 and beyond.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And maybe just hitting on that point too, obviously, looks like there's some acceptance just from the general marketplace on the collision repair, how are the discussions progressing with the insurance carriers, do you feel like sometime in the next 12 months that we could get some clarity on how they're going to look going forward?
Robert L. Wagman: I think that's the right time frame, 12 months. We've launched that. This is a marathon, not a sprint, and that's proven to be true. We are trying to create an industry over there, to be honest. So the meetings have been very productive -- very receptive, and our plan is that we can get a couple of carriers to jump on board. We believe there will be a snowball rolling down the hill. We'll gather some steam. So that's the plan and I think in 12 -- within 12 months, Nate, we should have a very good idea where we stand.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just one last question and I'll turn it over. But, obviously -- congratulations on getting the system tie-in there with Mitchell. How -- I mean, from a competitive standpoint, that seems to be a big differentiator for you and a really good tie-in to a lot of your end customers there. How are you guys viewing that, in terms of potential gains that you could ultimately get out of that?
Robert L. Wagman: It's a 2 stage process, Nate. This is Stage 1, Phase 1. Just a couple of key components to the program, I think are worth highlighting. It's real-time data now. Previously, our inventory was given to them on a disk, which was 30 days out. So real-time data is pretty powerful. We're getting both salvaging and aftermarket parts shown, and not just by plant but by region, so they'll see our entire regional database, that will allow the shop to take advantage of the distribution networks that we have in place. Of course, with the 1 keystroke to order a part, that's pretty powerful, but I believe the best part of it, it's 24/7. So the shop can go on, on Saturdays and Sundays and run this process. That's Phase 1 and that's completed. Phase 2, I think, is going to be the ultimate real test of the program, where it's actually fully integrated into the estimating system, where the shop won't have to move out of one screen at all. So it will be fully integrated. We're being told, probably at the earliest, it's 6 months to get that level of it done. I think at that point, that's when we're really going to be able to gauge the true power of what the potential uptick on this thing is. But clearly, we're moving in the right direction with the technology and initial feedback from the body shops is that they are more than willing to do this, if it's effective. So I think this will be the first test and in 6 months we'll have a really good idea of where this thing can go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you take a -- if you look at ECP overall, and you just look out for the next 12 to 18 months as it -- obviously, the entrance has been very successful, how do you look at allocating CapEx dollars? Obviously, you're doing that with some more stores, but longer term, that marketplace -- the viability to spend more capital over there?
Robert L. Wagman: I'll start off and John, feel free to jump on it after. But, Nate -- John, when you said that we believe the total store count is going to be somewhere around 150 to 175. We believe that number is still to be true. And in fact, we may actually be able to go a little bit above 175, with those satellite stores to feed the more remote areas. So the CapEx's planning, we continue to grow and use the capital to expand in the U.K. We're also looking, obviously, at acquisitions over there as well, to help supplement what we've done in the U.K. already. So there's likely to be a little bit more CapEx coming down the road in 2013 and '14.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: All right. And secondly, if you look at opportunities in the U.S -- coming into the tax year, are you seeing that pipeline continue to be as robust? And prices, what do you see with pricing and how badly people want to maybe move out?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. John announced today was a 2 in the quarter and 2 we announced that actually happened in early Q4. We've announced 15 deals and just looking at the pipeline, I feel very confident that we're going to be able to beat 2011's 21 acquisitions. So the pipeline is as robust as we've ever seen it. And quite frankly, we believe it's going to carry into 2013. Pretty much across all of our product lines, we're seeing a lot of activity. I'll just touch on those quickly. For the aftermarket, with the Canadian acquisition that we announced today, we're pretty much done in Canada with aftermarket. So we'll look at strategic tuck ins, again, paint, cooling accessory businesses, now across the United States and Canada. For self service, we're still looking to fill in holes in geography. On previous calls, I announced that we were working on 3 greenfields, those have all become live, 1 in Milwaukee, 1 in Oklahoma City and 1 in Charlotte. And we have now approved 3 more greenfields in the process. So that's going to be the strategy going forward there. HD again, continue to search for strategic locations. The key there is looking for access to good distribution routes to be able to move the product. Europe, as I mentioned, we're still in exploratory mode and on the continent, but again looking for more opportunities in the U.K. as well. And finally full serve, greenfield in the Western Canada. We announced a greenfield up in Alberta. And, again, looking for strategic geography deals, much like the one I announced today in South Florida, that was a key market we were missing. So we believe there's still a lot of market opportunities here in the United States and Canada as well.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And just for housekeeping, John, what was the revenue run rate for those that you announced today?
John S. Quinn: Sure. The acquired revenue was about $15 million trailing, and a little bit under $2 million was actually booked in Q3 related to those acquisitions.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: $2 million in Q3 and $15 million annual?
John S. Quinn: Yes, that was the start of the run rate. Obviously, we're going to try to grow that. John, that was just the Q3 acquisition, it does not include the Q4 items. Just 3Q.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: John, if I could just follow up then, what was the revenue contribution from the acquisitions acquired this quarter?
John S. Quinn: I don't think we're ready to call that out just yet, Craig. We're still working through a few of the things and they're not entirely on our system yet. We're going to be integrating that in the next 90 days.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. And then to follow up on the Mitchell question. Rob, can you remind us where you're at with respect to other estimate service providers and sort of in the context of which phase you're at with respect to integration?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Greg. We are working with the other 2 estimating companies on similar products, to be able to do that and those are continuing. We, hopefully, will be launching something within the next quarter or Q1 at the latest, with the other -- with at least one of the other estimating companies.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then, John, back to you. On ECP, tremendous growth. Is there any way to put it into buckets? I would imagine you've got new stores. You've got same-store sales growth. You've got the impact from adding collision, SKUs, trying to just get a feel for what the overall growth is based on those buckets?
John S. Quinn: Yes, collision is still very small dollars, it's growing though, probably 50% faster than the base business. In terms of the total, what you might think of as a same-store sales, we don't have a good number of that because we don't have the good data before we acquired them, and they have been opening stores prior to our acquisition. I did indicate that there's about 230 basis points contribution from the locations we've opened, since we've acquired them though, contributing to our total parts and services organic growth.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's a helpful metric. And as we go forward and try to model your overall organic growth, should we anticipate something like that, 230 basis point lift in future quarters, related to ECP?
John S. Quinn: We've been very aggressive to opening the locations. This is the second time, I think we've raised the target for 2012. I don't know where we're going to go yet in 2013. I guess we're not ready to announce that, but obviously these are going to -- they take about 3 years to come to full maturation. So obviously, opening stores in Q4 this year are going to give us a fairly good tailwind going into Q1 next year.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And lastly, sorry, if I missed this. Did you comment at all on the trends you're seeing so far on October?
Robert L. Wagman: We have not, Craig. Glad to give you an update on that. Really, with the exception of the scrap, as we mentioned, was likely to cause a $0.01, based on today's rates. Business is in range of our plan for October, so we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. Of course, ECP continues to be right on target where we slightly exceeding in many cases. But the most encouraging thing that we're seeing in October, again, is the maintaining of our cost improvements in terms of salvage and self-service acquisition costs. So the wild card for Q4 is scrap right now for us. But other than that, we're pretty pleased.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I have a quick questions on -- and one of the Rhode Island precious metals recovery business, do you have a feeling for what the -- sort of the rollout that going from a 40 bp by gross margin lag to becoming neutral than ultimately contributing, sort of how does that timeframe look?
John S. Quinn: The base business is processing commodities. So it -- in terms of that, the 40 basis points, until we anniversary, we're going to continue to see that being the drag, quite frankly. Well, the reason we bought that business was we were trying to get a little bit more out of each car and the precious metals, particularly the catalytic converters. We had been selling the catalytic converters to third parties who were removing the platinum, rhodium, et cetera. So we're going to internalize that, and I mentioned a little bit that the -- we had a delay because as we start processing them ourselves, there's a revenue recognition delay. It doesn't really impact the gross margin percentage per se, because you consider scrap just part of the overall gross margins. So in Q3, there's a slight delay, probably it rounds to $0.01 in terms of gross margin dollars that were missing because of the delay in terms of that processing. So that will come back. Ultimately, we're hoping to get a little bit of extra margin out of each car. And we're processing close to 160,000, 170,000 cars a quarter right now. So our thinking is, that even if we can get, $1 or $2 more per catalytic converter over time, that is accretive to the margins, but I don't know if you'll see it popping out, as I think it will call out per se. Does that make any sense, Bret?
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes it does. Okay. And one question I guess relative the ECP, the pricing environment of the traditional auto parts over there, Unipart. Have they changed their strategy at all, as far as the pricing given some new management, I guess in the last -- in the not-too-distant past?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Bret. We've seen a little bit more aggressiveness from the pricing from our competitors, trying to get that market share. But quite frankly, we've been able to adjust pretty quickly and maintain -- keeping cash in that revenue and growing the revenue. So we expect to be a little bit more aggressive in the next coming quarters, for sure.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last question, it's also on market share, but I think it's generally domestic market share. I think earlier in your prepared remarks you commented that you continue to gain share. Do you have an idea sort of about a year-over-year, what's your margins? What's your share increase was, domestically?
Robert L. Wagman: We do know this from insurance industry sources, Bret, that claim losses are down year-over-year, roughly about 2.4% is what we've been told, year-to-date. So, with us rolling at 5.6%, but it's hard to really quantify. But clearly we are taking market share from our competition. And of course the APU usage increase up 1% has helped as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is on the receivable securitization facility that was put in place. I'm just curious, is this something that you've had in the past? And is there any -- is the customer payment terms becoming less favorable that kind of made you decide to put this in place or were there other reasons?
John S. Quinn: We've not have in the past, when we put the credit facility in place last year, we added a provision in there to allow us to do this. So what we -- in our credit facility, we have a basket that we're allowed to securitize up to $100 million of accounts receivable. And it has nothing to do really with our payment terms, it's simply a way of getting some additional capacity and it trades at a little bit more than commercial paper rate. So on the $80 million facility that we have today, we're borrowing at just a little bit over 1% interest rate. So it's very attractive financing and just another source of capital.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Recently I read, and I think it was a piece put out by Mitchell, and they were saying that OEMs domestically are becoming a little bit more aggressive on pricing, in fact, instructing repair shops to actually lower prices to match alternative prices. I mean, are you guys seeing any of these?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we're seeing it regionally, John, where we see some aggressive dealerships. But on a national impact, we really haven't seen anything to really worry us. General Motors is probably the biggest one on those types of programs. But they require the dealers to fill out an awful a lot of paper work. We thought the dealers will complain about the paperwork they have to fill out. And they have to buy truckloads of products from what we understand to be in the program. So very few dealerships are actually participating, only the bigger ones. But we haven't seen a major impact at all, actually.
John S. Quinn: And those programs have been around since 2008, on and off. Their marketing programs would be, really, periodically put in place and then they pull back. It seems like it's just part of their marketing strategy.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. If I could just sneak one last one in here. Also recently I heard that France is considering deregulating their repair part market. Now is this -- it's something that you think will go through, it's something that could be replicated in other countries and does this give an opportunity for LKQ in continental Europe?
Robert L. Wagman: It certainly does. France was probably on the bottom of the list as an opportunity because of that and that the fact that they are not going to mandate potentially as it goes through, the use of OEM parts on their fair process, certainly it makes it much more attractive. And certainly, if it gains steam, obviously, other European countries may follow suit. Although, we don't see anyone as restrictive as France. So if France is probably the most restrictive in terms of alternative parts, if they do overturn that, that will be a real eye opener for us and an opportunity as well, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: 2 questions. If my math holds, I think year-to-date your wholesale vehicle purchases are up about 10%. I was surprised to see the recycled business on an organic basis only up 3% in the quarter, after being up 8% in the second quarter and your comparison was a little easier. Can you talk about why that number might not have been a little higher?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, there's a couple of things there that affect that, Sam. First, one less day, it actually caused 150 basis point drop by that one day, year-over-year. Secondly, the reduction in our secure disposal and crush-only vehicles where we just destroy cars on behalf of certain customers, that caused a 50% -- 50 basis point decline as well. Here's one other thing I did want to mention, because of the mild winter, I think we saw a fewer total losses coming out of Q1 and Q2. And don't forget it does take 60 to 90 days before those cars hit the auction, so those were in the Q3. So a little bit tougher buying market, I think in Q3, which we believe has really rectified itself. Looking at the auction volumes now, we're seeing the cars that were totaled in Q2 and Q3 -- early Q3 are now hitting the auctions today. So we think it's a one quarter blip. But mainly that one day, and the fact that the crush-only car revenue was down, really cause of that.
John S. Quinn: Sam, I'll just add, you're right, we're up about 10% year-over-year, that includes the impact of the acquisitions, obviously. Because what we're reporting there is the total number of cars including acquisitions. If you look year-to-date on a similar statistic, recycled parts and services is up organically at 6.6%. So we pull out the acquisition, that's kind of indicates where organically volume sort of 5% to 8% more cars.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Second question, I noticed that North American EBITDA in dollars was down pretty sharply year-on-year despite sales being up. I know a lot of that explained away with the scrap and the difficult margin impact from that. But do you expect that specific relationship and dynamic to continue? EBITDA dollars being down, sales being up, how long does that last and what are your expectations for gross margins here in the fourth quarter?
John S. Quinn: Sure, it's John. I'll try to take that one and Rob, you can supplement. No, we don't expect that and due part of it is, as Rob mentioned, there's always one less day, but some of the other things we're seeing is, you're right, scrap was an impact. We don't expect Q4 to be as impacted by scrap as Q3 was. And we talked about the 100 basis points and roughly equivalent to $0.02 in Q3 and we said that's probably going to be $0.01. That's not going to be as big a drag in Q4. It's going to be a drag, but it won't be as big a drag. In terms of -- we did have a delay in terms of the precious metals revenue recognition that we talked about. We started to process about half the cats of that acquisition. So some of that will come back in Q4, but then we may have a delay on some of the other products. Depending on when we move the rest of the cats into the -- that facility will take another one quarter hiatus on some of that income at some point, it will ought to be Q4 this year or maybe we'll take it into early next year, depending on how quickly we can ramp up that facility. Secured disposal, which Rob mentioned that, hitting us about 30 basis points, those things tend to be a little bit lumpy in terms of -- think of these as being, for example, like the cars from a train wreck. So we can't predict those very well, when they're going to come. I can tell you in Q4, so thus far, we're expecting to be down year-over-year. And then the other things, warranty claims, that will get fixed. We think it is behind us now, but until we actually see how things transpire in this quarter, but I would just -- that is definitely a short-term phenomena. And then in terms of the cost of salvage, Rob mentioned that, we are buying better at the auction, some of that is beating up on the scrap. But on a net basis, we do think that ultimately we're going to see our late-model recycled business gross margins improve. So that may hit us and that may start to show up in Q4, we would expect it, if not Q4, we'll start to see it in Q1.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So we should look at a Q4 gross margin closer to the 41-ish percent range, where we saw in Q2, excluding the settlement gains? Is that how to look at it? Or would it be even better than that perhaps?
John S. Quinn: I don't -- you know me, I don't like to give exact line item guidance, but it will be, -- at this point, we're anticipating to improve back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just getting back to the precious metal processing, when will you be anniversary-ing that?
John S. Quinn: We bought have businesses in June this year. So it'll be about a year. But just -- as we move the production from third parties over to that facility, it causes a little bit of a delay on the recognition -- when we can recognize the sale of the metals, so rather than selling the whole cats to, catalytic converters, to a third party, we actually have -- it takes a couple. I think about a month to process them and then some time for the smelters to process them. So we end up with about a quarter delay. So I would imagine it's probably going to be another 6 months before we're fully implemented in that.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So that's the $6 million delay you referenced earlier?
John S. Quinn: Right. And so that will come back in Q4, favorably. But then we may have a delay, either this quarter or next, as we delay the other half of the business, as we start processing the other half of the cats.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So then is that why the precious metal processing is a drag on gross margin because of this delay? Because I would think if you're basically getting more dollars out of each car, that should be better for gross margins?
John S. Quinn: Ultimately it will be better, the base business that we bought though, is just doesn't -- the existing revenue stream of that business is a low gross margin business, frankly.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I see, okay. And then some housekeeping on your earnings per share guidance, just -- can you remind us what the year-to-date EPS was on a comparable basis, excluding the restructuring, the acquisition related expenses, the fair value of contingent liabilities? Just so we have apples to apples? It looks to me like it's about $0.66?
John S. Quinn: Let me just make sure I get the right one over here. Those 2 items are [indiscernible] those 2 items are a little over $0.01, combined.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: On a year-to-date basis?
John S. Quinn: Right.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So Q4, if we just back into Q4, that seems like that would be $0.22 to $0.25, is that -- is my math correct on that?
John S. Quinn: Just a minute. Yes. We agree to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I missed the comments on scrap metal, the impact to the gross margin as far as the basis points.
John S. Quinn: I'm sorry, what was the...
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: The scrap metal impact on the third quarter, from a -- how many basis points?
John S. Quinn: About 100 basis points.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, got you. And just going back to the guidance question. You're excluding the -- all the extraneous costs, but you are including the legal settlement, which is, by my calculation, about $0.04, is that correct?
John S. Quinn: Correct.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And last, can you just talk about NSF program? How that's going along and progressing and what we can expect out of that in 2013?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, sure, Scott, it's Rob. We're actually seeing some great progress from NSF year-over-year. They've added 462 certified parts into the program, a 60% growth. And also I'm talking about the certification programs, CAPA actually had 782 new parts entered into the system for a 19% growth. And our own internal program, AQRP, we added 888 new parts year-over-year for 8.5% growth. So all 3 of those programs are growing nicely. The insurance companies are demanding them to increase their usage and we're certainly working with the manufacturers to make sure we get more and more products in. So we do expect continued growth out of all 3 of those programs. Christine?
John S. Quinn: I just want to follow up on Bill's question. Bill, I just want to make sure that we're on an apples and apples basis, because you did not mention the light settlement and so, Scott, has pointed out that we're including the light settlement, it was in Q1. If you include the light settlement, we then excluded the restructuring and -- into the purchase price adjustments, Q4, on our guidance basis will be $0.21 to $0.24. So I just want to make sure that everybody on the call understand that.
Robert L. Wagman: And Christine, I think we have time for one more call -- one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Rob, could you maybe -- with what you're doing right now, early-stage of alternative parts in the U.K., have you -- are you -- you're obviously targeting multiple insurance companies, I will assume. But is right now, are you piloting with 1 or 2, and would that one you're working with, be one of the leading insurance companies in the U.K?
Robert L. Wagman: We have, Gary, we've several small pilots going on, probably number 5 to -- to the number 5 different pilots going on, mainly with small carriers. The big guys are watching and waiting with good interest level, but these are with the smaller carriers at this point.
Operator: Mr. Wagman, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd not like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman: We just want to thank everybody for joining in the call today. We look forward to reporting our year-end and Q4 report at the end of February, and look forward to hearing from you then. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2012 financial results and updated our full year 2012 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We're very pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q2 was a record of $0.43, an increase of 34% as compared to $0.32 for the second quarter of 2011. As noted in our press release, the second quarter 2012 diluted earnings per share included a gain equal to $0.04 per share that resulted from a favorable legal settlement, partially offset by restructuring and acquisition-related expenses and change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities totaling $0.02. Revenue for the quarter was $1.01 billion, the second highest quarterly revenue achieved by LKQ, second only to Q1 2012, despite the fact that insurance carriers reported fewer claims in Q2. Industry sources have reported overall claims volumes are down circa 2% year-over-year mainly as a result of fewer catastrophe claims. Despite the continued challenges of a mild winter we witnessed in the first quarter, the effect of which carried into Q2, and the volatility in the scrap metal, aluminum and precious metal markets, we still achieved 6.3% organic growth for parts and services and 3.7% total organic growth. The softness in the scrap market negatively affected our results by $0.02 of EPS and caused our gross margin to decline by 50 basis points. Revenue growth from acquisitions was 29% in the quarter. The continued growth in organic parts and service revenue in 2012 is a combination of the increased use of alternative parts by insurers and the Direct Repair Program networks to reduce claim costs and our continued success at gaining market share from the competition. As mentioned on the last quarter call, we still believe alternative part usage in 2012 will realize a 100 basis point improvement over 2011 alternative part usage levels. Next I'd like to share some operational statistics. During the second quarter, we purchased nearly 67,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is an 18% increase over Q2 2011. As for volumes at the auctions, supply remains strong throughout Q2 and continues to meet our needs early in Q3. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. I'd also like to mention that we are starting to see some pricing relief at auction. According to industry sources, wholesale used vehicle prices were down 3.7% in June compared to May and down 3.6% relative to June 2011. We are starting to realize corresponding price reductions in our vehicle procurement, including our self-service operations which we hope will positively impact our gross margin. But please note that our gross margin may be negatively affected by scrap price reductions, going forward. Turning to our self-service retail business. During the second quarter, we acquired over 107,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, as compared to 91,000 in Q2 of 2011, which is an 18% increase. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the second quarter we purchased roughly 1,700 units for resale or parts as compared to 1,600 in Q2 2011. We continue to be excited about the growth prospects and customer demand for this business, which posted solid double-digit organic growth in the quarter. Turning to Euro Car Parts. We continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of Euro Car Parts, with its ability to capture market share and open new store branches. In Q2, ECP achieved organic growth revenue of 22% versus pre-acquisition periods, and we opened 11 new branches, with an initial 2 branches opened this month to bring our total branch count to 112. As of July 12, we have opened 23 locations since we acquired ECP in early October 2011, and we are on target to open a total of 30 branches in 2012, which I mentioned on our First Quarter Call. I would also like to update everyone on the collision parts program in the U.K. that we initiated late -- back in late March. While still early, we are encouraged by our progress thus far, with our primary focus on meetings with insurers and repairers in attempt to educate the industry on the value of alternative parts. Daily sales are advancing to plan as we continue to market this product line. Moving onto acquisitions. During the quarter, we acquired 7 companies. We purchased a chrome accessories distribution business headquartered in Nebraska, a self-service operation in New Hampshire, a self-service operation with 2 locations in Florida, a wholesale salvage operation in West Texas, a paint distribution business with 4 locations in California, we added a precious metal extraction business based in Rhode Island and, finally, we purchased a self-service operation with 5 locations in Maryland. I'd like to briefly highlight 2 of these acquisitions. In June, we acquired 5 self-service operations in Maryland that operate under the trade name Crazy Ray's. This acquisition reflects our strategic goal of building out our national footprint in all lines of business. Prior to this acquisition, the company serves the Maryland market with our aftermarket, heavy-duty and salvage lines of business but not self-service. Also in June, we acquired Material Sampling Technologies, a precious metals extracting business based in Rhode Island. This acquisition will increase the efficiency of our scrap recovery process by improving the yield of precious metals from our salvage vehicle parts such as catalytic converters, vehicle on-board computers and vehicle sensors. As you can see, we've been very busy with acquisitions, and our pipeline should continue to present opportunities for additional growth for the company. Acquisition candidates exist across all of our business lines in terms of product types, as well as geographic opportunities, as we continue our plan to put additional facilities in key underserved markets. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on our financial results for the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to speak to a few highlights of the financial statements and then provide some color around our guidance thoughts for the balance of the year. Starting with revenue. This is our second quarter reporting revenue in excess of $1 billion. Revenue in Q2 was $1,007,000,000, representing a 32.5% growth over the second quarter of last year. Acquisitions grew -- drove 29% of the growth, representing $220 million. Our organic growth was 3.7% in total and parts and services organic growth was 6.3%. Please note that the parts and services growth number includes revenue associated with the new branches opened by ECP since our acquisition. This contributed about 120 basis points to the growth. Revenue for ECP was $165 million in the quarter, and while we didn't own ECP in Q2 last year, we believe it grew 22% over the same quarter last year when it billed $135 million. I'd also point out that we saw negative organic revenue change of 8.2% in other revenue. Other revenues were, we record, scrap and core sales. This negative organic growth was almost entirely driven by a fall in scrap prices, particularly aluminum from our furnace operations. We also saw a drop in scrap steel, we estimated we saw an 8.3% drop in scrap for our crush cars on a year-over-year basis. Total gross of other revenue was positive 90 basis points primarily due to acquisitions slightly more than offsetting the fall in pricing. Right now with the revenue conversation, we did see about a negative 30 basis point impact from foreign exchange on our revenue. This primarily relates to the Canadian dollar as we get in to the anniversary of thee acquisition in Q4 2011 of ECP. After Q3 2012, this number may be a little more volatile, with a larger base of foreign revenue coming into play. In Q2 2012, revenue for our self-service business was $84 million or 8.3% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 33% of this revenue was part sales included in recycled and related products and 67% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin was $422 million or 41.9% of revenue. Last year, we reported a gross margin of 42.4%, so our gross margin fell 50 basis points year-over-year. Included in this change, the legal settlement that Rob mentioned, was $8.4 million or a favorable 80 basis point impact. This is partially offset by ECP which caused a 40 basis point unfavorable impact year-over-year. And Rob mentioned that we saw scrap prices fall during the quarter. We estimate the impact from the fallen scrap prices was $0.02 or about 50 basis points. And we also paid more for some of our self-serve cars, which caused an additional 50 basis point compression to our margins. The balance of the margin changes were primarily mix. Our facility, warehouse, distribution and SG&A expenses were 29.4% of revenue in Q2 2012 compared to 30.2% in 2011 Q2. Rob and I were pleased to see that we appear to be getting a bit of leverage out of these cost again, as well as revenue is growing. Facility and warehouse costs were 8.2% of revenue compared to 9.1% in Q2 last year. This decrease was primarily due to adding ECP, which has a lesser amount of facility and warehouse expenses than out North American operations. However, having said that, we did see about a 20 basis point labor savings in the North American operations. Distribution costs were flat at 9.1%, both this quarter and the same quarter last year. ECP drove the 20 basis point increase which is offset by lower fuel costs in North America. Selling and G&A expenses were 12.1% of revenue in Q2 this year compared to 12% last year. ECP actually drove this percentage 50 basis points higher, but we saw improvements in North America, contributing 40 basis points of improvement as we saw some leverage in both the sales and administrative costs. During the quarter, we recorded $2.2 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter increased $3.6 million to $15.4 million primarily as a result of acquisitions. The amortization of intangibles and depreciation associated with ECP was the primary driver of the increase. Net interest expense of $7.4 million was $2.7 million higher than the same quarter last year. This increase was mainly due to our higher debt levels, but we did see an improvement in our average borrowing cost. Our effective borrowing rate on our bank borrowings was 3.2% in Q2 2012 compared to 3.4% in Q2 2011. We are showing an expense related to the change in contingent consideration liabilities of $1.2 million. That's primarily related to accretion on the liabilities we've recorded. Our tax rate for the quarter was 36.8% compared to 38.4% in Q2 last year. We continue to see some benefit from the lower foreign tax rates as we earn more income offshore. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.43 in Q2 2012 compared to $0.32 in Q2 2011, an increase of $0.11 or 34%. Last year, we included a $0.01 of restructuring costs offset by $0.01 of several adjustments to contingent purchase price. We view last year as being $0.32 on an adjusted basis. In Q2 this year, the $0.43 includes $0.04 income related to the legal settlement and $0.02 expense related to the restructuring costs and acquisition purchase prices. On an adjusted basis, Q2 2012 EPS would've been $0.41, again compared to an adjusted 32% for last year. A few comments on the 6-month year-to-date cash flows and uses of cash. Cash flow from operations for the first 6 months of 2012 was $121 million compared to $101 million in 2011, an improvement of $20 million. Year-to-date, EBITDA improved $65 million, but we had higher interest expense of $4 million and $19 million higher cash taxes in 2012. In 2012, we've made additional investments in inventory. The investments were $11 million higher in Q -- in 2012 compared to 2011. We did this particularly to support the growth in the U.K, which accounts for $27 million of the $31 million total increase in our year-to-date inventory growth. Compared to 2011, we also saw higher payroll expenses, being an $11 million greater use of cash. Year-to-date, we've spent $42 million on capital expenditures. We've also spent $120 million on acquisitions, of which $95 million was in the second quarter. As of June 30, 2012, we had $1 billion of debt and cash and cash equivalents of $59 million. These figures compare to the $956 million of debt and the $48 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2011. Availability under our credit facility at quarter end was $395 million after taking into account letters of credit drawn against it. With the cash of $59 million on our balance sheet, our total availability is $454 million. At quarter end, our debt under the credit facility was 66% fixed and 34% floating. Now turn to guidance. As we've stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transactions costs, gains and losses in contingent purchase price adjustments and capital expenditures or cash flow related to acquisitions. We increased our guidance for organic revenue growth from parts and services to 5.5% to 7%. You'll note that after a soft Q1 we improved to 6.3% rate in Q2. Year-to-date, we've achieved a 4.9% growth, but we expect the second half of the year to be stronger as we don't expect to have the weather impacts we had in Q1 and in Q4 we'll start reporting all of ECP's growth as organic. Our revised guidance for net income is $265 million to $282 million, which equates to $1.77 to $1.88 diluted earnings per share. This change incorporates into our guidance the legal settlement gain recognized in Q2. We've left unchanged our guidance for cash flow from operations of $250 million to $280 million and we continue to expect our capital spending to be in the $100 million to $115 million range. As normal, I'll give you an update on some of the larger things Rob and I consider that could impact the guidance. Rob mentioned that we're on pace to open 30 new branches with ECP. I mentioned in the last few calls that new branches are generally unprofitable for a few months, so that development activity will be a bit of a drag in 2012 earnings particularly since the remaining branches will be opening later in the year. I still believe it's a strategic thing to do because in the long run we'll see these locations contributing both to dollars and operating income. The original cash flow guidance didn't contemplate as much inventory build as these branches required, so although we brought up the bottom end of the income guidance, we haven't changed the cash flow guidance until we get a better understanding of the impact of the accelerated growth in the U.K. and how it could impact our cash flow. On the North American side of the business, we started with a fairly low, at least for us, organic growth, which we attributed to the severe winter in 2011 and the mild winter in 2012. Rob mentioned that it appears we're getting into more normalized weather patterns, and people seem to be responding to lower gas prices by driving a bit more. But if the economy slows and Q4 is mild, that could be a risk to our assumptions. Moving on to scrap prices, let me explain what happened in Q2 and what we've seen so far this quarter. Prices in April and May for scrap steel were fairly stable, but we saw a drop in June and we have seen another drop in July. We have adjusted our car volumes fairly well because we think that we'll have a return to more normal gross margin dollar per car, going forward. But we have a couple of months of backlog to work through. I mentioned that we believe that scrap impacted our EPS by $0.02 in Q2. Based on July prices and our inventory turns, we think we probably have another $0.02 to $0.04 impact that will hit us in Q3. Obviously, we haven't completed July, so this is our current best estimate. The full year guidance assumes pricing roughly in line with today's scrap prices. Scrap steel is approximately 25% lower at the moment than we saw in Q3 last year and is approximately 80 -- 18%, than we've averaged in Q2 2012. LKQ doesn't give line item or quarterly guidance, but I did want to make you aware of the potential impact of this drop on other revenue where we record scrap and core sales. Total other revenue was 13% of our total revenue in Q2 this year compared to 17% or 18% in Q2 last year. So our exposure as a percentage of our revenue to commodity prices continues to lessen, but as we repeatedly pointed out, they can cause short-term fluctuations in our EPS. The decline in scrap pricing is going to impact gross margins for at least the first 2 quarters -- excuse me, at least the first 2 months of Q3. Again, we don't give quarterly guidance but I do expect to see some pressure we had on Q2 gross margins carry into Q3. And then assuming that scrap remains stable, we'd see some recovery in Q4 relative to Q3. Rob mentioned our car buying. The average price we paid at auction for recycled cars has been fairly stable for several quarters. We have seen a slight tick down the back half of June, but that may simply be the fall in commodity value built into the cars. Having said that, the Manheim used car index will start to move off its peak if used car prices start to fall, and that impacts our cost beyond the impact of scrap, but we may start to see margins and the late model recycle business improve later this year. Finally, the precious metals processing acquisition completed this quarter is similar to our furnace operations in that they process a high volume of lower-margin revenue. We expect this acquisition to negatively impact our Q3 gross margins by approximately 30 to 50 basis points. We value this company on its own merits and cash flows, but we believe it will allow us to achieve better yields from the non-ferrous metals we get out of cars such as the platinum in the catalytic converter. When Rob and I look at that, we believe that if we can achieve an extra $2 or $3 per vehicle with an annual car purchase and around 700,000 units, the acquisition would provide a very attractive return to our shareholders. I'd like to turn the microphone back to Rob to summarize before we open the call to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. As we enter the back half of 2012, our outlook continues to be positive for the balance of the year. I'm encouraged by the tailwinds of lower fuel prices, the increased in miles driven, anticipated alternative part usage growth and a recent reduction in vehicle pricing we are witnessing. I am equally proud of how our group of over 19,000 valuable employees have attacked the headwinds we face in the first half of the year. We believe our unique competitive advantage and the actions we have taken in response to the challenging operating environments have translated to consistent earnings growth since our founding. We continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities to provide results for our stockholders. Christine, we're now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions here. First off, what -- the 7 companies that you acquired, what are the annualized sales?
John S. Quinn: Sure, I can get that through.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And how would that break out among aftermarket, collision -- I'm sorry, aftermarket recycle then the -- and other?
John S. Quinn: Sure. The acquisitions -- in Q2, there was about $6 million of revenue included from those, but the trailing 12-month revenue is about $130 million.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And how would that break out index-wise?
John S. Quinn: I'll just follow up with that. Why don't we go to another question? I'll see if I can grab that.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Sure, that's fine. And then there's obviously a lot of moving parts in gross margin with the scrap. You've got your precious metals impact and you've got the lower wholesale costs. By my math, and I'm probably forgetting something, but would -- it looks like gross margins in Q3 might be 10, 20, 30 basis points lower than Q2. Is that about right, or am I forgetting something?
John S. Quinn: Sorry, could you -- what were you at?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Gross margins in Q3 versus Q2. Based on all the moving parts you gave, it looks like it'll be down slightly. Is that correct, or am I missing something?
John S. Quinn: Oh sure. Good question. The -- let me just hit on what we think is going to happen with the margins. Again, we don't give quarterly guidance to you on the gross margin line. But I'll just reiterate a few things we said. Other than seasonality, when winter time, we tend to see a little bit better margin when the shops are very busy. Our gross margin discussions tend to make more sense on a sequential basis rather than year-over-year, so -- but let me just walk you go through that. In Q2, we saw our gross margin was 41.9%, and that included the legal settlement. Without that legal settlement, our margin would have been 41.1%. So let's just start with that as a base. If we assume that scrap stays where it is today, we'll -- Q2 had a 50 basis point impact from scrap, and I mentioned we believe that, based on today's prices, there's pricing impact of $0.02 to $0.04 in Q3. If it's only $0.02, then scrap isn't really going to impact the margin in Q3, but it will cause Q4 to snap back by about 50 basis points because you won't to see -- we won't have that impact in Q4, if that make sense? If it turns out that scrap is higher -- a higher impact in Q3, say it was $0.04, that will cause an additional drag of probably another 50 basis points. But then the snapback in Q4 is going to be 100 basis points, a cumulative impact as we work through that inventory. The other thing I mentioned was that we expect to see the precious metal business negatively impact margins by Q3. But we think that's going to be somewhere in the 30 to 50 basis points drag. And that change will -- and this should be a new run level for us. Over time, we'll be able to mitigate some of that as we're able to move more of our non-ferrous metals to that facility and get better yields from each car. But that is going to take some time. The other 2 things we normally talk about are car acquisition costs and pricing. AS -- the Manheim index has come down some. We've seen a reduction in the car prices that we're paying at auction. But at the moment, I think that reduction is probably just offsetting some of the scrap reduction, but then the value of those cars, as opposed to improving our margins. But if we continue to see those drop, we may see some benefit from the -- on the gross margin line in later quarters. And then on the pricing front, just to give you a little update while I got you on the gross margin comments: we continue to work on our modeling. We've been running some tests. I think there's a little reticence on our part to pull the trigger on some of those with the low volumes in Q1. So we'll probably put that on hold for 3 to 6 months. And we had run some tests. We've had some encouraging things. We're running additional testing. So I think that's probably been pushed out a few months versus what we had originally planned for Q4.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question, then I'll defer to others. ECP specifically, if you just take a look at their same-store or same-location sales growth, what was that? And then I also noticed that the EBITDA margin sequentially declined in ECP from Q1 to Q2. Is that typical seasonal? Or is that -- have to do with a bunch of opening costs and such?
John S. Quinn: On ECP EBITDA margins, you have to be careful because some of those contingent purchase price adjustments are in there. So in Q1 we had a favorable contingent purchase price of $1.3 million and $1.1 million unfavorable in Q2. If you adjust those out, you're right, there is a little bit of a step-down of about 90 basis points. And that -- we're attributing that mainly to the drag of the new locations being opened.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And the same-location per -- sales growth?
John S. Quinn: I'm sorry?
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The ECP comps, the same-store sales growth in the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Year-over-year -- we didn't own them obviously in Q2 last year. They grew about 22% year-over-year, which was essentially all organic. Not necessarily the same-store. I don't really have the same-store sale number for that, Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: On the -- following up on the ECP line of questioning. Could you give us a feeling for what we are seeing on collision sales in the U.K.?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, Bret. We're very pleased with our progress there. We knew this was going to be a long curve to get done, with their alternative part usage in the 5% to 8% range. It was more of an educational process and we're continuing that process. We're meeting with insurers and repairers. And it's -- our daily sales are progressing to what we expected. We know it's going to be a long haul and we're on it as we speak. The -- all the estimating data has been uploaded to Audatex Solera. We're also working with a company called Glassmatix, that's the other estimating company in the marketplace. So we're working directly with them, and the sales are growing daily.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So within that 22% growth of ECP, there was some collision contribution but not meaningful collision contribution?
Robert L. Wagman: That'd be fair to say.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And I guess in -- on the U.K. side of the business, there was one primary competitor over there to ECP. Do you have any sort of color as to how they are doing? Were they restructuring or under new ownership? And what the competitive environment in the U.K. looks like?
Robert L. Wagman: They are still in their restructuring process. They just need a new CEO over there. So they are working through that as we speak, but we continue to obviously take market share, we believe, from them as well as others with the growth that we're having. So we continue to lead the way at the marketplace and grow the market share and with -- the store openings have been very well received. As we mentioned, we've done 23 stores already but we will have the other 7 done by hopefully the end of Q3. And we plan on continuing to grow that business aggressively.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And one last question, on the core side of the scrap and core, do you see anything shifting on core pricing or core demand? I mean, it seems like we are seeing some signs of some softening demand in aftermarket parts. Are you seeing any read-through you're distributing the cores?
Robert L. Wagman: No. Core business is healthy, other than the fact that pricing is down a little bit on some of the precious metals. And again, we hope that our precious metal acquisition will help us recover some of that. But no really bad signs in that respect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just want to kind of follow-up on that a little bit. I mean, I think that obviously the strength of the overall business remains pretty strong and maybe even a little bit surprising given some of the economic malaise that we read about here a lot recently, particularly with the unemployment trends getting a little bit worse but you guys continued to do better. Obviously, part of that is driven by just APU, but could you talk a little bit -- maybe a little bit further in terms of any additional efforts on the sales front or just execution? Or is it just simply winning share from the smaller guys that don't have the same inventory levels?
Robert L. Wagman: I think there's quite a few organic growth drivers that we've witnessed lately that are really encouraging. First, fuel is coming down, Nate. It's really good to see that fuel is coming down. Through May, we have miles driven in the country up 1.2%, so we're seeing a positive trend there as well. We're encouraged by the sell rate as well. Now, the latest figure we saw was about $14 million cars. That's obviously going to impact the number of fully insured drivers. We did see the average model year car now in the United States has reached now 11 years old, which is good for our mechanical side of the business, perhaps not as good for our collision side of the business. But with the sell rate coming up, we'll start to see that shift towards a better trend. Our backlog in the old and salvage business is -- really, I don't think it's ever been stronger than what it is today in the summer. We've just seen greater volumes at the auctions. We've been able to pad that. As you saw, we announced the 18% growth in the salvage acquisition vehicles. So we're being able to buy our inventory quite easily today. One other thing that we're really excited about is -- on the aftermarket side is that certification programs continue to gain strength. Just some year-over-year stats: cap rate year-over-year from Q2 to Q2 is up 25% in the number of certified parts. NSF has doubled their year-over-year count, and our AQRP program, still strong and with strong interest by the insurance carriers to help increase their alternative part usage, so -- and finally, we did predict that -- and we are still predicting, that we're going to see 100 basis point improvement in alternative parts. I guess I would add that we are obviously taking market share. I did in my prepared remarks, mentioned that insurance companies are seeing softer claims and yet we're still growing the business. So we are certainly taking market share as well. But alternative part usage and those other tailwinds are really helping the business.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just in terms of -- one of the things that you did heading in this year, you made some efficiency improvements in some of your routes within your intra-regional trade networks. Anything more to update there in terms of any newer initiatives to continue to drive some of those efficiencies?
Robert L. Wagman: The biggest thing is just filling in some of those holes in our maps. We've done now 11 deals this year. We've announced 11 deals and each one of those will get plugged into those distribution networks and help offset some of the costs. So that's the main driver there, just putting more -- filling in more holes and getting more facilities into those distribution networks.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And then John, just one bookkeeping question on that gain from the legal settlement. It sounds like that ended up falling into the cost of goods sold line. Is that true? And what is the exact dollar amount of that?
John S. Quinn: Sure. That's correct. And it's $8.4 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Prestopino with Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications. John, in what you're looking for in your projections, you're basing your projections on scrap prices that are today, what the scrap prices are. You're not extrapolating that they could go lower.
John S. Quinn: Correct.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, as far as the guidance goes, again I just want to be clear, there's -- it excludes all non-recurring gains, losses. So you had about $0.05 of positive gains over the first 2 quarter, net, is that correct?
John S. Quinn: I'm sorry, we had $0.05 gain with respect to which?
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: First 2 quarters of this year.
John S. Quinn: It -- the guidance is including the legal settlement. It's excluding anything associated with restructuring or anything to do with contingent purchase price adjustments.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: So it includes the legal settlement but excludes the restructuring?
John S. Quinn: Correct. And it excludes the contingent purchase price adjustments.
Robert L. Wagman: Gary, if I could just add one thing to that, on scrap, one thing we have seen. We saw the rapid deterioration, as John mentioned, in June into July. But there are signs that it looks like the market is stabilizing. There isn't a sign of rebound but it appears that the market does appear to be stabilizing, so we're not expecting a further drop at least in August.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Stephens.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you just clarify just a little bit some of those, the -- some of the tests that you're talking about as far as being more aggressive for the fourth, that you're going to push out a little bit? Remind us a little bit about what those are, how aggressive they are, how they could help and what they can mean, say, for '13?
Robert L. Wagman: Pushing out, what, the price increases?
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes. Well, I just -- the -- you're talking about some tests that you were playing with. John mentioned some tests as far as either on pricing programs or the way you were going to market them.
John S. Quinn: Sure, sure. We -- yes. John, it's John Quinn speaking. We've been modeling, trying to understand the elasticity of product lines and the customers with -- and we've been using testing in one region on a segment of the customers. And we -- I don't think we're prepared to say yet how much that could drive gross margins. We --- the early returns were that they were some positive things, and we think it is meaningful. But we're redoing the second test with another larger sample, so -- we would -- originally planned to do a lot of that in Q1 when the volumes are very soft. In Q1, we decided to hold off because we didn't think that, that was a sort of a normal market. We do want to make sure we've got some good data. So we've done some testing here earlier this year, we're redoing it this quarter. And so I'd probably give you a better update on that in the next call. But it is still progressing.
John R. Lawrence - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So it's basically just an overall price optimization type of program?
Robert L. Wagman: Exactly. And we do continue, John, our work with the inside sales reps on deviation controls, and those are still in place as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just to finalize on the guidance. In the second quarter, you had a $0.04 legal benefit, which is being included in your guidance. Did you expect that when you initially gave guidance after last quarter?
John S. Quinn: It was not included in the guidance last quarter.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Is it -- and so if we'd look at that just operationally without the legal benefit, are you signaling any deterioration? Obviously not, but just need to ask a question.
John S. Quinn: We're not going to try and signal anything in particular. I think what -- if you peel back the onion a little bit, what you'll see is there's a couple pennies of improvement that are coming out of that legal settlement that was not in the guidance and that's probably offset by some scrap that wasn't in the guidance either.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. And then in terms of your acquisition pipeline, we've got a change in tax policy that is looming. Is that providing an incentive at all for some of your potential targets to go ahead and join LKQ now?
Robert L. Wagman: We were sort of thinking it's correct in that it will -- as I said, we've done 11 deals in the first half of the year. Last year, we did 21, so we're certainly on pace to have a record year. And we do anticipate that there might be a little bit of aggressiveness in the back half of the year as that tax -- looming tax increase comes. Our pipeline has been as active as it's ever been. And then just let me touch on just our business lines and what we're seeing across the business: We're going to continue our aftermarket strategic tuck-in list, similar to the 2 we mentioned -- that we announced today, the core accessories and the paint distribution. We have plenty of opportunities in that side of the business. Self service, we announced 3 acquisitions this quarter. And we're doing a lot of greenfields as well. But great opportunities there as we continually build that marketplace. We remain -- we're in pretty good shape, we believe, on the engine side. We certainly continue our zest to find a transmission rebuilding company, so we think that's a great opportunity for us and we'll continue to work in that respect. Full serve, we're actively looking for opportunities as well. That facility in West Texas was more a strategic place because it's a new geographic market for us. And we're announcing -- just did a deal up in Western Canada to start a greenfield. So there's plenty of opportunities there and I'd expect, because of that tax consequence coming, that we'll active throughout the rest of the year.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then one follow-up related to ECP and acquisitions. I mean, now that you've made very good progress on ECP in the aftermarket side, at what point would you be willing to look at the recycled side or moving on to Continental Europe?
Robert L. Wagman: We are actively looking at opportunities there. We're going to focus more on the northern half of Europe at this time. I think that the Scandinavian countries and Northern Europe can be a little more stable than perhaps the economies in Spain or Italy or Greece. So we are actively looking at that opportunity, nothing imminent I can say, but that -- certainly attractive as we -- we're pretty pleased with the success we've had at ECP and the opportunities that the salvage market provides in Continental Europe as well as the U.K. as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Hilgert with MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I also had a question on the European outlook there. I was thinking that, with currency being what it is at this point, the economy being what it is over in Europe, you might have some businesses over there that are more willing to sell now than what they've been in the past. Are you seeing that in terms of your pipeline, some of the M&A stuff going on over there?
Robert L. Wagman: We -- I think it's fair to say that we have active sellers in the marketplace. However, some of them are -- in those economies, we're not particularly excited about at this time. And it seemed to be -- you know what would happen is -- Richard, is that we enter a new marketplace, we do get inquiries that tend to be more from companies that may be struggling and looking for a exit strategy right away. So we're actively looking, as I said, and we want to -- our strategy has been and will continue to be to buy the best performers in the marketplace. So what -- we just want to make sure we do our due diligence correctly and have time to really assess the marketplace. But I would say that the opportunities in Europe are as good as they are here in the States.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Some of the softness in the aftermarket, we've got the retailers talking about some of that softness too. I was wondering, are you seeing some of the other aftermarket parts providers working with their pricing right now?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I think we differ a little bit than the standard big box retailer here in the United States. Ours is more driven from an insurance company. 85% of all insurance claims are -- actually, automobile accidents are paid for by insurance companies. We have a little bit of a different driver, I think, in terms of our sales, whereas I think they're more retail-oriented. Even when they're selling in the commercial markets, it's a retail person making that decision. So I think their pricing is a little bit separate from ours in terms of I think they're much more competitive in terms of each other whereas we're really focusing on taking market share from the OEs which are really outside of our competition per se. So I think their pricing strategy may be different than ours.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And given the current fundamentals going on in our market here in the States, the softness that we're talking about, the economic conditions not being the greatest, has that driven some of this penetration -- additional penetration into your side of the business versus the OEs where you've got obviously a huge price differential between the 2?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, there's no doubt there's a direct correlation to a weaker economy and the strength of our business. People want to save money. But with that being said, even in a stronger economy with the insurance companies again paying 85% of parts and repairs, they have a financial incentive, good economy or bad economy. But we do see, certainly in a tougher economy, that we become a much more viable option. From this perspective -- 2 perspective, actually: People are keeping the cost longer, so the average model year car now is 11 years in the United States. So more things will break, and when things break they'll certainly tend to deplete more of their pocket. So we think -- one that John and I talked about is that one of the greatest tailwinds we can see is a lower unemployment rate with more people commuting to work and having money obviously to do those repairs. So we've certainly believed, though, a weaker economy does not hurt us at all.
John S. Quinn: Yes, and I think one thing just to add to that is the insurance companies, when in a weaker economy, they're very price competitive and they're still struggling to get any kind of return on their investments. And so in -- within that difficulty raising the top line and difficulty gaining a new investment income, really the only place they can squeeze that is metal, which is where we're there to help.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, with that, thank you, Christine. Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We look forward to joining you in about 90 days to give you the results of our Q3 Call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Unknown Analyst
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation First Quarter 2012 Results Teleconference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, LaTonya. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our first quarter 2012 financial results and updated our full year 2012 guidance. In the room with me today are: Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share in Q1 was a record $0.54, an increase of 38% as compared to $0.39 for the first quarter of 2011. Please note that the first quarter 2012 diluted earnings per share included a gain equal to $0.04 per share that resulted from a favorable legal settlement of $0.03 a share and a change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities of $0.01 a share. Earnings per share in the first quarter of 2011 included a charge of $0.02 per share as a result of loss on debt extinguishment. Revenue reached a record quarterly high of $1.03 billion in the quarter, an increase of 31.2% as compared to Q1 2011. As we mentioned on our last call, during the first quarter, we witnessed a very mild winter, which created some headwind for the collision parts side of our business, and we also faced a tough comp for the first quarter of 2011 when the winter weather was very severe. Based on dialogue with some insurance carriers, insurance claim volume was down 5% to 6% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2012 with some regional carriers reporting claims reductions in the high teens. Despite the mild winter and high gas prices, the company reported 3.2% organic -- total organic growth and 3.6% organic growth for parts and services. Revenue growth from acquisitions was 28% in the quarter. We are particularly pleased with the organic growth of our recycled, remanufactured and related products and services revenue. In the quarter, sales from those products grew organically 8.5% compared to the same period in 2011. We encountered softness in our collision product sales, primarily due to the mild winter and the subsequent drop in reported claims. The continued growth in organic parts and services revenue in 2012 is a result of the increased use by insurers in their direct repair program networks of alternative quality replacement parts to reduce claims costs. Although we are only through one quarter, our channel checks have indicated improved penetration of alternative part usage, and it appears we are trending at our historical averages of about 100 basis point improvements in alternative part usage. We anticipate these gains to continue for the balance of the year. Next, I'd like to share some operational statistics. During the quarter, we purchased over 59,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 7% increase over Q1 2011. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good starting out in 2012. With inventory already on hand and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. Turning to our self-service retail businesses. During the first quarter, we acquired nearly 89,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars as compared to 81,000 in Q1 of 2011, which is a 10% increase. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the first quarter, we purchased roughly 1,800 units for resale or parts as compared to 1,000 in Q1 2011. As you can see by the year-over-year increase in our heavy-duty truck procurement, we continue to be excited about the growth prospects in customer demand for this business, which posted solid organic growth in the quarter. Now turning to Euro Car Parts. During the quarter, we opened 9 new branches and we added 3 additional branches in April, bringing our total branch count to 102. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, our entry into Europe via ECP provides exciting growth opportunities both in the U.K. and eventually Continental Europe as well. As witnessed by our recent branch openings, we continue to execute ECP strategy of aggressive expansion this year. And due to favorable market conditions and ECP's management's proven ability to effectively and efficiently open branches, we anticipate accelerating new branch openings to 30 in 2012, which is 10 more than the 20 we were anticipating on our last call. In addition to the new branch openings, I'm happy to announce that on March 28, we launched our collision parts initiative for Euro Car Parts. The timing of this launch bodes well with the market share growth the independent repair shops are witnessing in the U.K. and the premium pressures auto insurance carriers are facing in the U.K. from certain regulatory offices. I also want to provide an update on our paint and equipment business. It has now been 3 quarters since our acquisition of AkzoNobel's 40 company-owned stores. All of the locations targeted for move and integration were completed ahead of target and the systems conversions went to plan as well. We have opened 12 new paint and body outlets since last June, with 3 of those occurring in Q1 2012. We have an additional 5 locations budgeted for the balance of 2012. And to be clear, all 17 outlets were added to existing LKQ facilities, thereby leveraging existing infrastructure. We are very pleased with the growth of this line and anticipate future growth in both same-store sales as well as our greenfield locations. And now turning to acquisitions. During the quarter, we acquired 4 companies: We purchased a light vehicle wholesale salvage operation with 4 locations in Québec, Canada; we purchased a self-service operation in North Carolina; we purchased a paint distribution business in Ontario, Canada; and finally, a distributor of remanufactured engines based in California. I am quite pleased with the acquisition pipeline and anticipate continued additions to our North American operations throughout 2012. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more details on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In addition to our normal reporting, as Rob mentioned, we have a few noteworthy items in the financial statements, so I'll just walk down the income statement and comment on the items of note. Starting with revenue. Our total revenue growth year-over-year in the first quarter was 31.2% or $245 million, taking us to $1.032 billion revenue for the quarter. The largest driver of this improvement was 28% growth or $220 million associated with acquisitions, of which Euro Car Parts was approximately $158 million. Our organic growth was 3.2% in total. Parts and services growth was 3.6%. Please note that the parts and service growth number includes the revenue associated with the 10 new branches opened by ECP since our acquisition. This contributed about 40 basis points of the growth. I'd also point out that we saw organic growth of 1.6% in other revenue. Other revenue is where we record scrap and core sales. Total growth for other revenue was 8.5%, primarily due to acquisitions. The prices we achieved for scrap was essentially flat year-over-year.  In Q1 of 2012, revenue from our self-serve business was $83 million or 8% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 33% of this revenue was part sales included in recycled and related products and 67% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our reported gross margin of $447 million at 43.4% included a favorable legal settlement of $8.3 million. Without that settlement, our gross margin would have been $439 million, and the margin 42.6%. Last year, we reported a gross margin of 43.7%. So excluding the legal settlement, our gross margin fell by 110 basis points year-over-year. ECP accounts for 60 basis points of the year-over-year change. The AkzoNobel acquisition was about 20 basis points. And you may recall that in Q1 2011, we mentioned that our gross margin included the benefit of rising commodity prices equal to the $0.02 earnings per share. We believe that benefit in Q1 2011 from rising scrap prices accounts for about 50 to 60 basis points. So operationally, if you adjust legal settlement, the acquisitions and the change in scrap, we believe that the gross margin actually improved slightly year-over-year.  Our facility and warehouse distribution SG&A costs were 28.9% of revenue in Q1 2012 compared to 28.7% in Q1 2011. Facility and warehouse costs were 8.2% compared to 8.9% and this decrease was entirely due to ECP. Distribution costs were 8.9% this quarter compared to 8.4% in the same quarter last year. 20 basis points of this increase was ECP, nearly 30 basis points was North America. Selling and G&A expenses were 11.8% of revenue in Q1 this year compared to 11.4% last year and ECP, again, essentially accounted for all this increase. During the quarter, we recorded $200,000 of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter increased $4.1 million year-over-year to $14.9 million, primarily as a result of acquisitions, the amortization of intangibles and the depreciation associated with ECP being the primary driver of the increase. Net interest expense of $7.4 million was $1 million higher than the same quarter last year. This increase was mainly due to our higher debt levels, but we did see an improvement in our average borrowing costs. Our effective borrowing rate was 3.03% in Q1 2012 compared to 4.58% in Q1 in 2011. You will note that we didn't have any debt restructuring charges this year whereas we incurred $5.3 million expense in Q1 last year. We are showing a favorable adjustment to the change in contingent consideration liability account of $1.3 million. This income is related to the ECP contingent consideration that is primarily a revaluation required under a new GAAP rule offset by accretion. Both these items have little to do with how we view that business, which remains as favorable as it did last quarter.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 36.8% compared to 39.2% in Q1 last year. We continue to see some benefit from lower foreign tax rates. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share was $0.54 in Q1 2012 compared to $0.39 in Q1 2011. Last year, we had $0.02 of costs of loss on debt extinguishment, so adjusted Q1 2011 was closer to $0.41 or $0.42 on an adjusted basis with the rounding. This year, the $0.54 includes $0.04 related to a legal settlement and a contingent payment adjustment. So on an adjusted basis, Q1 2012 EPS would have been $0.50, again compared to an adjusted $0.42 last year. Cash flow from operations for the first quarter was $110 million compared to $77 million in 2011, an improvement of $33 million. The primary driver of the year-over-year improved cash flow was improvement in EBITDA of $32 million. In the first quarter, we spent $21 million on capital expenditures and $25 million in acquisitions. During the quarter, we reduced our net debt by $66 million. We ended Q1 with $897 million of debt, and cash and cash equivalents were $55 million. These figures compare to the $956 million of debt and the $48 million of cash and equivalent in 12/31/11. Availability under our credit facility was $504 million. I mentioned last quarter that the term loan we had arranged last year was drawn on December -- excuse me, on January 31, 2012, and we used those proceeds to partly repay our revolver. We have $40 million of letters of credit supported by the facilities, but those are taken into account in our liquidity of $504 million. With the cash of $55 million on the balance sheet, our total availability is $559 million. At quarter end, our debt under the credit facility was 74% fixed and 26% floating. Turning to guidance. As we stated in the past, our guidance excludes any restructuring costs and transaction costs, gains, losses, contingent purchase price adjustments, our capital expenditures and cash flows associated with acquisitions. Our revised guidance for organic revenue growth for parts and services is 5% to 7%. We dropped this range 50 basis points to reflect the softer Q1 than we had anticipated. Our guidance for net income is $262 million to $282 million, which equates to $1.75 to $1.88 diluted earnings per share. This incorporates into our guidance the legal settlement from Q1. We've left unchanged our guidance for cash flow from operations of $250 million to $280 million and our expected capital spending of $100 million to $115 million. Let me give you an update of some things Rob and I have considered that could impact the guidance. We included in the internal growth and the earnings guidance the new ECP locations opened to date and planned for the balance of the year. Rob mentioned that we plan to increase the number of branch openings. And I mentioned on the last call that new branch openings are generally unprofitable for a few months. So that step-up in development activity could actually be a bit of a drag on 2012 earnings. But we believe this is the right strategic thing to do because, in the long run, we'll see these locations contributing both dollars and operating margin. In Q1, internal growth was below our guidance of 5% to 7%. Rob explained that we believe this softness was primarily related to the mild winter as we had noted in the last call, particularly when compared to the heavy growth we had with the severe weather in Q1 2011, which made for a difficult comparison. To reach our guidance, we're obviously assuming that the rest of the year gets better and we do think there are some tailwinds to help us in that regard. In 2011, we saw alternative part usage rate in the industry of 37%. Based on what we're seeing in the market today, we believe that in 2012 we'll see that rate increase to at least 38%. We also expect in Q4 to be facing an easier comparison in our North American operations. And in Q4, we'll begin to report growth for the entire ECP operation as organic, not just the new branches.  Just to give you some sense of ECP's growth, last year in Q1, they reported $131 million of revenue compared to $161 million this year, so that's growth at 23% with no acquisitions. On the downside, we've seen the car part continue to age. While that's great for our mechanical portions of our business, it does impact the collision side. As that aging happens, we may see insurers more likely to total a car than repair it. And as the average age of a cars repaired rises, we may see a dip in the value of the parts being used. And if, for some reason, the accident frequency rate does not bounce back to historical rates for miles driven and falls due to gas prices, then there could be some risks due to these tailwinds.  Moving on to scrap prices. It appears to us to be stable at the moment and essentially flat to where there were on the average of whole of last year. Total other revenue is 13.6% of our total revenue in Q1. This compared to 16.5% in Q1 last year. So our exposure as a percentage of our revenue to commodity prices is smaller. But as we have repeatedly pointed out, they can cause short-term fluctuations. Rob mentioned our car buying. The average price that we're paying at auction for recycled parts has been fairly stable for several quarters. The supply issues caused the OE production problems and used car prices go higher, we could be impacted for the short run on margins. In the longer run, as the rate of car production returns to higher levels, we could see our car volume improving. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Rob, please, to summarize, and then we'll open up for questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, John. Our results this quarter demonstrate that even with the headwinds and external factors that we can't control such as gas prices and weather, LKQ was able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we have taken in response to challenging operating environments since our founding have translated into consistent earnings growth. We will continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities that provide results for our shareholders. Our outlook for 2012 is positive and builds upon the momentum we created during 2011. The strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth and make strategic acquisitions, while our competitors are shrinking their businesses in this current challenging environment. This strength, in our group of over 18,000 valuable employees, places LKQ in a solid position to execute our strategy and continue to invest in our network and inventory, both domestically and abroad. And with that, LaTonya, we are now prepared to open the call for questions and answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nate Brochmann with William and Blair (sic) William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit. Obviously, I mean, the acquisitions, namely, ECP are just doing great. Relative to when you picked them up, what's really different in terms of what you've seen and what have you been able to add to really drive that upside relative to expectations?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, it has been performing exceedingly well. Really, we just provided them the ability to expand -- to keep their hard plan going forward. As we mentioned, we've done 9 locations this year. We'll continue to grow that business. The market conditions there are very good. We find that the competition, while trying to get aggressive to compete with us, is really -- we're just being able to grow the business to what we expect that we could do. The collision parts side of the business that we launched on March 28, we're very pleased with that. Addition, we expect good things out of that. We had an official ceremony over there when we launched that program. But just overall, being able to bring product in, market to the -- aggressive marketing campaigns we've been doing over there, just really are going well.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just kind of a follow-up on that. What gives you the confidence on that collision parts side that you just launched in terms of the market willing to accept that? I mean, if you could just give us a little bit of color in terms of understanding that.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we were over there. We launched an industry forum with repairers and insurance companies in the room, very well received by everybody in the room. Of course, we estimate the AP usage at under 10% in the marketplace, so plenty of room to grow, Nate. And then just looking at the total market, we believe it's a $2 billion to $3 billion collision repair market. So really, anecdotally right now, just very well received. It's early days, but we are growing the business. Granted on very low numbers right now, but we do realize it's going to be a marathon, not a sprint there. It took years to get the United States to 37 and change and hopefully 38 next year. So we've got some certainly room to grow in the U.K., so we're excited about the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: You posted very strong growth in the recycled business despite the fact that we had a warmer-than-expected winter. Could you maybe talk about how you were able to do that whether it was the mechanical side that offset that?
John S. Quinn: Sure, Scott, it's John Quinn. I'll just start a little bit and maybe Rob can supplement what I say. Absolutely, the demand for the parts coming out of the recycled side generally exceeds the -- our availability. Our fill rates are maybe 70%, 75% in that. So as we've combined more cars, it's typically the first choice for insurance repair. So if there's any softness, it's going to come out of the aftermarket, so on the demand side because of the insurance will always buy the recycled product, if it's available. So if you saw our volume is up, we're buying more cars, we're buying the cars correctly, we should able to continue to grow that business. Obviously, mechanical is still very strong demand. The aging car part probably helps us to that extent. Rob, do you want to supplement?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, I would just add to that, Scott, that obviously with the aging car part that John mentioned, mechanical parts are going to have a little bit more of a shot in the arm here going forward. And as I mentioned on the last call, that our diversification away from some of that collision side of the business is helping as well. So the cooling products and those other type of products, so it is helping, obviously, the growth of the non-collision side of the business.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: All right. As we work our way out of the winter season, could you talk about how April sales have probably looking particularly for the aftermarket side?
Robert L. Wagman: We'd be glad to. Just to retouch on what we talked about in the prepared remarks, claims volumes are down 5% to mid-teens and some of that will carry into Q2, so -- and last year, our Q2 comps were 8.4%. So likely, helped from the strong winter of 2011. So April is off to a slightly sluggish start, and we're really equating that to no backlog coming out of the Q1 mild winter. There are some good signs, though, as John mentioned, higher gas prices in Q1 seem to be abating now a little bit. We're seeing some positive news on miles driven. They're actually -- in February, they're up 1.8%. Our buying and backlog in the salvage business remains very healthy. So assuming claims come back, we're in great shape. And stock ratio on the aftermarket is at its all-time highs, so we're well positioned there. Just one last comment, certified parts programs. We saw a 300 basis point improvement in the number of certified parts from Q1 to Q2. So our manufacturers are still engaged in the business and still helping us grow the business. So hoping that some of those positive tailwinds come through, I think we're in a great position to regain the same-store sales growth.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, and going over to the U.K. with the ECP since that seems to be one of the reasons for the strong performance in the quarter. Can you talk about how they are performing to your initial expectations? And maybe just talk about where the sales growth is right now, maybe just quantify the actual growth rate for revenues at ECP?
John S. Quinn: Scott, I'll try to answer your question. In terms of ECP, it's performing very much in line with what we expected, the base business. I think what we have brought to the table is the capital to let them open their branches at a faster clip. They had -- their cadence have been more based on the cash flow. We said that we would we're prepared to invest more, and so I think to the extent that some of the additional store openings are adding to their revenue base, that's a positive. The opening of the collision business, I think, is probably -- did little bit faster on that. I think we really probably expected that to be in the summer as we got dumped in the spring. And I'm sorry, the other question was?
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Well, just referring to what the sales growth looks like at ECP right now?
John S. Quinn: Sure. I think I mentioned in my remarks, last year, in Q1, we estimated they did about $131 million in revenue and this year, it's $160 million. So they've done a 23% increase year-over-year and that's essentially all organic, obviously including their additional stores.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: All right. And just final question, housekeeping. Just to confirm your guidance, backing out all charges and gains for the year, it's still about $1.72 to $1.85?
John S. Quinn: Correct. We added the -- essentially, we added the Q1 legal settlement into the guidance.
Robert L. Wagman: Scott, I just want to add one last thing to John's comment about ECP. I think part of our strategy has always been the key strong management teams in place after an acquisition. And we certainly achieved that at ECP, and I think that is also another reason why we are meeting our goals and exceeding them slightly because the management team is so engaged.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On ECP, are you having any challenges staffing that level of growth with kind of talented general managers you'd need to place?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, Craig, that was one of my concerns when we originally went to 20, and absolutely not. We are having no problem attracting it. That was the biggest hindrance to growth, was getting the right people on board. We have a human resource department that is firing on all cylinders over there and I have regularly, weekly phone calls with that team and we are meeting their staffing requirements. The leases are falling into place and that's allowing us to go to the 30. So staffing was our major concern, and we're being told no problems whatsoever in getting the proper management in the seats.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And you may have partially addressed this already, but part of the recipe for success with ECP has to be a good partnership with the estimating software platforms. Where are you at with respect to that? Have you been featured in any of their software packages, and might that be a catalyst going forward?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. There are 2 basic estimating systems there as opposed to 3 here in the United States. But one of them has almost a 90% market share from what we're told, and that's Solera, and we are on their estimating system. Our inventory has been mapped. We take our part number and match it to the OE part number. That has been done, and it is now available to both insurers and repairers. The other one is a company called Glassmatix. We are also in their estimating system and showing our inventory. So now repair is very similar to the United States, can see our inventory when writing an estimate.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So can you see when you're getting an order from that system and whether that's having impact yet? I'm sure it's early, but is that some data that you'll be able to capture?
Robert L. Wagman: We cannot. They do not -- we don't know if the shop absolutely selects our part and we don't get a notice back. The notice we get is, of course, is in the form of a sale. But we do know from insurance companies they will tell us anecdotally that they are selecting our parts, and we are starting to see some of that going forward.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then furthermore, on ECP, your primarily core market was a mechanical market. What customer overlap do you have in order to sell your collision repair parts? Is it a fairly high overlap?
Robert L. Wagman: The collision repair shops will use a fair amount of most mechanical parts as well. So we will have something there and certain cooling products as well. The mechanical repairer is going to do the radiator and condenser-type products as well. So it is an overlap with the -- some of the mechanical shops, buying some of those body shop parts but also the other way around. So there will be some overlap. There's approximately 5,000 body shops in the U.K. So it is opening up a market to some of our mechanical parts as well.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And so are you forced to then staff that differently and add collision repair sales people to address that market separately?
Robert L. Wagman: What we have done is we've trained a go-to-person every one of our branches to do that collision repair marketing. All the regional sales managers have been trained already and like I said, we pick up one person from each branch to be the go-to person. So we are actively doing that. And of course, from the last call, I mentioned that we hired an outside marketing director to go after the insurance company. So all the marketing efforts are in place now.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Last question, then. Given the positive inflection in miles driven and the comment you made about APU being up 100%, why did you feel the need to shave a little bit off organic growth given first quarter was pretty good?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, to be clear, APU is up 100 basis points. It looks like it's going to trend that way. Really, just some of the headwinds were maybe April sluggishness. We're a little concerned when the collision market does come back. We were not sure about fuel prices where they will eventually go. But just coming off of a tough quarter with a 3.6% growth. So in order to get to the upper end, we'd have to really hit on a high end of that going forward. And it's just enough uncertainty right now in the marketplace that made us just feel comfortable bringing it down 0.5 point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: So the U.K. business is mostly mechanical. Collision is still pretty small. What's going on in the U.K. mechanical market that's driving all this growth at ECP?
Robert L. Wagman: Bill, as I said, I think we're seeing a shift towards the independent repairer in that marketplace, a lot more comfort level there. Just a shift towards that type of marketplace when it comes to getting away from cars that are out of warranty as well. They're facing an aging car part as well, which is making people feel more comfortable with the independent repairer so I think there's some of that. I think as we mentioned on the last call -- the #1, the former #1 is reorganizing itself right now and they're probably having a little bit of turmoil there as well, so I think we're taking some market share from our competition as well.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And as you start to really move into the collision side of the business, what's the outlook for starting to do salvage parts? Right now, you're just aftermarket, I believe?
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct, Bill. Our thought was to make sure that the insurance companies will live up to their end of the bargain where they said "if we build it, they will come". We are actually looking at salvage opportunities in the U.K. right now. Nothing has been to the point where we're ready to announce a deal, I want to be clear on that. But we are looking at opportunities. There is one major challenge that we face in the U.K., the interchange the we have here in the United States that basically maps the used part to a new part has not been fully developed in the U.K. so we have some work to do there as well. But we want to make sure the aftermarket -- the aftermarket takes off and we're hopeful it does. We certainly will be looking very closely at the salvage market.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Got it, okay. And on a different topic, this explosion in Germany of this resin plant that's now potentially causing shortages for the manufacturers of brake and fuel lines, is there -- I know this might be a stretch or maybe not, but is there any opportunity for you guys to capture some short-term incremental business?
Robert L. Wagman: Probably not. We think everything we've been reading on the topic, we just believe that they're going to find an alternative resin to keep production up. We thought we certainly would have a better chance after the tsunami or the Thailand floods and we saw no interruption there. But we're not thinking that we're going to get any kind of uptick from that. But we're watching it closely. These are brake lines and fuel tanks, lining from what I understand. Not a big market for us in the first place. But we do have that inventory should it become an issue, but we're not anticipating anything at this time.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Got it, okay. And then last question on miles driven on U.S. roadways actually posted year-over-year increases December, January and February. Is there any way from your perspective to kind of determine why that's turned around, especially in light of high fuel prices? And what kind of factors might cause that -- those increases to continue or not to continue going forward?
Robert L. Wagman: It was interesting, actually. One of the biggest markets that had an uptick in miles driven was the northeast at 4.3% and that was solely because they could drive because there was no weather. So we think with fuel coming down, it looks like it is going to come down a little bit, we actually anticipate hopefully that the miles driven will continue to show positive signs. But we believe in Q1, it was clearly related to the fact there was no weather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Patrick Palfrey sitting in for Scott today. I guess, first, you mentioned that you're seeing 100 basis point improvement in alternative parts usage from your channels checks. Is there any particular reason that you're seeing this being up? Is it structural or is it just merely insurance companies looking to keep claims price down?
Robert L. Wagman: I think, Patrick, it's the pressure from the insurance companies to drive costs down. It's also the fact that I mentioned that we have 300 basis point improvement in our certified parts program, so that's certainly adding value as well. This is more parts becoming available into the marketplace. So I think it's a combination of availability of product, as well as insurance company just driving demand.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then I guess, another question, if I may. Just looking at the acceleration there within the recycled parts organic growth, looking into your stack [ph], there was a nice acceleration and I was just wondering do you think you can sort of keep the pace of sales in recycled growth sort of running at this rate?
Robert L. Wagman: We feel confident that was a backlog that we have. Our backlog coming out of Q1 is as good as we've seen it in a while, so we have the inventory. We believe that demand will stay there because of the aging car part. So we're cautiously optimistic that we're well positioned to continue growth in the recycled parts of the business.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a quick housekeeping, if I may. You mentioned you'd acquired 4 businesses in the quarter. You wouldn't happen to know sort of what their annual revenue is from those 4 businesses?
John S. Quinn: We do. It would be about $46 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Prestopino from Barrington Research.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Most have been answered, but John, what tax rate should we be using for the full year? I noticed the tax rate was a little bit lower than we expected.
John S. Quinn: Sure. The tax rate for the quarter was 36.8%, and basically we're going to be around that level for the rest of the year. We're going to anticipate right now. There may be some discrete items in the back half of the year that could move it. But we've built into our accounting just that rate.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Dealing with these insurance companies in the U.K., are they under the same costs?
Robert L. Wagman: Cost pressures?
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, cost pressures and all? I mean, you're starting out with obviously aftermarket parts and you got to gradually or long-term-work end cycle. But is it the same kind of environment that is in the U.S.?
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, it's a little worse, Gary. They have some regulatory government offices that are actually looking into the fact the premiums are so high in the U.K. So they're actually probably getting some governmental pressure that we don't see here in the United States. So they absolutely are -- they need to do something and we think the timing of this thing was perfect in light of what we're seeing over there in terms of the regulatory agencies.
Gary F. Prestopino - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, basically, it's U.K.-based insurers that you're dealing with, there's no -- is there any cross-border?
Robert L. Wagman: The only cross-border we have with them was in Canada. Some of these carriers write also with -- in the U.K. So I think it should be in Canada. So what we see a lot of overlap there, of course, we deal with these in Canada. So we are actually seeing some help from our Canadian friends.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo with Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess, first, on distribution and warehouse expense -- I'm sorry, facility and warehouse expense. Better leverage there than I had expected and I think, John, you had mentioned -- you had referred to ECP as a driver there. Did I hear that correctly?
John S. Quinn: On a year-over-year basis, yes.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And why would ECP help you leverage that expense?
John S. Quinn: Basically, they're operating out of one national warehouse and then a lot of smaller locations. I'm sorry, John, they tend to have a little higher distribution costs because they're -- they need to get the product out typically [indiscernible] within the hour.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then in terms of SG&A and -- well, SG&A in particular. I mean, do you anticipate being able to leverage that even further heading into the second quarter?
John S. Quinn: Q1 is typically our best revenue order for the year. So we may actually, depending on how the seasonality comes down -- the impacts of the weather, we'll just have to see how the revenue plays out. If you look at sequentially, we were pretty pleased actually with the leverage that we got out of the business, the uptick in revenue. We're willing to drive those things down. And I don't know if I want to go into the specifics on the quarter, but I do think if you look at Q4 to Q1 this year, I think you'll see we are getting some leverage out of the business. I know that our management team has been very focused on cost control and we're starting to see some softness in the weather-related products in Q1 we really battened down the hatches there. And I think we saw some of that effect in the back half of Q1.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And if I could just sneak one final one in here. I read something recently about a potential law change in Ohio that would essentially allow anyone to buy salvage vehicles, not just licensed buyers. I mean is this something that, A, could increase auction prices? And I guess, secondly, are there other states that could follow this?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, John, we have a bid card in the state of Ohio where you have to be licensed to attend the auctions. There is a move to open the auctions to the public. And that certainly could cause some pressure on auction costs. However, to your second question, there are some states that do have bid cards, but the vast majority of the auctions are open to dealers and -- pretty open. Ohio actually allows what's called bidder brokers as well. So we're actually seeing the infiltration of the non-bidders into the auction already, so I don't think we're going to see a huge change in Ohio even if that's changed, even if the law passes. But certainly, opening up the actions does make it more competitive and would likely raise prices slightly.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lawrence [ph] with Stephens Inc.
Unknown Analyst: Would you tell us just a little bit there about ECP and talk about the footprint? I mean, with the growth expansion, soon the pretty -- if you look at logistics and how far these are apart, any chance of cannibalizing in those markets?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, we're operating [ph] in 2 locations now, John, and we're adding hopefully 15 to 18 more by the balance of the year. We think they're fully -- and by the way, most of the concentration has been in Central and Southern England. So a lot of these branches are moving north in towards Scotland. We think that surely branches in major metropolitan areas can be 5 miles or so apart. So there's not necessarily cannibalization, it's just better service for the customers, which should allow us an uptick in revenue because customers, as John mentioned in his previous remarks, delivery time is critical in this side of the business. So we believe we'll get to roughly 120 locations by the end of this year, if all goes to plan. We want to add probably another 20 or 25 next year, which adds to about 150. And then on the last call, we talked about these ancillary locations, not full sized branches. Our average branch over there is a 10,000-square foot branch. These would be smaller offshoots in more rural areas that we can get parts to on a less -- hourly delivery basis, but still be able to service the market. That may be another 20 to 25 locations. So when this is all said and done, we'll be at about roughly 175 locations in the U.K. Cannibalization, there is a slight -- when you put one 5 miles apart from each other, we do move some of the revenue from one branch to the other. But again, because of the better service levels we can provide, we do see an uptick in the revenue pretty quickly.
Unknown Analyst: Great. And second question, if you look at the parts offering itself on the plan and you compare it to last year, how much would the improvement be comp-wise at ECP related to product offering? And where would you expect that to go, not only on the based -- on the mechanical side, but as you launched the collision?
John S. Quinn: John, it's John Quinn speaking. They have a very, very high fulfillment rate of their base business, in the high 90s. And one of their competitive advantages, I think, is that they are known as somewhere you can get a part for -- hard-to-find parts for the cars. So year-over-year, I don't know if there's an appreciable increase in terms of their product offerings that will be driving that organic growth. We've invested a couple of million dollars in inventory on the collision parts side. I would say that has been really de minimus in terms of what it contributed to the growth thus far. As Rob mentioned, that is -- it's early days. We're going to see if we can drive the APU usage up in that country. So I think it's probably too early for us to really start giving any kind of numbers, how much that's going to contribute to the growth. It very much is early days.
Unknown Analyst: Great, and last question. Rob, would you walk us through just the time line of what happens in the auction when you've had these sort of mild winters in the past? And what happens to auction prices, say, 6 to 9 months down the road?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, John, generally speaking, when a car is totaled by the insurance company, it could take anywhere from 45 to 70 days before the insurance company gets a probably signed off title and convert it to a salvage title. So to give you an example, an accident today wouldn't be seen in an auction till July in most cases. So we think maybe the mild winter may cause a little bit of stress on the auction pulls. We haven't seen that yet because even today, we're in April, we should be seeing total losses from February, using late January, early February. So it's -- the auctions have been very robust here. But we know the auctions are doing -- trying to get more cars through charities and other types of different sources. So we're not sure what's going to happen in the summer, but we do expect it to be off the volume coming off of a soft winter. As a result, prices may in fact increase as salvage becomes less available. However, the converse to that, of course, is the summer coming up, which is putting more used cars into the marketplace hopefully soon as we start to see an uptick. So there may be some offset there. Manheim is up. The Manheim Index is up 1.6% year-over-year. So honestly, there's still pressure in the used car market. So expect to see a competitive market in the summer with the potential lack of salvage coming out of a mild winter.
Operator: We have come to the end of our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, LaTonya. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call. We appreciate the support, and we look forward to speaking to you in another 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Robert L. Wagman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joshua Wilson Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results and provided our full year 2012 guidance. In the room with me today are Rob Wagman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we will begin our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are currently not known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law.  Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risk. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with the results we reported this morning, for both the solid fourth quarter and full year 2011. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q4 was a record $0.38, an increase of 35.7% as compared to $0.28 for the fourth quarter of 2010. Revenue reached a new quarterly high of $940 million in the quarter, an increase of 39.4% as compared to Q4 2010. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 6.4%. As I reminded everyone on the prior calls, Q4 had 1 fewer day compared to the prior year so a slight decline in this figure was anticipated. For the full year, our EPS from continuing operations was $1.42, up significantly from $1.15 in 2010, representing an increase of 23.5%. Revenue reached a record $3.3 billion in 2011, an increase of 32% as compared to 2010. Total organic revenue growth for the year was 10.7%. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for 2011 was 7.9%, which was at the higher end of our guidance. The continued organic parts and service growth in 2011 is a result of the broadening of our product line offerings, our efforts to optimize our regional distribution network and the increased use by insurers and their DRP networks of alternative, quality replacement parts to reduce claim costs. In the fourth quarter, we witnessed a sequential 90 basis point compression in gross margin, primarily related to commodity pricing and the impact of the Euro Car Parts acquisition, both of which John mentioned during our third quarter call. Next, I'd like to talk about other aspects of our business. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services and aftermarket parts was 5.6% for the quarter including the 1 fewer selling day. During the fourth quarter, we purchased over 58,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is an 18% increase over Q4 2010. As for volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good starting out in 2012, with inventory already on hand and the continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. As mentioned during previous calls, we continue to be focused on the improvement of parts pricing to offset the downward pressure from historically high auction prices on our gross margins. Turning to our self service retail business. During the fourth quarter, we acquired over 90,000 lower-cost self-service and crush only vehicles as compared to 77,000 in Q4 of 2010, which is an 18% increase. In our heavy-duty truck operations, during the fourth quarter, we purchased roughly 1,900 units for resale or parts, as compared to 1,200 in Q4 2010. Overall, the business is performing well and continues to present a long-term growth opportunity for the company. Finally, I want to mention the addition of warehouse capacity in Taiwan. We are now receiving product into our build-to-suit facility that will provide some key advantage to our strategy here in the United States. This leased facility will allow us to buy product direct from the vendors in lesser volumes than full container loads. We will then be able to consolidate this product at our Taiwan facility and send full container loads directly to our U.S. facilities where it is been determined we need the stock. This consolidation will allow us to reduce our touch points in the United States, thereby reducing excess handling costs. This facility will also allow us to realize an improved fill rates by keeping additional safety stock on hand at this location. By buying in bulk and storing in Taiwan, we can more effectively respond to spike in sales to readily replenish any facility in the United States. Moving to acquisitions. On October 3, 2011, we announced the acquisition of Euro Car Parts, the largest automotive aftermarket parts distributor in the United Kingdom. Today, over 140 days since we announced this landmark acquisition and our entry into Europe, I am pleased to announce that Euro Car Parts is progressing in line with expectations. Given the market opportunities in the U.K. and the attractive unit economics at ECP's locations, we anticipate ramping up our total branch openings for 2012 to roughly 20. During the first quarter of the year, we have already added 8 new ECP stores. Also, we have hired a Director of Insurance Marketing for ECP, and we have actively begun our marketing efforts to the insurance carriers in the U.K.  Alongside these marketing efforts, we have simultaneously increased our collision product inventory and identified space at ECP's national distribution center to accommodate future collision parts demand. Our part number data has been successfully mapped to the OE part numbers and provided to the leading estimating company in the U.K. And our products will soon be in a position to be displayed to both insurers and repairers alike. Let me also touch on North American acquisitions from our development efforts in the quarter. We purchased a classic vehicle restoration parts and accessory distribution business in Georgia. We purchased a wholesale salvage business in Idaho and we also purchased a heavy-duty truck operation in Colorado. I am quite pleased with the acquisition pipeline we are witnessing and anticipate continued additions to our North American operations throughout 2012. In addition to our recent performance, we also issued guidance for the full year of 2012. We expect that revenue from parts and services will grow organically in 2012 at the rate of 5.5% to 7.5%. Based on current conditions and excluding restructuring expenses and any gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures, we anticipate full year 2012 income from continuing operations will be in the range of $258 million to $278 million, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the range of $1.72 to $1.85. Cash flow from operations for 2012 is projected to be in the range of $250 million to $280 million. We estimate capital expenditures related to property and equipment will be between $110 million (sic) [$100 million] to $115 million.  And looking at our guidance for 2012, I want to point out that our EPS range is wider than what we've historically projected. The range was modified to accommodate for some softness we are seeing in the collision parts business for the start of 2012. We believe this dynamic is directly reflective of the mild winter we've accounted throughout most of the United States, clearly a short-term phenomenon in relationship to our long-term business strategy. In addition, the first quarter of 2012 has tougher comp for the first quarter of 2011, which as you know, is one of the most severe winters on record. Despite the softness, our non-collision heavy-duty truck remanufacturing and ECP businesses are performing as expected. Lastly, on November 7, 2011, the Board of Directors elected Joe Holsten as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Prior to his election as Chairman of the Board, Joe was the company CEO since our founding in 1998. On behalf of the LKQ team and our fellow stockholders, I want to thank Joe for his dedication and leadership and friendship during his tenure as CEO. I congratulate him on his well-earned new role at LKQ. At this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Hopefully, everyone's had the chance to review our press release this morning, and as Joe mentioned, we expect to file our 10-K with the SEC in the next few days, so please watch for that as well. I'd like to point out that we expanded the disclosures in the press release by breaking out the United Kingdom operations in a bit of detail in the new segment that we are referring to as Europe. While that segment shares a lot of economic characteristics with the North American segment, we thought investors would be interested in hearing how those operations are developing. So you'll note that in our press release and when we file our 10-K and other SEC filings, we show 2 reportable segments, North America and Europe. I also wanted to point out that we've added a new line to the income statement called Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Liabilities. This line is composed of changes in the contingent purchase price associated with acquisitions, previously included in other income and expense.  Rob has already given you a breakdown of the major year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll supplement what he said with a few other data points. For Q4, our total organic revenue growth was 6.4% and we delivered additional growth of 33.1% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned that the Q4 2011 organic growth for recycled and aftermarket was 5.6%. Other revenue, which is where we recorded our scrap commodity sales, was up 22%, approximately 1/2 of this was organic growth as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis and because we had higher volume of scraps and cores. 11% of the increase was a result of acquisitions. In Q4 2011, revenue from our self-service business was $73 million or 7.7% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 33% of this revenue was part sales included in recycled and related products, 67% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven by the 8 deals we completed in Q4 2010 and the 21 deals we executed in 2011. In Q4, the impact to revenue from acquisitions was $223 million, of which $138 million was accounted for by the Euro Car Parts transaction. Gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 41.7%, which was down 100 basis points from the 42.7% in the same period of 2010. In last quarter's call, I indicated 2 things that could impact the margin in Q4 2011. One was that ECP margins, Euro Car Parts that is, will be a bit lower than the North American operations and that has impacted our margins by about 60 basis points. I also mentioned that if scrap prices fell, we could see a few cents of EPS impact that would show up in the gross margin. So although scrap prices were higher year-over-year, because they fell sequentially in Q4 2011, they did impact our Q4 2011 margin. We believe that the scrap price changes accounted for the balance of the decline in gross margin not explained by ECP. As promised, we're taking a moment just to add a few comments on the sequential gross margins. Gross margins decreased from 42.6% in Q3 2011 to 41.7% in Q4 2011, a drop of 90 basis points. The explanation here is very similar to the year-over-year explanation, Euro Car Parts operations were about 60 basis points of that impact and we believe the drop in the commodity prices accounted for much of the balance. Our facility and warehouse distribution SG&A expenses were 30.3% of revenue in Q4 2010 and in Q4 2011. Unfortunately, we didn't get better leverage here given the revenue increase because distribution cost were up about 30 basis points on higher fuel and freight costs, while the rest of the costs were down by about the same amount as the percentage of revenue. During the quarter, we reported $2.3 million of restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. These were roughly split among the items related to North American acquisitions and the legal and other costs related to the Euro Car Parts acquisition.  Operating income was $90.1 million in Q4 2011 compared to $73.1 million in 2010, an improvement of $17 million or 23%. Net interest expense of $6.5 million was $200,000 favorable to Q4 2010. This improvement is due to lower interest rates being paid as a result of our new credit facility and lower swap costs almost entirely being offset by higher borrowing levels as we've funded our 2011 acquisitions through debt. Our effective borrowing rate was 2.84% in Q4 2011 compared to 4.53% in Q4 2010. Our year-to-date tax rate is 37.4%, whereas [ph] the Q4 tax rate was 33.3%. This lower Q4 rate included a number of favorable items during the quarter as a result of changes in tax reserves and valuation allowances, as well as the benefit of a lower rate in the U.K. as foreign income becomes a larger percentage of our total. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.38 in Q4 2011 compared to $0.28 in 2010. The impact on EPS of restructuring costs and costs we wrote off in conjunction with the ECP acquisition is approximately $0.01 after tax. Excluding these 2 items from our EPS, EPS from continuing operations was $0.39 for the quarter, an improvement of 39% over the reported $0.28 for the same period last year, which also excluded restructuring expenses. For the full year of 2011, we reported EPS from continuing operations of $1.42 compared to $1.15 in 2010, an increase of 23%. In 2011, we incurred $0.03 of restructuring costs, $0.02 of debt write-off costs and $0.01 of favorable EPS impact from contingent payment adjustments. In 2010, these items rounded to less than $0.01, so on an adjusted basis 2011 EPS was $1.46 compared to $1.15 in 2010 or an increase of 27%. Cash flow from operations for the full year 2011 was $212 million compared to $159 million in 2010, an improvement of $53 million and in excess of our guidance of approximately $195 million. The primary driver of year-over-year improved cash flows was improvement in net income of $41 million, which included $13 million of additional depreciation and amortization. The rest of the items impacting cash flow were more or less net to zero with the equity-based compensation and debt write-off add-backs to income of $15.5 million almost equaling the net increase of $14.9 million in working capital from receivables inventory, prepaid expenses, less obviously the increase in accounts payable. During the year, we spent $487 million in cash on acquisitions, the largest being the Euro Car Parts deal in Q4, which accounted for $294 million. Through the year, we issued 1.5 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options and equity compensation and that resulted in $20 million in cash, including related tax benefits. At the end of the year, LKQ's debt was $956 million and cash and equivalents were $48 million. Availability under our $1.4 billion credit facility was $454 million, including the then undrawn term loan of $200 million. We drew down that term loan on January 31, 2012, and used those proceeds to partly repay our revolver. We have $35 million of letters of credit supported by the facility, but those are taking into account our liquidity of $454 million. With the cash of $48 million on the balance sheet, our total availability was $502 million. We added 5 interest rate swaps during the quarter. Our debt under the credit facility as of year end was 69% fixed and 31% floating. Turning to guidance. I just want to remind everybody and make it clear what we've included and excluded from our guidance. As we've always done, our guidance excludes any restructuring or transaction costs, gains or losses, capital expenditures and cash flows associated with acquisitions. With the ECP acquisition, we expect to incur some additional charges or changes in contingent consideration liabilities, which is why we broke those out in the Q4 income statement. I'll remind everybody that this can be either negative or positive, but in any case, we're excluding them from our guidance as well. Rob noted that we expect our parts and services organic revenue growth to be 5.5% to 7.5%. Our guidance for income from continuing operations is $258 million to $278 million, which equates to $1.72 to $1.85 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. And we expect to spend in the range of $100 million to $115 million for capital expenditures. This figure is higher than the $86 million we spent in 2011, but obviously, we're a much larger company and we have some carryover spending from 2011 on several greenfield projects that we started last year. Cash flow from operations are expected to be in the range of $250 million to $280 million, assuming net income flows through to cash and there are no major changes in the way our working capital grows relative to sales. Just take a moment to discuss some of the things Rob and I considered when establishing the guidance. We don't provide quarterly guidance, but I will just point out that Q1 2011, we benefited from fairly severe weather, which drove up the number of accidents and approximately a $0.02 contribution of rising commodity prices. This year, we're seeing a mild winter, commodity prices are flattish to Q4 2011. The prices are actually about 5% to 10% lower than Q1 last year, so that will impact other revenue on a year-over-year basis. And scrap prices at the moment are marginally lower than they were on average for the whole of last year. Our 2011 -- in 2011, our other revenue grew over 2010 in part because our other revenue category grew as commodity prices grows. The guidance assumes stable auction commodity prices compared to today's level. If that assumption holds true, you should expect to see other revenue grow compared to Q4 2011, more in line with the volume of cars we buy. But as prices fluctuate, you will see an impact on that revenue line. Other revenue, where we record scrap and core revenue, dropped from 17% of total revenue in Q3 to only 13% in Q4, primarily because of the ECP transaction. So our exposure to commodity prices is being diluted but as we have repeatedly pointed out, the carrying cost of short-term fluctuations. We're seeing negative year-over-year mile-driven comparisons and there seems to be some threat of higher gas prices returning. But having said that, we did note that the miles driven actually increased in December 2011, the last month we've seen reported, after falling for 9 consecutive months. The guidance assumes the economy gets modestly better later this year, and the miles-driven trends stabilizes and starts to improve.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Rob to summarize before we open to questions.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, John. To summarize, we are very pleased with the fourth quarter and our performance throughout 2011. Despite milder than anticipated weather conditions, which are not in our control, we are excited about the opportunities that are firmly in our control for 2012 and beyond. Our entry into Europe via ECP provides exciting growth opportunities both in the U.K. and eventually continental Europe as well. We will continue to execute ECP's strategy of aggressive expansion this year and in fact, accelerate new store openings. Here in North America, we believe there are ample opportunities to continue our growth across all business units, strategic tuck-in and greenfield markets are available in our full and self-serve businesses. Our reman engine platform is now sufficient to support our growth objectives for the foreseeable future. We will continue our efforts to add additional product lines as we execute upon our one-stop shop goal for our collision and mechanical customers. And finally, I expect our HD division to grow as well as we add strategic geographic locations to better meet the demands of our expanding customer base. All of these business units, supported by our 17,000 plus dedicated employees allow us to project solid EPS gains for 2012. The low end of our guidance represents a 21% increase over our 2011 results and at the high end, we would increase EPS 30% year-over-year. Keep in mind that our EPS in 2011 exceeded 2010 EPS by 23%. So you can see that we expect to continue the success we achieved in 2011. Kevin, we are now prepared to open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James.
Joshua Wilson: This is Josh filling in for Sam today. A couple of questions about your outlook for 2012. Just want to get a handle where we stand after you've had Euro Car in the business for a little bit. What do you expect for gross margins to look like in the year especially given that there was some softness in the quarter here?
John S. Quinn: Sure, Josh. It's John Quinn speaking. I always said that if you look at our margins from a sequential point of view, it's probably easiest to understand. So Euro Car Parts was in Q4 for the full quarter. There is a couple of cents impact from falling commodity prices in Q4 over Q3 that probably compressed the margins a little bit in Q4. So our expectation is that if you take that out, that, barring any changes in scrap prices or car costs, is where we're expecting to come out in Q1 and going forward. As I mentioned on the comments, right now, scrap prices are pretty flattish to Q4, so we don't anticipate anything hidden [ph] there and car prices at the auctions are really been running fairly consistent for the last couple of quarters so we don't anticipate anything there. Obviously, in the later half of the year, as some of the pricing programs that we're working on hopefully start to take another little bite of the apple, we may see some improvement in the back half of the year.
Joshua Wilson: And a similar question, you mentioned there were some unique items in the tax rate for the fourth quarter along with the Euro Car effect, what would you say your new normalized tax rate is going to be going forward with Euro Car in the mix?
John S. Quinn: Sure. We're not providing specific guidance with respect to tax rate but what we do see is that from budgeting purposes, we're using somewhere in the 37% to 37.5% range. In Q4, had some true ups in valuation reserves and that sort of thing. You would normally see that in Q4. Having said that, we do expect over time as the international operations grow faster than the domestic ones, over time, you should see the tax rate drift down. The tax rate in the U.K. is obviously lower than here.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Well, first on ECP, can you tell us what guidance assumes regarding the contribution from ECP? I think, in the past you had thought maybe $0.15 to $0.18 for the full year assuming you did not achieve the earnouts.
John S. Quinn: Again, we're not giving segment guidance per se. I think, what Rob indicated was that the transactions been progressing in line really what we gave previously though.
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, that's correct. We think it's going to be in that range of $0.15 to $0.18. We're not really going to update that at this time.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. And then just digging in again on ECP, how many stores do you have today? Can you remind me of that number? I think you said you wanted to add 20 to that base, which is a big number. And then I'm interested in what you think that market, the U.K. market can support, long-term, in terms of the number of stores that you operate.
Robert L. Wagman: When we bought the -- when we [indiscernible] go with ECP in October, there were 89 stores. We've added 8 in this quarter already and there was 1 added in December. So we're at 98 locations. We think the right number is going to be somewhere around 120, Craig, to fully develop the network. So we think we'll be at 20 by the end of this year. As far as the what the market -- the overall market, 120 seems to be the number, what we'll also do is open some satellite stores. They won't be full branch stores to support some of the remote areas of the U.K. So I think when we're all said and done, we could be in the 135 range.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: 135. That's helpful. And then talk about a little bit the SG&A or just operating cost impact of that very rapid growth on the P&L.
John S. Quinn: Let me just point out a few things. If you look at the sort of sequential or year-over-year, you can see there's a little bit of a flux going on in the income statement. When you look at total facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A, the U.K. operations are actually very similar to the domestic operations or the North American operations, except you'll see there's a little bit of a flop. The European operations have lower facility and warehouse costs as a percent of revenue, and they have higher SG&A costs. So you can see that in the income statement if you compare year-over-year, but we think it's going to be very similar to what we see here domestically. Over time, we should see some leverage coming through some of that just as we do here, putting more product through the same warehouses as we are able to start to ramp up some of the collision work, and I'm talking longer-term here. And in terms of putting the new stores in, generally speaking, they do lose money for a couple of months but within the first year, they start to turn a profit.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then with respect to ECP and the organic growth, the parts and service organic growth number you share with us is a North America number, correct? And does not include ECP?
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: What do you think the organic growth rate is or what would you comp? What would a good expectation for comps be in that particular business given how rapidly you're growing it?
Robert L. Wagman: On the last call, Craig, we mentioned that we thought it'd be in the high teens for organic growth, and we're sticking with that. At that time, we projected 10 to 12 locations, so might be a little bit higher with the acceleration we're doing but it's going to be in the high teens.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's comps plus including stores?
Robert L. Wagman: Correct.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And last question, you made 4 deals in the fourth quarter, 1 of which was ECP. The other -- the revenue contribution from the other 3, can you give us a sense of what the annual revenue contribution would have been?
John S. Quinn: When we -- I'll look it up. Maybe we should go on another caller now. I'll respond in a second.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Lovallo from Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question is historically, I think we've thought about margin expansion in the 50 to 75 basis point range. ECP now seems to at least temporarily, if not structurally, lowered the gross margin. I mean, the question would be is there enough leverage in the other operating expenses to kind of still achieve that 50 to 75 basis points?
Robert L. Wagman: We are confident, John, that we'll continue to be -- that is our goal. As we mentioned in previous calls, that tends to be a little lumpy depending on the acquisitions. Having done 21 acquisitions last year, tend to see a little bit of a roller coaster ride in getting those numbers, but we certainly are standing by those predictions going forward.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Next question, it looks like your payable base spiked in the quarter. Was there anything behind that? Am I missing something?
Robert L. Wagman: Not exactly unusual. It maybe the ECP -- well, ECP has longer payment terms than us. I guess, that would be the right answer.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And if I could sneak one more in here. There's some recent data out of Polk that suggests that first-time buyers of vehicles or the new vehicle buyer is holding a vehicle up to 6 years, and I guess, the question is, that kind of gets into where your sweet spot is. And I'm wondering, is there a difference in alternative parts usage between a new vehicle owner versus a secondhand buyer?
Robert L. Wagman: No, there isn't. As long as there's insurance on that car, certainly on the collision side of the business, the insurance company is making that decision, John. So no impact whatsoever. Obviously, if a brand-new car comes off the assembly line, most insurance companies are a little reluctant to write alternative parts in the first year but as the car ages, it obviously ramps up. But no difference between first and second time owners.
John S. Quinn: And Craig, just to follow-up on your question, the other acquisitions are about $20 million of annualized revenue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question I had was, with the -- all these acquisitions you've made between the engines and ECP and everything, is there now a more normalized cadence of revenue swings throughout the year? I mean, I know the third quarter used to be the most volatile, but I would assume that ECP, given the nature of their business, may actually have a little better quarter than the third quarter than your traditional business. And I just was trying to sort of see how this may flow now on a more normalized basis.
Robert L. Wagman: Well, Tony, I certainly think that as we continue to grow and diversify our business, we are certainly less susceptible to winter and weather conditions actually. So I think you're going to start to see our revenue more normalized across the quarters but certainly, here in North America, we'll still certainly see Q1 as being the largest impact. But certainly ECP, the reman engine, which is more consistent, they actually have a little bit of a spike in the summer with the really hot weather. So I think you'll see a little bit more normalization, but Q1 will still continue to be our best quarter. Even ECP is a little bit tied to the weather with cold weather. Certainly, their sales of mechanical parts, rotating electric parts, definitely ramp up in the winter months.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And how has their winter been? Has it been off to the same start that yours has been sort of here domestic?
Robert L. Wagman: It was a little soft, but then they got a little bit of blast here in late January, early February. So they had a little nice pick. Europe, as you may have seen on the news, obviously got our winter this year and had some really cold spells over there. So they -- it's a little slow start but they definitely got some tailwind in late January, early February.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And if we look at sort of the detail that you provided in the EBITDA segment, it looks like the EBITDA on the Euro Car side is just under 9%, which is certainly below the core LKQ. And I'm just wondering, how much of that is opportunity to make up over time and what would be the biggest areas that you could sort of attack to improve that overall EBITDA?
John S. Quinn: Sure, Tony, I'll just put one comment and then maybe Rob can answer. On that segment disclosure, we allocated the restructuring cost and the deal cost back to the European segment, so that is probably a little bit suppressed from what an otherwise normal EBITDA margin would be. I think we did talk, at the time of the deal, that the European operations or ECP has a little bit lower margin. Part of that we think is because they are growing so quickly and as I mentioned, they do lose money on the initial store openings for a little while. So if they were to stop the growth rate, I think that some of that would just naturally come back, then we would start to see it converging towards the margin. We think that the collision parts may have a little bit higher margin than the normal hard parts market that right now comprises the majority of the revenue. I think over time you'll see convergence to a mean, if you will, but it's going to take a while, quite frankly. Rob, do you...
Robert L. Wagman: I was going to add to that, Tony, that the collision parts market is sort of similar to what we've done here in the States of our concept of getting more products on the same truck. Encouraged by that deal, as we add collision parts there, we're not adding delivery trucks. We're putting it on existing distribution. So we're going to drive more revenue with the same expenses, and certainly, we'll see that pull through in the bottom line. But as John mentioned, it will take time. Initial signs on the collision market, we pretty much started our process in late December, hired a manager to start marketing to the collision repair shops. And just from January to December, we had a 21% increase, granted on a small number but as we get ready to launch here in late March and April on the estimating systems, we expect to see that ramp up pretty quickly and start to pull through on the bottom line.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. One other question, maybe pertaining to sort of what you're doing over in Taiwan. That facility, is it dedicated to procurement or sourcing products for the U.S. or some of that end up over in Europe? And then, two, how much of your product was coming in at sort of a less than container load? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, how big of an opportunity from a cost saved does this present?
Robert L. Wagman: Let me answer your first question as yes, this will absolutely help the U.K., probably even as much if not more the United States. As they're starting to get up and running, their demand will be a lot lower than LKQ's. To your second question, we weren't shipping less than container loads to the United States. But what we would have to do, for example in Chicago, we would bring all the containers into Chicago, break the containers down and then send them out to the remote branches. After Chicago, it was going to Iowa, Missouri, Wisconsin and Minnesota for example. So now what we have the ability to do is we'll take all that product into our Taiwan facility, break it down in Taiwan and then load the cans directly to the Iowas, the Wisconsins, et cetera. So there'll be much less touch points. So really not a financial impact to be gained here but more of an efficiency. That the parts will get there quicker to the locations and less touch points here in the United States. The more important parts that I'd like to mention about this deal is that it's allowing us to put safety stock there. A lot of our manufacturers, Tony, are smaller in nature, and we have to buy limited amounts and we have always funneled that through to existing other vendors that we bought from. Now we can buy directly from those people and our in-stock fill rates we're expecting to go slightly higher as a result of this. So less touch points, better fill rates and finally, the last thing I would add to this is I think it's going to give us a major competitive advantage over our competition in that they don't have the ability to do this and because of the fill rates going up, we'll be in better condition than any one of those competitors we have.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And John, maybe interest expense, how should we think about that for the year? And I'll drop off.
John S. Quinn: Sure. Obviously, the fact that the envelope, the cash flow guidance of $250 million to $280 million minus the capital expenditures, so barring any acquisitions, we're going to have positive free cash flow. So the balance will drift down, but we've got about 69% fixed interest expense already with the swaps and we're not really forecasting a dramatic movement in the LIBOR. So we're not really anticipating the overall interest rate to change a lot. It's really going to depend on if we do any acquisitions, how much debt we're able to pay off, or if it ends up growing.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Nate Brochmann from William Blair and Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit further in terms of the pricing initiatives. Obviously, it seems like you're making a little bit of headway, sounds like maybe some more even towards the end of the year. Just wondering if you could elaborate now that we're into that a little bit in terms of where you've seen that greatest traction and where you still see the greatest opportunity.
John S. Quinn: Sure. We'll continue to work on this. I'd like to use a baseball analogy. We're probably in the third inning of a 9-inning game here. As we mentioned on previous calls, Nate, our core retrieval program has been very, very successful. Not only is it helping us generate some revenue, but it's also generating product for our remanufactured division. So we'll continue to work on that and push that program as we add product lines as well. We talked about deviation controls in the past and our ability to keep our reps tied to a certain sales price and those continue to grow as well. One of the initiatives we did last year that paid dividends is we encouraged our managers to sell deeper and inventory deeper into the vehicles, so getting more value out of the same salvage that we once had. As I mentioned on the last call, we felt pretty confident our margins had bottomed out in Q3 and they have. It appears they have. Again, when you take off the ECP and the commodity dip, we are making some progress there. In terms of where the benefits lie the future, we continue to work on price maximization. We're working on algorithms now to see price points where we can touch our price points. I think that might be perhaps our biggest opportunity as we look at supply and demand algorithms to raise prices in across all product lines actually, so we'll continue those efforts as well, as well as working on system enhancements that make our reps better decision-makers as we continue.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then could you give a little bit of update in terms of back here in the U.S., in terms of your facility updates in terms of co-locating facilities, facility upgrades, kind of where we are with that CapEx cycle?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure, I'll talk about where we are in terms of doing those and John can jump in with financial impact. We've always had a strategy here in the United States of upgrading our warehouse, particularly in the aftermarket side of the business. It's a continual process and every year, we do budget bigger warehouses and consolidating of warehouses. We're certainly done with the consolidation and integration of the Keystone LKQ warehouses. That's all been done, but as we continue to grow, we continue to upgrade our warehouses. So every year, I would say we have anywhere between 15 and 20 projects of upgrading warehouse capacity. With the Akzo acquisition we did last May, we had to do some upgrading of warehouses there as well to accommodate for the paint storage. So we will continue to do that for the foreseeable future as we continue to grow. You also had a question -- a little bit of a question about the salvage side of the business and what we're doing in that respect as well. We've started to do some interesting consolidation of some of our product lines. For example, in Leominister, Massachusetts, we've split one of our full-service yards in half to make one side full-service, the other half self-service. So getting some synergies there as well. We've also started what we call an in-between yard. Traditionally on the self-service, it's a lower dollar car and of course, a full-service tends to be a much higher dollar car. But there's a car in the middle between those 2 numbers there and we're looking at opportunities in that side of the business as well. And some of those operations have been shared now, co-mingling with the full-serve yard or self-serve yard. So we'll continue that process as well. John, anything you want to add on the financial side, with the CapEx?
John S. Quinn: I don't think so. I think it's just sort of normal in terms of the CapEx spend. Every year, we have some of these expenditures. I think that's just built into our normal guidance here.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one housekeeping question, do you guys have the capability to tell us what organic growth would have been on a same-day basis if we took out the 1 less day this quarter versus a year ago?
John S. Quinn: Not really. You can -- the way we count it, there are 63 days.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Stember from Sidoti & Company.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: You talked about the weather and the impact it had on the business. Could you maybe just frame it out the fourth quarter versus what you're seeing in the first quarter, just the magnitude?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. I figured we were going to get this question today and as I thought about how I would answer, Scott, I thought the best way was probably to answer this question is to really reflect upon our strategy since early 2004. At that time, we made a conscious effort as a company to reduce our exposure to the salvage and commodity markets by entering the aftermarket parts industry. We fast forward 7 years, and as a result of our efforts to add additional product lines, we find nearly 50% of our budget revenue this year will be derived from non-collision type sources. So we've really worked our way away from the exposure we have in terms of weather. So not only have we successfully reduced our exposure to the commodity markets, I think we've done a good job of insulating ourselves from the anomalies of a winter like we're having today. With that said, we certainly would prefer a much more robust winter and it's more mild than we care to see, especially when you compare the comps. Last year was one of the worst records on history for winter and this year was one of our softest. But we have some data from -- to answer your question about what we're seeing in terms of what the mildness is happening in Q1, we certainly deal with the estimating companies that follow and track the insurance industry. Our intelligence there tells us that claims are down roughly 4% to 5% year-over-year through January, but as I said earlier, despite the fact that with all this slower weather, warmer weather, our non-collision divisions, specifically heavy-duty truck reman, self-serving ECP are performing very well. So we're confident once we get to more normalized spring weather, our collision related sales will be back on plan and to give you some indication of where we are in January, despite the warmer weather, we actually did have -- in the strong comps year-over-year, we did realize same store sales growth in January. So while it's been a factor, it's not been to the point where we're ready to obviously be concerned about the fact that Q1 is not going to be made. We think we were diversified enough that we can mitigate the warmer weather.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: While there was an impact in the fourth quarter, it seems like the first quarter would probably have a little bit more just given the fact that most of the winter is the first quarter.
Robert L. Wagman: Correct, correct. But again, with these non-collision divisions that we have now, they're doing very well, so they're making up any kind of softness that we're seeing.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Great. And on the aftermarket side, can you talk about the NSF testing program that you have and what stage that's in and how it's affecting your aftermarket sales?
Robert L. Wagman: Sure. What we're seeing in certification programs, let me give you an update on that, AQRP which is really where our NSF program is today, we've increased from year-over-year, a total of 900 -- 9,900 parts, an increase of 5%. CAPA, as we predicted, will be the competition from NSF. Their certified parts are up 10%, coming in at 4,300 and NSF of course, which now is in the certification business, has doubled year-over-year to come up to 850 parts. So certainly, we believe that the impact that's going to have is with insurance companies that only write certified parts, the more parts in the program, the better. I refer to those estimating companies who really talk about claim count. They reported year-over-year -- well, one reported a 40 basis point improvement in alternative parts and the other reported a 50 basis point improvement. So we are still making progress and whittling away at the OE market share. And I'd like to remind everybody, of course, State Farm, the largest insurance company in the country is still on the sideline, not writing alternative parts. We believe that these alternative parts are going beneficial and will continue to eat away at the OE market share.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And last question with ECP, you talked about how you are tackling, growing the collision side of the business. Can you just remind us again the percentage of APU right now from your ECP business and what the opportunity is there?
Robert L. Wagman: Absolutely. We believe through our intelligence that the alternative part usage is less than 10%. We believe also through our research we've done with the estimating companies, it's about a $6 billion collision repair market and the parts -- the replacement parts in that will be somewhere between $2.5 billion to $3 billion. So plenty of opportunity there to grow. And our initial response as we've hired this new gentleman to go market to the insurance companies, they're very receptive to our introduction here again late March, early April.
Operator: Our final question is coming from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scot Ciccarelli. You guys have been obviously on a torrid acquisition path here, with all the different businesses you acquired because you've gotten a little bit of -- kind of what you historically have done obviously. Are there any segments that kind of stick out where maybe you haven't gotten the synergies that you had expected when you first made the deal? I'm just wondering if there was maybe a common denominator over regarding what has worked and what hasn't?
Robert L. Wagman: I think the answer to that question is no, we haven't had any really tough surprises on integration. We're getting these companies very quickly converted to our systems, integrated into the distribution network. So no, I would have to say that overall, we've been very pleased and really wouldn't change much on that. Of course, the ECP deal, there was very little integration involved there. So our first European deal didn't really have much to worry about in that respect, in integration. But here in North America, really no surprises as we work through these deals, regardless of the product line we're doing.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Interesting. And then you kind of referenced this regarding alternative part usage in the last question I believe, but if the economy gets a little bit better, it seems like we're starting to head that way, do you think that changes the appetite for alternative part usage either from the consumer level or at the insurance company level at all?
Robert L. Wagman: Actually, no because last year, the insurance industry had their second worst catastrophe experienced in the last 20 years, I believe. I went back 15 but I believe it was actually 20 next to 2005 with Hurricane Katrina. So they are still under enormous pressure to get cost out of the business. The industry data we've seen is that the insurance market is going to get much more competitive, sort of premium dollars. So I think they'll continue to slug it out and as they continue to fight for premium dollars, they'll be looking under every stone and looking for opportunities. So perhaps maybe if a person gets a new car, if the SAR [ph] rate was to go up dramatically, it might be a little bit of a decline initially just because of the newer cars coming into the marketplace but as far as insurance industry goes, I said don't think there will be any downturn whatsoever in their appetite for alternative parts.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then my last question is regarding the aftermarket business. Is that the majority of your aftermarket segment collision at this stage or is there a lot of mechanical in there?
Robert L. Wagman: It is getting diversified more and more. Today though it is still the majority is collision. Although we are entering into the cooling business more and more, which is more mechanical side, but of course at ECP, most of their revenue is on the mechanical side as opposed to collision side at this point.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Robert L. Wagman: Thanks, Kevin. We want to respect everyone's time, so we look forward to speaking again in 60 days when we announce the Q1 results at that time. Thanks for joining the call today and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John S. Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert L. Wagman - Co-Chief Executive Officer and President Joseph P. Boutross - Director of Investor Relations Joseph M. Holsten - Acting Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Member of Government Affairs Committee
Analysts: Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division John R. Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Joe Boutross, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ. Thank you. Mr. Boutross, you may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross: Thanks, Manny. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our third quarter 2011 financial results and provided our updated guidance for 2011. In the room with me today are Joe Holsten, LKQ's acting Chairman and Co-chief Executive Officer; Rob Wagman, President and Co-chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joe, Rob and John have some prepared remarks, and then we will open the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audio cast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for information on potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has got a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Wagman.
Robert L. Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q3 were $0.33, an increase of 32%, as compared to $0.25 for the third quarter of 2010. Please note that the third quarter 2011 diluted earnings per share results included a $0.01 charge for restructuring and acquisition costs. Revenue reached a record $784 million in the quarter, an increase of 29%, as compared to Q3 2010. Total organic revenue growth for the quarter was 11.1% and 12.3% for the first 9 months of 2011. Organic revenue growth for Parts and Services for the quarter was 7.6% and 8.8% for the first 9 months of 2011. This continued organic parts and services growth is a result of the broadening our product line offerings and the ongoing optimization of our regional distribution network as we continue to integrate newly acquired companies into the system. This has also resulted in continued improvement in our operating expense leverage. Although we continue to face the headwinds of higher cost of salvage, higher gas prices and the continued pressure on miles driven, we announced today that we have adjusted our organic same-store sales growth range to 7% to 8% versus our previous guidance of 6% to 8%. In addition, we changed our earnings guidance, which John will cover shortly. As mentioned on previous calls, the company continues to implement pricing initiatives in our salvage operations to offset some of the operating pressures we are facing. I am also happy to report that we have realized sequential, gross margin improvements in our salvage operations, in part, as a result of these initiatives.  In our Wholesale Parts division, demand for LKQ's recycled parts remained strong during the quarter. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was 8.4% for the quarter. Recycled parts revenue growth from acquisitions was 15.7% for Q3. In the first 9 months of 2011, our recycled parts business grew organically 10.1%, compared to the same period in 2010.  During the quarter, we purchased 57,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 15% increase over Q3 2010. As anticipated in our Q2 call, there was a healthy volume of cars at the auction in Q3. With on-hand product and maintenance of our existing rate of vehicle acquisition, we should have sufficient inventory to continue to grow our recycled parts operations. We are also seeing good growth in our wholesale vehicle salvage, as well as our heavy-duty truck operations.  Turning to aftermarket. Our aftermarket refurbished revenue increased 25.4% for the quarter, with organic growth rate of 6.9%, a sequential increase from Q2 of 2011. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of generally robust inventory levels, allowing us to reach the higher end of our traditional in-stock rates. Aftermarket and refurbished revenue from acquisitions grew 18.3%. And lastly, on October 6, the company became the first certified automotive parts distributor under the new NSF International Automotive Parts Distributor Certification Program. This NSF program requires formal corrective action to complaints and an immediate recall plan, if and when necessary. To earn certification, LKQ was required to demonstrate effective record systems and inventory tracking systems to track orders and parts through the supply chain. We are pleased to be the first participant in this program, and NSF has nearly 1,000 parts already certified and a similar amount currently in the process of evaluation for certification. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe Holsten to talk about other aspects of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Joseph M. Holsten: Thanks, Rob. Turning to our Self Service Retail businesses. During the third quarter, we acquired 90,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush only cars, as compared to 75,000 in the third quarter of 2010, an increase of 19.5%. We saw the cost of these cars rise about 37%. Similar to the second quarter, part of the increase in the cost of these cars is a result of higher scrap prices. The business is performing well and continues to present a long-term growth opportunity for our company. Our heavy-duty truck operations. During the third quarter, we purchased roughly 1,600 units for resale or parts, as compared to only 1,100 in the third quarter of 2010. We continue to build out this business, as indicated by 3 heavy-duty truck acquisitions we closed in the quarter, which added locations in California, Washington, Montana and Oregon. These acquisitions highlight our focus on establishing a national network over the next few years. In addition, the focus of establishing a national network was validated by a recent agreement we signed with Navistar to manage their used and surplus parts facility in Marshfield, Missouri. LKQ's heavy-duty business will manage the receipt, storage and the sale of Navistar's surplus and obsolete parts. In addition to the heavy-duty acquisitions, I'd like to touch on other development efforts that we completed during the quarter. We purchased 3 wholesale salvage businesses with locations in California, Idaho and Minnesota. We added to our cooling parts business with the acquisition of a distributor in North Carolina. We picked up 2 self-service businesses, one in Texas and the other in California. And lastly, we acquired one engine remanufacturing business in the state of Washington. In addition to our development efforts during the quarter, on October 3, the company announced the acquisition of Euro Car Parts, the largest automotive aftermarket parts distributor in the United Kingdom. The acquisition of Euro Car Parts represents an important strategic step for LKQ. It's always been our goal to acquire the best companies in our respective markets. Euro Car Parts represents that type of company in the U.K. with its impressive track record of growth, excellent distribution network and strong management team. Euro Car Parts provides an ideal entry point to Europe for LKQ.  And lastly, the company announced that Donald F. Flynn, founder of our company and the Chairman of our Board, passed away on October 10. Again, on behalf of our employees and shareholders, I'd like to thank and acknowledge Don for his vision, his wisdom and his dedication to our people and our shareholders. Due to Don's passing, in the interim, I will be the acting Chairman of the Board, pending the Board of Directors electing a permanent replacement for Don. At this time, I'd like to ask John to provide some details on the financial results for the quarter.
John S. Quinn: Thanks, Joe. Rob has already given you a breakdown of the major year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll just supplement what he said with a few other data points. For Q3, our total organic revenue growth was 11.1%, and we had an additional growth of 17.6% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned that the Q3 2011 organic growth for parts and services was 7.6%. Other revenue, which is where we record our scrap commodity sales, was up 53.3%. Approximately 32.5% of this was organic growth, as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis and because we had higher volumes of scraps and cores. 20.7% of that increase was a result of acquisitions. In Q3 2011, revenue from our self-service business was $76 million or 9.7% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 30% of this revenue was part sales included in recycled and related products, and 70% scrap and core sales, which we included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven by the 15 deals we did in the last half of 2010 and the 7 deals we did in the first half of 2011 and the 10 deals we closed in Q3 this year. The Q3 impact on revenue from acquisitions was approximately $107 million. Gross margin for the third quarter of 2011 was 42.6%, which was down 40 basis points from the 43% in the same period 2010. In last quarter's call, I mentioned that we believe we've anniversaried the increase in the cost of salvage cars at auction. Scrap prices and the cost of product in the self-service line of business are still higher year-over-year, so that continues to put pressure on gross margin percentages. But we believe we’ve maintained gross margin dollars on that revenue. Year-over-year, in Q3, we're still seeing some impact on gross margin percentages from lower margin aluminum and furnace operations we acquired in Q3 last year. But we now hit the anniversary of that deal, so it will no longer be a factor, year-over-year. Did see a small negative impact of about 10 to 20 basis points from the AkzoNobel business.  It’s probably worth taking a moment to add a few comments on the sequential gross margins, and gross margins increased slightly from 42.4% in Q2 2011 to 42.6% in Q3 2011. It's fair to say that quarter unfolded much like we described in the last earnings call. Cost of cars and scrap prices were relatively stable, so there were limited impacts from those 2 factors. We had an extra 2 months of AkzoNobel, so that was a slight drag on gross margins sequentially, but we're starting to see the impact of some of the pricing programs we've been discussing the last few quarters. We believe that these programs are part of the reason we saw our gross margins improve sequentially.  We continue to see improvements in our facility and warehouse distribution and SG&A expenses. In total, these 3 items fell year-over-year and on a quarterly basis from 30.7% of revenue to 29.8%. I mentioned last quarter that this improvement is partly just a function of math because the higher commodity prices drive higher other revenue without corresponding increase in most of these costs. That also reflects the continued leverage of the business. Year-over-year, our distribution costs were up from 8.5% of revenue to 8.7% for the quarter, as the impact of higher fuel costs continue to impact that line item. Distribution costs did improve slightly sequentially, following the 9.1% of revenue in Q2 2011, to 8.7% of revenue in Q3, as we saw fuel prices retreat from their highs earlier this year. I mentioned on our last quarterly call that we expect to have some ongoing restructuring costs related to acquisitions. And on the October 4 call, I mentioned that we'd incur some cost during Q3 related to the Euro Car Parts acquisition. These costs were a total of $2.9 million for the quarter and are broken out on a separate line item in the income statement as restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. Operating income is $85.5 million for Q3 2011 compared to $65.2 million in Q3 last year, an improvement of $20.3 million or 31%. Net interest expense of $4.8 million was $2.3 million favorable to Q3 last year. This improvement is partly -- excuse me, is primarily due to lower interest rates being paid as a result of our new credit facility and lower swap costs, partially offset by higher borrowing levels. Our effective borrowing rate was 3.17% in Q3 2011, compared to 4.92% in Q3 2010. Effective tax rate was 38.7%. On a reported basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.33 in Q3 2011 compared to $0.25 in 2010. The impact on EPS of the restructuring cost and the cost we wrote off in conjunction with the ECP acquisition was approximately $0.01 after-tax. Excluding these 2 items, EPS from [Audio Gap] Over the reported $0.25 for the same period last year. Cash flow from operations was $159 million compared to $145 million in 2010, an improvement of $15 million. The primary driver of the improved cash flow was improvement in net income of $26 million. Offsetting the higher income were higher levels of working capital, particularly the impact of accounts receivable. There were an additional $17 million use of cash compared to 2010 and additional investments in inventory, which were an incremental $7 million higher use of cash. During the quarter, we spent $85 million in cash and acquisitions, bringing our year-to-date total to $181 million. During 9 months, we also issued 1.1 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options and equity compensation. That resulted in $13 million of cash, including related tax benefits. At the end of the quarter, debt was $633 million, and cash and cash equivalents were $45 million. We mentioned in our October 3 press release that we amended our credit facility to increase our capacity by $400 million to $1.4 billion. Under this new facility, as of quarter-end, we had borrowings of $618 million and approximately $35 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by the facility, leaving $740 million of availability for borrowings under the credit facility, including $200 million under the delayed-term loan facility -- delayed-draw term loan facility. We did make a draw under the facility to fund the ECP acquisition of approximately $326 million. In early October, after taking into account the ECP funding, we had $414 million of capacity available, including the delayed-term loan availability. Turning to guidance, you'll note in our press release, we revised much of our guidance. In our year-to-date parts and services growth of 8.8%, we've raised the full-year estimate from 6% to 8% to 7% to 8%. In Q4, we expect to see a slowdown in the organic growth because of more difficult year-over-year comparisons. As we've noted previously, Q4 2011 has one less selling day than Q4 2010. We raised our EPS and net income guidance for the year. The revised EPS guidance is a range of $1.38 to $1.43. New range for income from continuing operations is $204 million to $212 million. I wanted to point out that the revised guidance includes the $0.02 we incurred in the debt refinancing in Q1 and also includes the expected positive impact of ECP. This guidance excludes restructuring, integration and deal costs. Based on the acquisitions we completed today, we expect we could incur approximately $1 million of these costs in Q4 2011. Just take a moment to discuss some of the things that could impact us in Q4. Fuel costs did improve a little sequentially since last quarter, but we're still seeing negative year-over-year miles driven. Further decline in miles driven could lower the number of accidents and, hence, our volume.  You will recall in Q1, when commodity prices were rising, we mentioned a positive $0.02 impact to our earnings. We also mentioned that if prices fell, there'd be a risk that we could give up that gain. In Q3, we saw scrap steel commodity prices were essentially flat to Q2. However, at this point, we are seeing some softness in the commodity markets, with some forecasts of scrap prices dropping between $20 and $60 per ton. The decline in scrap steel prices would impact our other revenue category. And we estimate for every $10 decrease in average scrap price compared to Q3 2011 decrease our other revenue by approximately $5 million. In our guidance, we’ve built in an assumption that our diluted earnings per share will be negatively impacted by falling commodity prices of $0.01 to $0.02 per share in Q4. This loss occurs because of the timing difference between when we buy cars and when we sell them as scrap. If commodity prices do fall, we'd expect to be able to buy cars cheaper going forward. So this isn't a long-term impact, but it does impact the quarter when prices fall. We also seen the auction environment fairly stable, although we have paid approximately $1,960 per vehicle for the salvage operations last quarter, which is up from $1,870 we paid in Q2, the mix of cars we bought in Q3 was slightly better. So although we paid more for the cars, we expect them to part out for more. Sequentially, we don't anticipate much impact on the gross margins from the cost of salvage. I've already mentioned that we have one less selling day in Q4 2011, compared to Q4 2010. So it's going to cause a bit of a drag in the organic growth and on earnings. And the revised EPS and guidance includes the impact of Euro Car Parts for Q4. Just wanted to make it clear that the guidance that we gave on October 3 for accretion due to ECP of $0.15 to $0.18 for 2012, incremental earnings to 2012 over what we would otherwise have without ECP, including the impact of ECP in Q4.  Our accounting teams are working through the U.K., U.S. GAAP differences and how the companies apply those. ECP includes their national warehouse cost as part of the facility costs, whereas we include those as part of our cost of goods sold. When we described ECP's 2010 gross margin as 44%, that was on the basis of their chart of accounts and their application of GAAP. In our chart of accounts, that margin would likely be a little bit lower. We're still working through the accounting. At this point, it's our expectation that the impact will be less than 100 basis points to our Q4 gross margin. Just to be clear, this is simply moving costs from one line item to another and in no way impacts the net income or accretion we expect from ECP.  Our guidance for cash flow from operations of approximately $195 million did not change. And the full-year guidance, we continue to expect our capital spending to be between $85 million and $95 million. We've seen a little less capital spending domestically, and that's being offset by some additional spending, as we continue the aggressive build-out of the U.K. footprint.  I know many of our listeners are working on their 2012 projections. Our field is currently working on their detailed estimates. In the next 2 months, Joe, Rob and I will be traveling the country to read those plans. After which, we'll be presenting the consolidated results to our board. Until that work is completed, we're not in a position to speak meaningfully in any detail regarding 2012. But we expect to share our thoughts with you on our Q4 earnings call in a few months. I’ll summarize by saying that we were pleased with the way the quarter ended. Again, growth continued at the high end of our range for both aftermarket and recycling, putting up respectable numbers. We saw our gross margins start to improve a bit over Q2 2011. Scrap, fuel and the cost of salvage were all reasonably stable. We saw operating leverage coming back with our operating margins expanding year-over-year and sequentially. We saw our deal flow very strong with 10 deals in the quarter and, of course, the potentially transformational Euro Car Parts deal being completed earlier this month.  Thanks to our improving credit profile and the support of our banks, we ended the quarter with liquidity to complete that transaction and still have over $450 million of cash and other availability for future deals. It’s nice to see everything firing in all cylinders. With that, operator, we'd like to open the phones to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about -- we talk about the impact of miles driven, and certainly, we know that, that's a little bit of a headwind on the business. What's the offset for your business as the average age of cars goes up and people are keeping the cars longer and the amount of repairs on that? How do you think about the balance between those 2 dynamics?
Robert L. Wagman: That's a good question, Nate, because I think, we certainly, as cars get older, they obviously -- were going to require more repairs. And I think as people think [ph] of their car's age, they're more likely look to alternative sources of parts. The little bit of headwind in that same scenario, though, is that people, as the cars get older, may tend to drop their insurance coverage a bit, where it's not fully insured. So it is -- certainly, as cars get older, they’re more likely to total, so on the mechanical side of our business, it's a good thing. Obviously, as those parts start to wear and need replaced, we're in a great position. Of course, this is not just a U.S. phenomenon anymore. It's now the same for us in our England operations where we are selling those type of components regularly. So the good news is that, obviously, the repairs become greater as the cars get older. The only bad side of that, I would say, would be the collision side of our business, where cars will carry less insurance and more likely to total. Overall, it's not a bad thing for LKQ, that's for sure.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And when you combine that with the kind of miles driven being down, do you think, net-net, it's a neutral or net-net, miles driven is a little bit of a greater impact than the benefit from the age going up? So how do you think about how those 2 balance themselves out?
Robert L. Wagman: I think it's more of a neutral. I think it's, obviously, people will spend more as the cars get older. Newer cars require less repairs. So I think it’s, at best -- at worst, it's a neutral. And maybe slight uptick, considering that people will put more money into those cars rather than replace them.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And then also, as you guys acquire more of kind of what I'll call different services or different categories, in terms of the cooling or the paint, et cetera, as you're getting into that and you're integrating those businesses, how much overlap in terms of your distribution network are you able to leverage in terms of better density?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, the best thing I can do is give you a great example, and that's with the Akzo acquisition back in May. We actually closed late May. They had 40 locations. We had slated to close 30 of them. 10 were going to stand-alone because there weren't any operations close. We've already closed 27 of them. They have moved into our buildings. We are shuttling their parts on our existing trucks. Delivery trucks are the same ones that are going to those shops. So the answer to your question is there's pretty immediate gains that we can realize by putting these smaller niche companies, and the same goes with the cooling. Last couple of cooling deals we have done, they are all fully integrated into our warehouses, where that was applicable, and the merchandise is riding on the existing trucks that were already going to those shops.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question, I think it was in John's prepared remarks. You talked a little bit about the organic growth and the tough comparison you have from the fourth quarter of last year. If I recollect, you had an even tougher comparison in the third quarter and you put up a pretty solid number. So I'm just wondering, is there something you're seeing to the start of this quarter that's giving you a bit of pause? Or is it just conservatism? Or is it something with respect to the acquisitions and some of the integration that makes you a little bit more cautious?
John S. Quinn: The biggest impact’s probably going to be the one less selling day, actually. I don't think that -- the acquisition revenues is going to be recorded as acquisition revenue, so that doesn't really impact the organic growth per se. I don't think we're seeing really any change in the dynamics of the business. Miles driven, we still continues to see negative miles driven [Audio Gap] with respect to that.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And if I look then at the acquisitions, in addition to Euro Car, you talked about some more heavy-duty. And maybe Joe, can you give us an update on the heavy-duty side of the business, where the sort of trajectory is now on that revenue run rate? And are you getting any more traction with sort of building that parts database to sort of springboard to the next level?
Joseph M. Holsten: Yes, I think our weekly sales have moved up more in the $1.5 million, $1.6 million range. Periodically, we'll post up a couple of million dollar week. So absent any other transactions, I would guess the business will probably budget around $100 million of revenue for 2012. So we're pleased with having put $100 million a year business on the books here over the last 2, 3 years, but with good margins. Our build-out in the west is really in pretty good shape with the recent transactions. We need something in Southern California, and then we'll be looking in the New Mexico market, west Texas. And we'll really be in excellent shape, west of the Mississippi. We've got a couple of cold starts planned on existing LKQ properties to better leverage our existing asset base. And when that's done, our real attention will turn to the Northeast in terms of -- being pretty close to having a national footprint. The visibility of parts does keep improving. As you can guess, it's taking some time in terms of getting good parts descriptions in the systems and the commonality in the database. But several times a week now, we're seeing situations where the salespeople are able to sell out of each other's inventories and complete a customer's needs. I think it will really make buying significantly easier for our foreign buyers to tap into the database or to make one trip into the country and hit all their needs. But maybe the short answer to the question is we think the original business model and philosophy we had to invest in the businesses is holding to be very true. We probably want to get a little bit more structure in place before we start aggressively marketing for fleet, taking entire fleets of vehicles. We've done that on a couple of occasions. And we really need just a little bit more muscle before we can really effectively handle large fleet dispositions, but that's -- I think we're certainly close. And I would think this time next year, we'll be pretty actively going after fleet managers and trying to manage the disposition of the trucks they’re taking out of service.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And you've been very acquisitive collectively, in various, not only with Euro Car in Europe and heavy-duty and the smelter and the coolant and -- what I'm wondering is if we look at your business today, how much embedded cost and infrastructure and integration are sort of compressing the margin, so to speak? And is there a particular quarter or time period when we should think you start to really see that unwind? And so then it's fully integrated and you start to then really maybe get a stairstep, if you will, in terms of your margin expansion?
John S. Quinn: Tony, it's John. I don't -- Rob mentioned the AkzoNobel deal where we in 2 quarters have taken out 27 out of the 30 locations that we think we're going to get out of the total 40 locations we bought. So we're pretty good at getting the early hits out. The longer-term impact, I just sort of fall back to what we've always said is that the things like putting more -- being able to ultimately get warehouses that are co-located between the aftermarket and the salvage product line and share the delivery routes a little bit more. Those things just take time over, as the leases come up and as the properties become available, and that really is just sort of the long-term view that we've always said, which is operating income expansion of 40 to 60 basis points or 40 to 50 basis points, considering more products through the same warehouses, putting more product through the same distribution network. I don't think that there's -- we haven't identified a huge amount of latent cost that are, if we stop growing through acquisitions, would suddenly come out of the system, I don't think. It's more just a continuous improvement type philosophy, I think.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And maybe one last quick question on that, then. Is it still fair to assume that gross margin sequentially improving you into the fourth quarter, the smelter's anniversary and maybe, for the first time, you see gross margin on a year-over-year basis improve as well?
John S. Quinn: Yes. In my prepared remarks, I hit on a couple of those things that could impact it. Let me just run through those again for everybody. The salvage, the cost of salvage really is -- has been pretty stable. So I don't think that, that's going to impact us much. But we are seeing some forecasts, and we've seen a little bit of spottiness in some of our markets, not nationwide yet. We have seen a little bit of softening in commodity prices in some of our markets. So just like we mentioned in Q1 that we had a couple of penny benefit from a rise in commodity environment. If commodity prices do end up falling for the quarter, that's going to hit the gross margin a little bit. And the other thing I just try to give everybody heads up on is that ECP, in our presentation on October 4, we talked about them having a 44% gross margin in 2010. That was on the basis of their chart of accounts and their interpretation of U.K. GAAP. We're going through the integration right now and mapping their chart of accounts to ours. It looks like they've got some costs that are facility costs on their financial statements that we, on our chart of accounts, include in the cost of goods sold. There could be an impact. We think it's less than 100 basis points, but it could impact our gross margin, moving those costs up into cost of goods sold from facility and warehouse costs. You haven't seen this yet, but that's coming in Q4. And I just want to give everybody a heads-up on that. Those 2 things could be a little bit of a drag in Q4.
Robert L. Wagman: Tony, I'll just add one last thing that, obviously, the pipeline is still active, and there'll be more deals likely coming as well that will have an impact as well…
John S. Quinn: Right. And I guess, on the gross margin on the glass half full side, some of the pricing programs we've been executing, we continue to tweak those and try to move those along. The things that we did in Q2 -- excuse me, that are an impact to Q3, I don't anticipate those stopping. We're going to continue to work on that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Co.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Could you maybe talk about the cadence of pricing during the quarter? We're seeing used car valuations starting to come in. And maybe just talk about why you spoke to the gross margin already for the fourth quarter to general trends from procurement standpoint going forward?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes. Obviously, 2 sides of that salvage environment. We'll talk about the salvage first, Scott. The auctions are very robust in terms of inventory. We did predict that last quarter with all the flooding that happened, and the volumes are up substantially. The good news for us is our backlog remains strong, probably one of the strongest we've seen going into winter season. So hopefully, we'll be a little more selective on our purchases and allow us to do some better buying. But cost, let’s just talk a little bit more about the margin. The cost has remained high, as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, but we are digging deeper into every single car, and it is starting to pay off at the gross margin line. And as John just mentioned, some of the activities we have going on in terms of looking for alternatives to get more funds into the system by offsetting distribution cost, et cetera. In terms of used car prices, you're right. The Manheim Index in September was 3.4% lower than a year ago. However, it's still really high in comparison. I think it's going to take a little bit more time to get a little bit -- it has to come down a little more before we see any kind of meaningful relief at the auctions. So don't really anticipate much help there in the short-term. In terms of the pricing that we're doing, in terms of the pricing of the product once it's in the system, as John mentioned, we are continuing to work on the pricing optimization. We track OE prices relative to what they're doing. They are still averaging consistently 1.5% to 2% increases, though we tend to follow right on their heels. When they raise, we're right behind them. So that's providing us a little bit of relief. Our deviation work that we -- controlling our reps from deviating from the price continues. As I mentioned, the fees we're adding to help offset fuel are certainly helping. And we feel confident that gross margin has certainly turned, bottomed out and likely turning in the right direction. So just one last point on the gross margin. We talked about sequential gains. But in the last year and a half, we've announced over 30 deals. And if you took 2 of them out, the paint deal and the smelting deal, actually, our margins are up year-over-year as well, if you just remove those 2 deals. So everything's heading in the right direction as far as we're concerned.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: All right. And maybe just talk about we've seen some of the reports that aftermarket parts in particular are taking share from OEM parts. Could you maybe talk about how that's benefiting your business and frame that out a little?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, we only get the annual results from the estimating company as to what's happening to the APU trend, so we don't have that figure yet. However, one thing, the silver lining for our industry is that we know many of the carriers who have reported their earnings already had a tough Q3, mainly from all the flooding and the cat losses that they sustained. So tremendous pressure on them to continue to increase -- decrease their costs, through increased APU. And obviously, we continue to bring more and more parts into the system. The interesting -- I did mention in my prepared remarks about the certification programs. Really, just some stats here that are just amazing. CAPA has been in business now for over 25 years, and they have 4,300 parts, certified parts in the program. NSF who is a little over 1 year old has a total of 951 parts already in the system with 1,000 parts pending. So a lot of certified parts coming into the system and adding to our ability to sell more and more parts to quick [ph] repairer. So getting more inventory, more parts that the insurance companies are demanding, and the fact that they still have a high demand level for those parts. So really good news there as well.
Scott L. Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And last question, could you maybe talk about how the government business is doing? I know you guys rolled it out a couple of quarters ago.
Robert L. Wagman: Continuing to plug along in that. Our government affairs division is actually helping us open some doors at the state and federal levels. Really, just plugging along. Nothing heroic to report, unfortunately. But steady growth is occurring every single quarter.
John S. Quinn: And Rob, I just wanted -- I think you mentioned the Manheim Index. It's up year-over-year, but it's down from the peak.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Before I ask a question let me just my best to the LKQ family on the loss of Don. The first question had to do with the 10 acquisitions you closed recently. Do you have a sense of the revenue impact for that in 2012?
John S. Quinn: I don't think we're in position to talk to 2012. We talked about $107 million of acquisition impact in Q3. We're probably looking on, cumulatively, all the acquisitions we've done, probably around $80 million impact on Q4, excluding the ECP deal. And we’ve talked about ECP being an incremental $120 million to $125 million. We're probably around $200 million sequential impact from acquisitions.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you comment maybe on the trailing 12-month revenue of the businesses that you acquired?
John S. Quinn: I don't think we've got that handy.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Next question. Joe, the acquisition pipeline. Can you just comment on the nature of that pipeline, what valuations look like and what your overall appetite is for debt and how you want to finance those acquisitions?
Robert L. Wagman: I'll start. This is Rob, and Joe can jump in if he's got anything to add on that. The acquisition environment is -- remains strong and very active. I’ve long said that this is a family-owned business -- industry, where it appears the kids are not as interested in running the parents' business anymore. So the deals continue to flow quite nicely. I just want to talk about the Q3 deals because I know it's pretty indicative of how we're going to move forward here. We had 10 deals. We had 3 salvage, 2 self-service, one aftermarket, 3 HD and 1 reman. Really spread out nicely across our entire portfolio, and that does not include ECP in that, in those numbers. But the best part about the spreading of those acquisitions across our portfolio is it allows for balanced integration. Like, no one team is going to be stressed to bring 10 into their own organization. So allows for quicker integration and the ability to get benefits realized pretty quick. For full service, it's been -- let’s talk about each division separately. The full service will continue to look at strategic tuck-ins. This past quarter, we acquired locations in Sacramento and Minneapolis, St. Paul. Immediate distribution opportunities in cities that we were servicing from hundreds of miles away. They bring -- we continue to look for key markets with great management. One thing that we're starting now, it's kind of new to our business models, what I dubbed a tweener cleaner opportunity, not really a self-serve, not really a full serve. There’s a car in the middle between $900 to $1,300 that we kind of bypass, picked up here and there for both of our full-service and self-serve. We're going to focus on that going forward in 2012, open up a whole new line of business for us potentially. Still looking at distressed opportunities. Those still exist where the families have just had enough and it's time to call it quits. U.K., as far as the U.K., we're really in no rush to bring salvage there. We'll keep our eyes open and look for opportunities if they come along. But really we want to digest what we have. And we do have one greenfield in the works in Southern California. So hopefully, can add some capacity in the marketplace. And the aftermarket, we did that talk a little bit about looking at niche players, the paint and the cooling, and those will continue. And we'll certainly continue our warehouse expansion and upgrades in that particular field. Self-service, really, geographical expansion of new markets will be our targets. Acquisition is our first preference. But in the event we can't, we will certainly do greenfields. In fact, we have 4 greenfields already in process. And finally, what we're doing a little bit with the self-service, we kind of use hybrid yards and our purchase of GreenLeaf a couple of years ago up in Leominster, Mass, we decided to split the yard in half because of the capacity we have there to a half full-service, half self-service to really get a hybrid model. And finally, Joe already talked about the HD, so I'll skip that. But in reman, we added one additional reman facility this quarter. Really, it has us where we need in terms of capacity so probably not looking to do any more reman engines. However, we have mentioned in the past calls that reman transmissions are an interest to us and other reman capabilities. So we'll continue to look for opportunities in the reman. As far -- in terms of paying for them, John, what our strategy will be.
John S. Quinn: Sorry Craig, I was -- your question was how do we pay for the acquisitions?
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: My question what were the valuations looking like and how would you intend to finance those acquisitions?
John S. Quinn: I don't think -- in terms of the valuations, nothing is really changed with respect to how we view the deals. We're still looking -- using an EBITDA metric, which is not the only thing we look at, we're still 4x to 5x, 4x to 6x, maybe on the higher end, if we didn't want to stretch because it’s a new market for us or something, but we haven't really changed our valuation metrics. I spoke to the fact that we still have about $450 million of capacity between the cash and balance sheet and the dry powder on the revolver without any additional cash flow coming in. So part of the reason we expanded the credit facility was to allow us to do the ECP transaction. But after we came out of that transaction, we actually ended up with additional capacity because we expanded it by $400 million. And I mentioned, we drew down $326 million in conjunction with that transaction. So we think we're reasonably in good shape here. Between the cash flows out of the business next year and the revolver, we should have adequate capacity to continue our acquisition program if you will.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And if I could ask a follow-on to Tony's question on secure disposal. As you add locations, does that increase your revenue opportunity with existing contracts? Or is it more about winning new contracts that you would not have otherwise been able to serve because you don't have a national footprint?
Joseph M. Holsten: Yes, I think it’s adding to the footprint allows us to manage more product ourselves as opposed to having to find essentially competitors to take a piece of the action. So yes, I'd say it allows us to kind of grow from the existing business base we have.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then to follow on that. The Navistar contract, it would seem to be an additional nuance in that you're managing part inventory more than just securely disposing their assets? Is that fair? And is that a new opportunity?
Joseph M. Holsten: That's fair. And let's hope it's a new opportunity.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of housekeeping. What was the in-stock rate in the quarter? You mentioned it was better and maybe compare that to the prior quarter.
Robert L. Wagman: It was increased actually over prior quarters, both on all 3 lines: salvage, aftermarket and refurb. And it is in the mid-90 range now, Craig. And improvement of about 100 basis points, actually.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Are you including recycled, it's in mid-90 range?
Robert L. Wagman: I'm sorry, without recycled. I'm sorry, that's aftermarket. Recycled are in the 70% range.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, to clarify. The NSF international certification that you had mentioned, does that help you with your ECP acquisition as you try to penetrate that market with certified parts?
Robert L. Wagman: Not necessarily. There is a certification body over in the U.K., Craig, called the Thatcham. NSF is not in that marketplace. However, they have shown interest in following us over there. The biggest bang here is in the United States with the NSF certification program. It is putting pressure on the other certifier to put more parts into the program, which is actually happening. And the other nice benefit is how quickly they're getting parts into the program. As I said, they've been around for a little less than 2 years, and they already have, what's in the pipeline, 50% of what their competitor has certified over 25 years. So their strategy, as we've talked to them, is to get more insurers to recognize them as a reputable certifier. And they already have pulled off one of the top 5 carriers to recognize their certification program. So right now, all the tailwinds here are in the States. But there is an opportunity in the U.K. for sure.
John S. Quinn: And just to be clear, NSF has been around for many, many years. They certify most food processing equipment in the country and internationally, water and processing is really what their origins are. So they do operate in the U.K. and in Europe. They do have international standing. It's just that in the aftermarket auto parts is really their new niche that they're getting into.
Robert L. Wagman: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Lawrence with Morgan Keegan.
John R. Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Rob, would you take a look at -- I don't know if this is a fair question. But as you look across the different lines of businesses over the last couple of years, what's the best measurement or why we could look at the customer base itself? I mean, you had at one time more buying aftermarket and now buying -- how many of these customers are buying from different pieces of your business, and are you tracking it that way in terms of the share?
Robert L. Wagman: Predominantly, when you look at our history, in 2003, we were just a salvage recycler selling predominately to the body shop industry. As the Internet got some legs, we started seeing some retail sales come out of that side of the business. Of course, then we got into the aftermarket parts business, which brought in more, obviously, collision and spare parts, so focusing on that side of the business. However, the cooling products that they have allow us to get into the mechanical side of the business as well. Currently, we're operating on 2 systems. Our aftermarket is on one system, and the salvage system is on another. And eventually, the long-term plan is to bring everybody on the same system so that we can absolutely sell more products to existing customers on both sides. Interesting, the cooling acquisition we did a couple of years ago brought in a whole new line of potential repairers to us. And that's the general repairer. That particular repairer probably wasn't doing too many engine or transmission jobs, which is what we had with obviously with the salvage. Now the cooling, fix the radiator, fix the condenser, it’s brought in a whole other line of business and potential customers. Then, of course, ECP has brought in, not only that -- expanded that customer base dramatically, but also opened up a new continent to us as well. So in terms of the market share, I think that we don't track that necessarily by market segments. Certainly, the base of who we sell to has expanded greatly in the last couple of years.
John R. Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And secondly to that, what are we seeing in the foreign nameplates as far as the mix of product at this point as you continue to expand the SKUs?
Robert L. Wagman: We report that over 90% of our products in the aftermarket are sourced internationally. The vast majority are coming from foreign markets. I believe that was your question, John?
John R. Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, more or less. As you look at the mix of products getting older, more or less on the salvage side of how much you're looking at foreign nameplates these days on the mix?
Robert L. Wagman: It's something we don't track.
John R. Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: I would assume it's growing, though, as you look at those aftermarkets trends. I would assume it's just another opportunity.
Robert L. Wagman: I would agree. I would agree it's probably growing, but it's something we don’t track down to that level.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Mandel with ThinkEquity.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of cleanup questions at this point. You had mentioned potential impact from commodity price deflation. I just wanted to understand clearly that this would have a depressing effect on gross profit dollars, but it should have a favorable effect on gross profit rate. Is that correct?
John S. Quinn: In the long run, yes. Because what happens is, particularly on the self-serve side of the business, when we buy a vehicle, we build in a certain amount of gross margin dollars. As commodity prices rise, we don't -- we're not able to maintain that margin. So if commodity prices increase as they have, we've talked about the fact that, that’s caused some gross margin compression, particularly on the self-service side of business. But, if in Q4, we were to see a drop in commodity prices, it does cause a onetime drop. As we buy a car today, for argument’s sake, for $500 in the self-serve and we build into that the value of the scrap today, if we sell that car 90 days from now and scrap has dropped, we take a little bit of a decrease in our gross margin until we can go back and start buying those cars cheaper. That's what we were trying to point out is -- just like in Q1, we mentioned there was a $0.02 benefit, as commodity prices increased between Q4 and Q1 last year. If that phenomena reverses, we're going to see a little bit of an impact on our gross margin this quarter. It comes and it goes. But ultimately, you're right. If lower commodity prices tend to -- if we can maintain the same gross margin dollars, you see the percentage go up.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Second question, I just didn't quite hear what you said about the average price paid per vehicle. It compared with $1,870 a year ago, but I didn't catch the number for this year.
John S. Quinn: It's about $1,960.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. great. And then finally, in terms of your pricing initiatives, where I think you’re taking some of the flexibility, some of the initiative away from the regional managers. Where do you stand with that program? And how far along are you?
Robert L. Wagman: We have a -- as we've mentioned on previous calls, Mark, we have a vice president of pricing optimization, so we have taken that away from the regions to a certain extent, and we're controlling it more corporately. We do allow the regions to put their input in on regional differences because there are absolutely some products do better in some markets than others. California tends to be a high foreign populated car population as opposed to Detroit, which is really the Big 3. So we do allow the regions to have some input on that, but in terms of the aftermarket, it's completely controlled at the corporation. So we are getting a little more of a pull-through with less regional differences there.
John S. Quinn: I think Mark might’ve been asking what the lockdown on the [indiscernible] deviation systems changes?
Robert L. Wagman: And in terms of the system changes, we are in fact going forward with the reps being locked down -- there's a new release coming up next week on that, actually, that controls the reps from being able to deviate from the pricing as well.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And you expect that to be rolled out over the next 12 months?
Robert L. Wagman: Yes, over time that will roll out. We tend to walk before we run. See the impact, making sure it's not causing any negative impact, and then we'll roll it out over the subsequent quarters. With that, we're respectful of your time. We'll let you get to your other calls. Thanks for joining us on this call and we'll look forward to talking to you in a few months as we report our Q4. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Holsten - Vice Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Member of Government Affairs Committee and Member of Executive Committee Joseph P. Boutross -  Robert Wagman - Co-Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Mr. Joe Boutross, LKQ's Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Joseph P. Boutross : Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2011 financial results and provided our updated guidance for 2011. In the room with me today are: Joe Holsten, LKQ's Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer; Rob Wagman, President and Co-Chief Executive Officer; and John Quinn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joe, Rob and John have some prepared remarks and then we will open the call for questions.  In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website. A replay of the audiocast and conference call will be available shortly after the conclusion of this call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filled with the SEC earlier today. As normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Wagman.
Robert Wagman: Thank you, Joe. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q2 were $0.32, an increase of 23% as compared to $0.26 for the second quarter of 2010 and in line with our internal expectations for the quarter. Revenue reached a record $760 million in the quarter, an increase of 30% as compared to Q2 2010. Our second quarter total organic revenue growth was 12.2%.  Organic revenue growth for parts and services for the quarter was 8.4%, which reflects increased part sales, primarily driven by improved inventory positions and the optimization of our regional distribution network as we continue to integrate newly acquired companies into the system.  Turning to aftermarket. Our aftermarket and refurbished revenue increased 23% for the quarter with an organic growth rate of 6.4%. Aftermarket and refurbished revenue from acquisitions grew 16.1%. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of generally robust inventory levels, allowing us to reach the higher end of our traditional in-stock rates. The above growth rate was obtained despite a drop in miles driven, primarily the result of higher fuel prices. Based on data from the U.S. Department of Transportation, miles driven in April and May were down year-over-year 2.4% and 1.9%, respectively. Next to 2008, the reduction in miles driven for the first half of 2011 annualized is tracking to be the largest drop since 1983. Despite this headwind we face in the quarter, I'm quite pleased with the organic revenue growth we achieved across all segments of our business and our organization's ability to achieve targeted goals. Although relief from high gas prices does not appear imminent, we continue to maintain our guidance to same-store sales growth of 6% to 8% for the balance of the year.  To counteract the cost of increased fuel cost, we did initiate a fuel surcharge in our recycling operation starting in June. We are also planning additional fees starting in August that will address each part that travels through our internal to salvage distribution networks. Both of these programs should help reduce the impact to our fuel budgeted variances.  In our recycled parts division, demand for LKQ's wholesale parts remained strong during the quarter. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was 11% for the quarter. Recycled parts revenue growth from acquisitions was 14.5% which includes the impact of our acquired remanufactured engine businesses. Availability to salvage inventory has remained strong, and we continue to put more recycled inventory on our shelves to maintain a healthy backlog of undismantled product at this time. Cost of salvage continues to remain at the high end of our historical averages. However, despite this fact, we've realized good sequential Q1 to Q2 2001 improvements in our recycled parts gross margin percentage, aided by our core recovery in fuel surcharge initiatives.  During the quarter, we purchased over 56,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 9% increase over Q2 2010. As anticipated in our Q1 call, a healthy volume of cars at auction was realized in Q2. With on-hand product and maintenance of our existing rate of vehicle acquisition, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operation. Finally, I am also pleased to announce that we extended our exclusive licensing agreement with the Ford Motor Company. While our agreement prohibits discussing the specific terms, the new agreement lasts for 42 months, an increase of 12 months from the prior agreement and the terms are generally comparable to our previous arrangement. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe Holsten to talk about other aspects of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Joseph Holsten: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Turning to our self-service retail businesses. During the second quarter, we acquired 91,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars compared to 78,000 in the second quarter of 2010, which is a 17% increase. We did see the cost of these cars increase by about 33% from one year ago levels, but some of that increase is simply due to the higher scrap prices. Overall, we are pleased with the way the self-service business is performing today. During the quarter, we upgraded and standardized our point-of-sales system in the line of business, and that is giving us a better insight in the statistics, such as the average part sales, sales by part type, and recovery per vehicle. We also have the ability now to post additional fees to our invoices.  In our heavy-duty truck operations. During the second quarter, we acquired roughly 1,600 units for resale of parts as compared to 900 in the second quarter of last year. We continue to build out this business with our goal of establishing a national network over the next few years. I mentioned previously the initiatives of getting everyone on a single system and improving the coordination among our yards, and that too is progressing nicely.  Moving on to our development efforts. During the second quarter, our largest transaction was the previously announced acquisition of the North American, the U.S. paint distribution business of AkzoNobel. With this deal, we acquired 40 locations across the United States. The majority of the locations have or will be integrated into our existing businesses. Paint and related products represent about 14% of the typical collision repair bill, so we think there's a lot of upside to grow this market. We've seen various estimates of the size of this market being somewhere from $2 billion to $2.5 billion, so we believe this will be an attractive space for us as we only have about a 10% market share today. One aspect to this market is that the gross margins do tend to be lower than our traditional parts business. So we will have an unfavorable mix change at the gross margin line, but over time we believe we can lever our distribution and warehouse cost to get some, if not all of that difference back at the operating income margin line.  We also added to our wheel refinishing business with a small acquisition in Ohio, and we also picked up a small aftermarket distribution business in Ohio as well during the quarter. We have been busy since the end of the second quarter, having added 4 new deals for the last 4 weeks. Since June 30, we bought Specialized Parts Planet, which operates several wholesale recycled parts yards in Rancho, Cordova, and Fresno, California. We have purchased 3 wholesale recycled parts yards operating in the greater Boise, Idaho, market. We've added a new wholesale self-service combination yard based in Austin, Texas. And in North Carolina, we added to our automotive cooling parts distribution business with the acquisition of a specialty distributor in that market.  With respect to our own internal development efforts, we currently have 4 brownfield self-service recycling facilities under development and 2 full-service facilities that have been identified for conversion to self-service recycling yards over the next year.  On our first quarter call, I mentioned the development of a wholesale salvage yard in Central Ohio. I'm happy to report that operation has opened ahead of schedule and is now fully operational. We continue to be pleased with the robust pipeline of acquisition opportunities. And based on our working backlog, we expect the second half of the year to be fairly active. I would expect that the back half will have at least a similar number of deals as the first half of the year. This time, I'd like to ask for John to provide some details on the financial results in the quarter.
John Quinn: Thanks, Joe. Rob has already given you a breakdown of the year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll just supplement what he said with a few other data points. For Q2, our total organic revenue growth was 12.2% with an additional gross of 17.5% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned the Q2 2011 organic growth for parts and services was 8.4%. Other revenue, which is where we record our scrap commodity sales, was up 67%. Approximately 37% of this was organic growth as commodity prices were higher on year-over-year basis and because we have higher volumes of scraps and cores. 30% of the increase was a result of acquisitions.  In Q2 2011, revenue from our self-service business was $73.6 million or 9.7% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 31% of this revenue was part sales included in recycled and related products and 69% scrapping core sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven by the 15 deals we did in the last half of 2010 and the 7 deals we've closed through Q2 this year. The Q2 impact on revenue from acquisitions was approximately $102 million. Gross margin for the second quarter of 2011 was 42.4%, which was down 230 basis points from 44.7% in the same period of 2010. In the last 3 quarters on our calls, we mentioned that this decline was primarily related to higher cost incurred acquiring salvaged cars at auction and in the self-service line of business. As we mentioned in the last call, we believe we hit the anniversary of those impacts and is becoming less of a factor.  The greatest impact on year-over-year margins is now related to the mix impact primarily associated with the incremental revenue from acquisitions. The largest drivers were the lower margin aluminum furnace operations we acquired in Q3 last year, the reman engine businesses and the AkzoNobel paint transaction. I mentioned in the past the lower margin furnace business is a permanence change. We only have one month for the AkzoNobel business in Q2. So next quarter, we'll see 2 more months of gross margin dollars from this business but also have a slightly negative impact on gross margin percentages.  Finally, I'll remind you that as other revenue grows simply as a result of higher commodity prices, we don't maintain the same gross margin percentage on net revenue. While we may make some additional gross margin dollars, we don't always make the same gross margin percentage. We also like to add a few comments on the sequential gross margins. We saw sequential margins, that is Q1 2011 to Q2 2011, declined from 43.7% to 42.4%, a decline of 130 basis points. There are a few reasons for this. Seasonally, we typically expect a decline in Q2 over Q1. Last year, we saw a sequential drop of 220 basis points in margin, so this year's sequential step down of 130 basis points is actually favorable compared to last year.  You may recall in Q1, I mentioned that the gross margin included a $0.02 benefit from rising commodity prices. We didn't have that kind of a gain this quarter as scrap prices were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. And finally, within the wholesale business, we are approximately one month to the lower gross margin AkzoNobel business. Although we expect this to continue to be a lower gross margin compared to part sales, we do believe that over time, we'll be gaining beginning operating leverage to the operating income should become more similar. We continue to see improvements in our facility and warehouse [indiscernible] expenses. In total, these 2 items fell on a year-over-year quarterly basis from 22.4% of revenue to 21.1%. This improvement is partially a function of the math because the higher commodity prices drive revenue without any corresponding increase in most of these costs, but also reflect the continued leverage in the business. Distribution cost saw an increase from 8.8% of revenue to 9.1%. The primary driver of this increase was additional fuel and related shipping cost as we saw fuel prices hit recent highest during the quarter. The quarter also included $2.4 million of restructuring expenses, primarily associated with lease termination cost from the AkzoNobel transaction.  Our operating income was $78.5 million in Q2 2011 compared to $69.6 million in Q2 last year, an improvement of $8.9 million or 13%. Net interest expense of $4.7 million was favorable -- excuse me, was $2.5 million favorable to Q2 last year. This is the first full quarter of operating under our new credit facility. During the quarter, our $200 million interest rate swap rolled off and is placed with $100 million fixed to floating hedge on which are currently paying 2.86% interest. The year-over-year improvement in interest expense was a result of slightly lower average boring levels and improved boring cost. Our effective boring rate was 3.4% in Q2 2011 compared to 4.9% in Q2 2010.  Other income included a $1.6 million favorable adjustment related to a contingent purchase price adjustment from a prior acquisition. Our year-to-date tax rate was 38.9%, and in Q2 2010, our year-to-date rate was 38.2% but you may recall that last year included some favorable discrete adjustments. On a reported basis, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.32 in Q2 2011 compared to $0.26 in 2010. Moving to the cash flow. Cash flow from operations year-to-date was $101.1 million compared to $100.2 million in 2010. Although earnings were $13 million higher in 2011, we saw working capital changes, negatively impacting cash flow. Our largest driver was accounts receivable which was a use of cash for $25 million compared to only $1 million used last year.  During the quarter, we spent $52 million in cash on acquisitions, bringing our year-to-date total to $96 million. We also issued 291,000 shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options and equity compensation, and that resulted in $4.1 million in cash including related tax benefits. Debt at the end of the quarter was $586 million, including $574 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $42 million at quarter end. As we noted in the press release, we're very pleased that Standard & Poor's raised our credit rating to BB+ from BB, reflecting the company's increasingly improving credit ratios.  As at quarter end, we had a draw of $328 million in revolving credit facility and approximately $34 million of letters to credit that is backstop by the facility, leaving $389 million of availability for future borrowings. Under the terms of our new credit agreement, we were required to make debt repayments on a term loan of a little over $3 million each quarter this year.  Turning to guidance, you learned in the press release this morning that we raised the low end of our EPS and income guidance for the year. Our revised EPS guidance is a range of $1.36 to $1.42. The new range for income from continuing operations is $201 million to $211 million. I want to point out that the revised guidance includes $0.02 we incurred on the debt refinancing in Q1. The guidance also excludes restructuring and integration costs. Based on the acquisitions we've completed to date, we expect to incur approximately $2 million more of these costs in the second half of the year.  I'll just take a moment to discuss a few of the things that could impact us for the rest of the year. On the external front, fuel costs remain a bit of an unknown. If gas stays at elevated levels, we could see miles driven, decline further, and that would lower the number of accidents and hence our volume. As I mentioned earlier, we saw higher fuel cost causing our distribution cost to increase faster than our revenue. We've also seen our shipping rates increase, although these are largely built into our Q2 numbers. Scrap steel commodity prices were flat Q2 to Q1, and at this point we're not projecting any change. We've seen the auction environment fairly stable as we paid approximately $1,870 per vehicle last quarter, which is very similar to the $1,850 we paid in Q2 2010 and the $1,880 we paid in Q3 2010.  On internal front, Rob spoke to some of our pricing initiatives. I think it's fair to say that those have helped stabilize and slightly improve the margins in the recycling line of business. Those programs are ongoing. We are continuing our analytics around the aftermarket side of the wholesale business and we expect to have some initial programs in the aftermarket side ready to roll out this quarter. And with that, Jackie, we'd like to open the phones to questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: One question, I want to just, maybe a point of clarification. It sounds as if, if we go from the first quarter now into the second quarter and we've seen a bit more compression on the gross margin side. I guess I came out of the first quarter thinking that we would see gross margin sort of flatten out. Now it sounds like we may be at the run rate that we had this quarter in sort of the 42-ish, 42.5 range for subsequent quarters at least until the paint and the various wheel smelter operations are fully incorporated. Is that the correct way to be thinking about things now?
Robert Wagman: Yes. I think it is, Tony. With just some more general comments on margins, what we've got, what we've done so far and where I see it going forward, what might be helpful. We certainly continue to see the impact of the acquired businesses that we have. The integration period takes time and we continue to work through those integrations. This all a [indiscernible] correct will true up in Q4 but currently the act of creating a year-over-year drag. As Joe mentioned in his remarks, the paint and then the cooling business as well do tend to have lower margins because they're much more competitive in nature in the marketplace so it will be a little bit of a drag. However, we do believe that over time, we'll pick that back up on the operating side. We have the last quarter of the C for C, Cash for Clunkers comps impacts, and next quarter we'll return to normal comps with parts cars we generally purchase. So that's going away.  Just some of the things we have in the works that we also talked about. The additional deviation controls that are launching in August. We expect to have healthy aftermarket side of the business where the rest will be locked down similar to the yard in the salvage side of our business. And we're also putting a new enhancement there, where basically unlimited stock deviation lockdown will happen as well. So that's happening in August. We continue to watch the OE pricing. Of course, as they raise their prices, we're going to still follow suit and aggressively pursue that. They tend to be in the 1.5% to 2% range increases as we speak. John mentioned the cost of salvage still a little bit of an issue but hopefully, post tsunami, with the saw [ph] rate coming up now, we can get a little bit of relief in the used car market. Q2 is also a seasonally downturn for us in the aftermarket business particularly. But both sides of the business are impacted as we slow down into the slower collision period.  Just talking about going forward now. As Joe mentioned and I mentioned, historically some of these businesses that we purchased now, the cooling and the heating and the paint, have been a little bit historically lower margins but we think we'll get the operational margin improvements as we bring them into our system. The initiatives in place that we have, I feel pretty confident that the salvage margins have bottomed. And likely, with some of the initiatives we have in place, with the fuel charges and the other initiatives we have going with deviations, I'd like to see some kind of an uptick here in the upcoming quarters. As far as aftermarket goes when it comes to margins, we have to adjust for some seasonality as I mentioned in Q2 but with some of the things we have in place here with the deviations coming as well as the pricing that were marking closely with the OEs. I expect to see that has bottomed down as well and some modest uptick here in the next couple of quarters. As this, I'll let John add anything else as you...
John Quinn: The only other thing I pointed out in my prepared remarks, Tony was the -- obviously as Rob mentioned there was the seasonality. And also, Q1 did have a couple of benefit in there from the commodity, sequential Q4 to Q1 commodity rise. And so, that wasn’t repeated, commodity price were essentially flat in the quarter. So you lose that benefit.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: When you look at sort of the paint business, the engine and cooling, from these newer businesses you've acquired, the paint, I guess you've already had some exposure with. But I'm just wondering, is the maturation phase for these businesses a bit longer than what you would normally have if you were just acquiring a traditional yard? And so maybe the revenue on the upfront side is slower to develop but then it has a longer tail? And how should we think about sort of the timing on sort of the incremental benefit from these newer acquisitions from different verticals?
Robert Wagman: Sure. I'll just hit a couple on maybe on the paint front, Tony. Typically, the paints, people shop, so spray a particular brand of paint. The selling cycle tends to be very long. They're switching costs associated with the equipment and so forth. And so the sale cycle tends to be much longer, but there's a lot of stickiness around the customer base because they typically stick with the brand for several years at a time. So precisely, the longer sales cycle and the gross margin on that business is likely to stay lower but we think that typically paints distributed in, sort of one liter-sized containers, as we start to be able to integrate that onto our trucks and leverage that into our warehouses, we mentioned the charge for warehousing pyramids, if you will. We're actually in leases in terms of the, some of the facilities that we're closing, in the AkzoNobel deal. Now as we start to get those into our warehouses, we should be able to leverage some of the distribution and facility costs. We're considering and hopefully create a customer stickiness. We're already into an awful lot of the shops. Anyway, we're selling our parts and services in there, just about everyone of those shops uses paint so we'd like to think that we can start to leverage those relationships. And although the operating -- excuse me, the gross margins are lower, you get it back on the operating line over time. That will take a little bit of time. And does that answer the question?
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes. I think so. I just want to make sure from a timing standpoint, I'm thinking correctly about the added benefits of the revenue versus the incremental upfront cost of the acquisition. And it seems like you got more of an upfront headwind but then you get a much bigger benefit once you have the infrastructure in place.
Robert Wagman: I just wanted quote you, Tony. Many of these paint customers are under contract. As John mentioned, with the equipment that they have, they have to sign contracts. So there is a little bit of a headwind on getting the revenue there as they come out of contracts. So you're right, there will be a little bit of a delay but the benefits will come at the end. I think Joe mentioned the market size of being -- we've seen various estimates between 2 billion and 2.5 billion, and we're probably about 10% today. If we think we can get them over the years, over a number of years, get our market share closer to where we are in the alternative parts market, we could easily improve that dramatically.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And maybe just quick follow-up for Joe. When you think about the acquisition opportunities that you foresee, are they going to be consistent with existing runs of operation or do we still anticipate new verticals that you may be able to add and I'll leave it at that?
Joseph Holsten: I think right now, Tony, we're not looking at what I would consider new verticals at the moment in the U.S. market. We certainly in the late-model salvage, we are focused predominantly on geographical expansions right now. As you saw during the quarter, the Boise, Idaho, markets, total new market entry for us and our presence in the Fresno, Sacramento, markets was somewhat limited. So we're very happy with the addition of the geographical expansions there. And aftermarket products be able to continue to look at moving faster on the paint transactions than probably aftermarket parts. Aftermarket products, parts anyway, we will probably consider cold starting markets at this point. And on the U-Pull-It business, again that would be more focused on geographical expansion. The brownfields I mentioned, 3 of those are for new geographical markets and one helps solidify a very important market in East Texas for us.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Craig Kennison of RW Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Organic growth, you're guiding to 68%. The first half of was closer to 9%. Maybe just discuss what you see as the factors behind the slowdown or if that's just a function of being conservative?
Robert Wagman: The organic growth, there's a good backlog in the salvage, certainly the C for C comps going away, new comps get a lot more tougher going forward. Q4 initially has one less day that we have to contend with, but it really is the miles driven decrease that we saw. We did see some stats from MasterCard on July 4 that the driving was down as well. Really, just with the tougher comps coming with the C for C gone, as well as it's just the headwinds in the economy just tend to be more conservative, that 68% is probably going to be the guidance and more likely towards the higher end of that guidance, I suspect. But right now, we're just concerned about with the economy.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And as a reminder, I think in the first half, you had one additional day in the first quarter?
Robert Wagman: That's correct.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then, John, you mentioned, you thought your share was maybe 10% in the paint business with an opportunity to get to your corporate average share in another categories. Would you mind giving us a reminder of what you think your share is in a couple of these other major categories whether it's aftermarket or the whole sale recycling business?
John Quinn: I don't know -- I won't go there on this call, Craig. But I think to put it into perspective, the thing we see in other companies of -- in competitors in the paint business that are doing circa $400 million. We are probably the #2 today, obviously, our goal is to be the #1 in every market.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And I noted that NSF recently decided to start reading distributors. Would you be participating in that and do you see that as a material event for you?
Robert Wagman: We are part of that, Craig. We are in the committee to help establish distributors. We actually view it as a good thing. As we look at our quality of vendors, we'll bring more credibility to the industry so we are a part of that as we are actively supporting their role and their certification programs. We actively buy their products. So we view that as a good thing for the industry.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Lovallo of Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Can you talk a little bit about the dynamics in the paint manufacturing business? I mean, are there a few big players with sizable market share? I mean, how does that kind of lineup?
Robert Wagman: There are a few -- one big -- real big company is Finish Master, they are owned by a publicly traded company out of Canada Uni-Select. After that, there is a lot of small regional players in the marketplace that tend to be one state, couple of states, maybe, but for the most part, it's small, independent distributors in the paint industry.
John Quinn: But John, is your question about the distributors or the manufacturers?
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: It's the manufacturers, actually.
John Quinn: I'm sorry. Yes. Well, most of the paint is produced by a couple of large PPG, AkzoNobel, Sherwin-Williams, DuPont, and these are sort of household names and they operate a model where typically they will distribute through distributorships like ourselves. So just make it clear, we're not manufacturing any paint. We're the distributor, we distribute for all of those companies I just mentioned, except maybe Sherwin-Williams.
Robert Wagman: Sherwin-Williams is only the one, John, that has direct distribution. They have their own company stores. All the other locations, and Akzo did, until they sold it to us. So all the other 3 big players that John mentioned are either in distribution -- distributor markets.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. I've noticed on -- being on the past few presentations that there's been a little bit more talk about the potential for international expansion. Is there any update on that front?
Joseph Holsten: Yes, we continue to meet periodically with players from other markets. Just us, say, increasing our knowledge and kind of to get the pulse on what momentum may exist in terms of market interest and driving higher alternate part utilization rates. We have an increasing flow of people from China who are looking for partners to -- I'd say looking for people with the know-how to operate on the ground, and of course they're offering their varying -- their significant political relationships in most cases. As I'd guess there's probably someone to our office about once a quarter now to have discussions with us about the Chinese market and other than that, kind of where we focus building our knowledge basis in the European arena. So, yes, we continue to learn, listen and look for opportunities that may be a good entry vehicles for us.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great, and if I could sneak one last in here. I know claims frequency came down in April. You guys have any more recent read on that?
Robert Wagman: We do not -- we do talk to body shop's that are saying, it's been a little soft, but other than that, John, it's basically just anecdotal but with the miles driven, we suspect that claim's behind us, probably being hindered a little bit as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sam Darkatsh of Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Two, 3 questions here. First off, just trying to make sure my math reconciles, that on the gross margin line, it was sequentially down 130 basis points. And John, you called out that the absence of the gain in scraps sequentially, and then you had one month of the AkzoNobel business. Any way you could help quantify that? I think you might have mentioned a couple of cents impact from the scrap gain, if my math holds, maybe that's 60 basis points or so of 130 basis points dropped? I'm just trying to get a sense of?
John Quinn: Sure. I estimated between 70 and 80.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: 70 and 80? And so the -- how much of the remainder is the deal mix -- deal-related mix and versus the seasonal drop?
John Quinn: I'd say the seasonal drops a majority of it.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Next question, based on the acquisitions that you have consummated to date, what do you peg the 2011 total sales from acquisitions and then total in 2012 also, based on again, the deals you've already announced?
John Quinn: I may have to get back to you on that one, Sam, we had $100 million this quarter of acquisition revenue. I just had to ask them to check for the lapse in schedule because Q3 last year we had the smelter acquisition and that's going to drop off. I mean it did cross Canada in Q4, that's going to drop off in Q4, most probably about in Q4 that it mostly drops off. So…
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I'll circle back with you on that one. That's fine. And then I guess, the last question, Rob, you don't give quarterly guidance. So if you could help us a little bit with where the primary variances were in the quarter versus your internal plan? How the quarter shook out versus what your original expectations were? That would be helpful.
Robert Wagman: Yes. As I mentioned, Sam, we were pretty much on our internal number. Top line was good. Bottom line was right where we expected. Again, John mentioned a little bit of the headwind that we received under the distribution cost. But overall, it was pretty much right on target where we had with the quarter. Where we thought we were going to come in.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Stember of Sidoti & Co.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Could you just possibly talk about how things are shaping up so far in the current quarter in July?
Robert Wagman: July is traditionally, a slower month as I suspect. Many of our customers choose to take some vacation time. This year, no different. A little bit slower than usual but again, impacted by seasonality, I suspect. But we did anticipate and budget appropriately for the month. The 4th of July was an interesting timing. It fell on a Friday, and caused a long weekend there. So it's low, slow period. And ramped up over the course of the month.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And circling back to the aftermarket side of the business, you guys have given some statistics about utilization rates and at least through March, it seems as if the numbers went up dramatically, year-over-year? Have you seen anything industry-wide more current than that?
Robert Wagman: No. We'll be generally getting APU figures annually from the estimating companies CCC, Mitchell and Auto Techs [ph]. But we certainly see as robust activity with the insurance industry on promoting alternate parts and quite frankly, the direct repair facility networks continue to gain strength and they are the biggest proponents of alternative parts. So while we haven't seen any new numbers, we suspect it's been strong and they will continue that way for the balance of the year.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Last question on some of the non-insurance collision pieces of your business with fleet car rental companies and now with the government, could you talk about how those are shaping up?
Robert Wagman: Yes. We continue to market the government. It's a slow process. I think as we're all witnessing from the debt debate. Saving a little bit of time but we're actually working with the government, our government affairs division to help open some doors for our government marketing departments, so those continue to march along but it's a slow process. We think it's a marathon not a sprint and making some progress.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And as far as some of the other items like fleet car rental companies, I know you guys are working on that, can you talk about that?
Robert Wagman: We have a team, they’re based out of Houston, Texas. That is marketing to the fleet with our reman, in particular, we're going after those fleet companies now. Making a little bit of headway, a lot more road ahead of us, though, but I think we'll continue to knock those doors and then we'll see some good progress there over the coming quarters.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And just a clarification. You did say that the restructuring charges for this quarter of 2.4 was related to acquisitions?
John Quinn: Correct. It is primarily associated with the termination of leases around the AkzoNobel transaction. There's a little bit up in Canada as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bill Armstrong of CL King and Associates.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: The most of my questions are answered, but the 36% scrap, our other category comp, is it possible to break that out by volume versus price on a year-over-year basis?
John Quinn: Generally, if you could just kind of go off the car volumes, Bill, it's about as close as we can get. We don't have a precise tonnage number because of the way that it works. But it's generally speaking, to the extent that you see organic growth with respect to car volumes on the scrap, will follow. Does that make any sense?
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Yes, yes, it does. I had a feeling that might be a little difficult to put your finger on. You also mentioned exploring alternative salvage solutions outside the auction environment. I was wondering if you could just expand on that a little bit?
Robert Wagman: Yes. I'd be glad to, Bill. There's been some recent interest by insurance companies to, in particular, look at low-end salvage alternatives to try and save some cost at the auctions. We're participating in a few of those programs where we have self-service. So it's great the access to some salvage. It just seems that the interest levels been peaked a little bit lately by some major carriers, actually. These aren't the smaller Tier 2 or Tier 3. These are on the Tier 1s. Just looking for alternatives outside the auction market, and again, particularly on the lower-end salvage. But again, we need access to those cars for our self-service. So we actively engage with them in those communications and we want a few of those deals.
John Quinn: Bill, just to follow up, we estimate it's around 2/3 is price and 1/3 volume.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: 2/3 price, 1/3 volume.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Lawrence of Morgan Keegan.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just real quick, would you talk a little bit about -- Rob, you've talked about over the last couple of quarters about some things initiatives at the auction process as you look around the country and some things that you can do to help that spread a little bit. Anything going on there? Obviously, you're showing some improvement and as saw [ph] comes back up, what do you think that positions you on sort of the auction prices?
John Quinn: Yes, well, we're hoping and anticipating as it starts to come up, it will get pressure off the used car market and you can get some of those guys that we believe that are coming to our sector of the business to try and get cars to put on their lots. We're encouraged by the Japanese turnaround in terms of production, it's coming up rapidly. And we're anticipating that should give us some relief and we don't expect looking at the Manheim Used Car Index. It's at a high but it does have seemed to peak, at least appears, that it's not going any higher. So hopefully, we'll get some pressure potentially on the cost of goods.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Yes, and secondly, you talk about field rates better, et cetera, and more parts, obviously the tales of the amount of inventory just continue to grow, is that correct? As far as the breadth of inventory?
Robert Wagman: Are you talking pipelines?
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Yes.
Robert Wagman: Absolutely. Yes. As the cooling acquisition got us into some new products that we didn't have. Of course, the reman engines put us in some new products. So, yes, and of course, the paint. We were already in but we've certainly much more in depth there. I just want to touch on a few things on the paint as well. We have a lot of greenfield opportunities with those -- with the Akzo deal. So we'll be putting in a lot of greenfields. The amount of certified parts, interestingly enough, that a lot of insurance companies demand. I think in some stats from last quarter, there were 600 new parts entries into the certified parts market. Through CAPA and NSF. And as I mentioned on the last call, John, the -- we are pushing NSF to certify different type parts than CAPA. So we're not getting much duplication. So it's providing a big upside on the certified parts market as well.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And last question, truck business. I mean, volumes are up, anything there we should take away? And how should we think about that over the next, say, few quarters?
Joseph Holsten: Yes. We're in the deal market there and carefully evaluating a few acquisition candidates. And I'm hopeful that in the second half the year we'll make another couple of additions of new markets to -- and the importance of the additional markets from my perspective is to allow us more versatility to go after fleets, especially on the fleet disposal. And that's why I'm interested in the footprint predominantly, is a, kind of, more of the marketing for fleet disposal from fleet managers. I think -- we saw a nice improvement year-over-year in the operating margins of the truck business. It's still relatively minor piece of the LKQ puzzle. But the margins are certainly getting to the levels that we had anticipated when we made the decision a few years ago to enter this line of business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Nathan Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I just wanted to talk a little bit about some of the earlier questions going back to, looking at margins and integration and talking about how on the gross side we take a little bit of a near-term hit but longer term, we can get those operating margins kind of back up to par. And I kind of was wondering in terms of the timeline in the process to give us a little bit of a better framework for how that works and what your plans are there?
John Quinn: I'll just start, maybe, and Rob can chime in. The -- I think what we said was that with respect to a couple of the businesses, there's a mix change that we view as probably a little bit permanent. So we took a step down with the smelter business that we bought last year. That, as you know, we bought that to support our wheel refinishing business. We really -- all the furnace does were to essentially densify the aluminum into thousand ingots for resale and for easier shipping. So to the extent that ends up as a bigger component of scrap and other -- it's a very low-margin business. And that's sort of a permanent step down. And that was actually the number one driver when I talked about the mix change, accounting for the majority of year-over-year variants now. That's more or less permanent. With respect to the paint business, the paint business is a lower gross margin business. As we continue to expand that, we're going to continue to see that be a slighlty unfavorable mix at the gross margin line. I think Joe mentioned that over time, and we think that as we rationalize the warehouse, as we rationalize the distribution that the operating income line should come up on that business to something comparable to where we're at. On the engine business, that is initially has been a little bit lower, isn't it? There's some bookkeeping issues associated when you buy a company that, if you got inventory gains, you’re not allowed to recognized all those. So there’ll be a little bit of impact in that but not really all that big. But over time, this strategy with respect to that business really is to get the product into our shops and it'll end up showing up in the salvage side of the business. So in terms of some of the margin improvements that we see coming, I think a lot of that's going to come out through the facility, the selling, the distribution, the cost, as opposed to gross margin per se. Then with respect to some of the other initiatives that we're taking, though, on the pricing front, I think that we've seen some early success with respect to, for example, the core charge program that we mentioned a couple of quarters ago. We just got the fuel surcharge in June, that seems to be going well. Both those programs are on the salvage side. After-market, we're just starting, it’s early days there, we've been doing some analytics and trying to figure out what you can do there. Rob mentioned I think, that you were starting some programs around that in Q3. And so, those things would help margins on those fronts.
Robert Wagman: I think just one thing, Nate, on the Akzo transaction which was the latest one we did. Just to give you, just what we're looking at first, timeline of integration. We had 40 locations purchased and over 30 of them will be relocated over time. So in some of these -- the storage of paint requires basically paint bunkers to protect the -- any kind of explosion that could possibly occur. So it takes time to get these things done. We did get them as John has mentioned previously, with some of you, that the conversions in the system has already been done. So it'll take time to get everyone integrated but as it happens, we'll start seeing on the operating line.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then just kind of a little bit in terms of that “over time” as we get the distribution network kind of more combined then we leverage that, and we leverage the facilities. Are we talking one to 2 years, or 3 to 5 years to kind of really see the real benefit on the operating margin side?
John Quinn: I think generally speaking, it's a shorter period, a couple of years. I don't think anybody has a 5-year plan. If we hadn’t see those certain things we don't build them in that pro forma, if they're not, much quicker than that.
Operator: We'll take our last question coming from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess one of my questions is, you guys have been acquiring businesses at a very rapid rate. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, you've talked a little bit about the margin impact. But what about the growth impact? Meaning, once you own it for, what was it, 12 months? Once it gets factored into the organic growth. Does it grow at some kind of exponential rate for a couple of years at that point? And how much of an impact does that have on your reported organic growth rate?
John Quinn: I think to some extent, it depends on the type of acquisition. And to the extent when we buy a salvage yard in California, for example, you tend to see a little bit of growth there because we can lever our footprint in our distribution and inventory. But that generally happens within the first year. So it's really caught up in the acquisition growth. Thing is, like paint, where we think we can leverage that into our existing customer base, I would think that, that would probably grow at a slightly higher rates than the average over time.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And something like how you track your -- at least on the acquisition side, it was up from 75%, right? So I guess, again, is there any way to kind of ballpark the organic growth from businesses acquired over the last, I don't know, 24 months or something? Impacted by 2 points, or 3 points on the organic side?
Robert Wagman: I think some of these get integrated into the business -- it's hard to say what the contribution is after 24 months. What often happens is that the customers will migrate over to one of our business lines and it does get modeled pretty quick.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then my last question is, it looks like the after-market slowed a bit, at least versus what you've seen for over the last 8 quarters, but the recycle side actually accelerated? Is anything that kind of impacted the mix there? Was something more attractive whether it was in pricing or something else that happened or was it just kind of inventory levels?
Robert Wagman: No. I think the inventory levels have remained very strong. I think that the aftermarket is more of a pure collision type sale, Scot, and where the in-salvage has other opportunities with mechanical and other components. I think we're seeing a little bit of the headwind of the fuel prices there and people can delay or repair if their fender is damaged for example, but they can't delay or repair if your engine blows. So I think we got a little bit of more of a headwind on the after-market than the salvage side of the business.
Operator: I'll hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Robert Wagman: I want to thank everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking to you in about 90 days. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Boutross -  Robert Wagman - Co-Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to LKQ Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. John Quinn, Executive Vice President and CFO.
John Quinn: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our first quarter 2011 financial results and provided updated guidance for 2011.  In the room with me today are: Joe Holsten, LKQ's Vice Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer; Rob Wagman, President and Co-Chief Executive Officer; and Joe Boutross, our Director of Investor Relations. Joe, Rob and I have some prepared remarks and then we'll open up the call for questions.  In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we’re providing an audiocast via LKQ website. Both will have replays available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on the potential risks. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filled with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. And with that, I'm very happy to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Wagman.
Robert Wagman: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with the results we reported this morning. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q1 were $0.39, an increase of 8.3% as compared to $0.36 for the first quarter of 2010.  In our press release, we noted that 2011 diluted earnings per share results included a charge equal to $0.02 for the write-off of debt issuance costs in conjunction with the previously announced refinancing of our credit facility. When factoring out this amount, diluted EPS increased 13.9% compared to Q1 2010. Revenue reached a record $787 million in the quarter, an increase of 30.3% as compared to Q1 2010. Our first quarter total organic revenue growth was 13.6%. Organic revenue growth for parts and services for the quarter was 10.3%, which reflects increased part sales, primarily driven by improved inventory positions.  Turning to aftermarket. Aftermarket and Refurbished revenue increased 22% for the quarter with an organic growth rate of 10%. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of generally robust inventory levels.  Despite the headlines surrounding increased fuel cost, the U.S. Department of Transportation reported that February 2011 miles driven were up 1% from February of 2010. However, this was prior to the recent surge in fuel prices. In our Recycled Parts division, demand for LKQ's wholesale parts remained strong during the quarter. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was up 10.9% for the quarter. Recycled parts revenue growth from acquisitions grew 17% including the impact of our Remanufactured Engine business.  Availability of salvage inventory has remained strong, and we continue to put more recycled inventory on our shelves to sell, but the prices we have to pay continue to be above the historical average.  During the first quarter, we purchased over 55,000 vehicles for dismantling via wholesale operations, which is a 19% increase over Q1 2010. As anticipated in our Q4 call, a healthy volume of cars at auction was realized in Q1. With onhand products and maintenance of our existing rate of vehicle acquisition, we should have sufficient inventory to grow in recycled parts operation.  In an effort to offset margin pressure resulting from higher cost of goods, we continue to place a strong focus on lifting our sales yield. We are concentrating on improving the top line via strategic price increases and on minimizing the cost of sales line with tighter controls over customer discounts and price deviation. We are developing enhanced analytical infrastructure to support price determination, and we continue to implement better disciplines for mechanical, part, floor charges and recovery. We are beginning to see the promising results from these various yield improvement initiatives. But these are early days, and I look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls.  And finally, touching on guidance. Based on current conditions and excluding restructuring expenses in any gains or losses related to future acquisition or divestitures, we anticipate full year 2011 income from continuing operations will be in the range of $197 million to $211 million. And diluted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the range of $1.33 to $1.42. We are leaving the balance of our guidance unchanged for the year.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe to talk about other aspects of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Joseph Boutross: Thanks, Rob. Turning to our Self Service Retail businesses. During the first quarter we've purchased roughly 81,000 lower cost self service and crush only cars as compared to 67,000 in Q1 of 2010, which is a 21% increase. The pricing dynamic within the Self Service business were generally favorable to the company throughout the quarter. So although we saw prices rising, we also saw improved ferrous scrap metal pricing allowing us to maintain gross margin dollar. Shifting to our Heavy-Duty Truck operations. We purchased about 1,000 units for resale or parts during the quarter. Here, we remain focused on expanding our network, as well as rounding out our marketing and sales training in this area.  In addition, I mentioned in the past that we're bringing all of our heavy truck operations under a single IT platform, along with the development of an interchange to facilitate parts identification between our operations. I'm happy to report that this work is progressing very nicely.  Recently, we have been encouraged by a pickup in activity in this line of business including some improvement in the export market. I mentioned in the last call that during the quarter, that we had already acquired 4 businesses. The first of which was ATK. ATK is an engine remanufacturer. Their main distribution warehouse is located near Dallas, Texas. ATK remanufactures passenger auto and light-duty truck engines and cylinder heads, its primary production facility is in Mexico.  The second transaction was HEATEX RadPro located in Michigan. HEATEX is a distributor of automotive heating and cooling parts from 15 leased facilities located primarily in the Midwest, Michigan, Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa and Ohio. HEATEX's core customers are the cooling parts and towers. Third, Midway Systems and Any Core in Duncanville, Texas. Midway sources trucks large from fleet operators, that’s a nice addition they are heavy-duty truck platform. The company also develops and distributes after-market parts for heavy-duty truck application.  And finally, Auto Paradise in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Auto Paradise operated a wholesale salvage yard, which we are in the process of converting to a self-service facility. As mentioned in Q4, these acquisitions will enable us to expand our market presence by supplementing our product line offering and expanding our geographic footprint.  With respect to our own internal development efforts, we currently have 3 self-service recycling facilities under development in various markets. As well as 1 wholesale salvage yard in Central Ohio, which we expect to open later this year. We continue to be pleased with our company's ability to integrate our acquisitions. And given the company's recently announced new $1 billion credit facility, which John will cover in just a couple of minutes, coupled with the robust pipeline, acquisitions will continue to be a key driver in our growth strategy.  At this time, I'd like to ask John to come back on and provide some details of the financials in the quarter.
John Quinn: Thanks, Joe. Before, I can give numbers in the quarter, I thought I'd take a minute or two to talk about the refinancing, the company and our banking partners completed in March. On March 25th, we replaced our then existing $100 million revolver and approximately $600 million of outstanding term loans with a new five-year $1 billion facility consisting of a $250 million term loan and $750 million revolving credit facility. The facility includes a $300 million of  multicurrency sublimit and an accordion features for an additional $400 million.  The new facility offers us a number of immediate and longer-term benefits. Our liquidity over the next few years has markedly improved as we have approximately $300 million of additional capacity, and we've reduced the mandatory term loan repayments that would have been required under the full facility.  Interest expense would be immediately lower as we reduced our drawing borrowing cost under the facility by 50 basis points to L plus 175. With the pricing grid, it allows us to move lower if our leverage continues to improve. The larger revolver means we are able to eliminate some of the negative carry we had from holding cash on the balance sheet, and with the new five-year term in place, we've pushed our only meaningful debt maturity out to 2016.  You will note that in the quarter, we wrote off $5.3 million of unamortized cost associated with the old facility equal to $0.02 per share. This is a noncash charge that has not been contemplated in prior guidance.  Moving forward to the quarter's results. Rob has already given you a breakdown of the year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll just supplement what he said with a few other data points. For Q1, our total organic revenue growth was 13.6%, and we had an additional growth of 16.5% from acquisition.  Rob mentioned that the Q1 2011 organic growth for parts and services was 10.3%. Other revenue, which is where we recorded our scrap commodity sales was up 71%. Approximately 37% of this was organic growth as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis and because we had higher borrowings of scrap in the cores. And 34% was the result of acquisitions.  In Q1 2011, revenue for our Self Service business was $74.4 million or approximately 9.5% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 30% of this revenue was part sales included in the recycled and related products and 70% scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue was driven by the 19 deals we did in the final 3 quarters of last year and the 4 deals we closed in Q1 this year.  The Q1 impact on revenue from acquisition was approximately $100 million. Gross margin for the first quarter of 2011 was 43.7%, which was down 320 basis points from 46.9% in the same period of 2010. In the last 2 quarters, we mentioned that this decline was primarily related to higher costs incurred acquiring salvage vehicles at auction and in Self Service line of business.  We continue to see these lines of business being the principal driver of the margin decline on the year-over-year basis. But I think the other thing to consider is that as our other revenue grows, simply as a result of higher commodity prices, we don't maintain the same gross margin percentage on the back revenue. While we may make some additional gross margin dollars, we don't always make the same gross margin percentage.  I'd also like to have a comment on sequential margins. We saw our sequential margins, that is Q4 2010 to Q1 2011, improve about 100 basis points from 42.7% to 43.7%. We believe there are a number of things that are driving that improvement. Scrap prices rose during the quarter on average about $47 a ton. There's a lag between the time we buy cars and remove the parts and in time we sell the hulks for scrap. We estimate this lag added about $0.02 EPS benefit, which showed up in our gross margin.  Rob mentioned the impact of our pricing programs. It's still early days, but we are starting to see some of the actions shown up in the numbers. I'd also like to mention that the heavy influx of acquisition revenue probably caused a bit of a drag on Q1 margins, and for new revenue can run below our company average for a few quarters. The smelter operation we bought in Q3 will always run at lower margins. But the other businesses should see some margin improvement over time, as we continue to integrate them into our platforms.  We continue to pay improvements in each of our facility, warehouse, distribution and SG&A expenses. In total, these 3 items fell from 30.5% of revenue to 28.7%. This improvement is partly a function of math because of the higher commodity prices drive higher revenue, without any corresponding increase in most of these costs. But it also reflects continued leverage in the business. Also Parts revenue was up 24.5% year-over-year, whereas these costs were up 22% reflecting the leverage we are achieving.  Our operating income was $107.4 million in Q1 2011 compared to $89.9 million in Q4 last year, an improvement of $17.4 million or 19.4%. Net interest expense of $11.8 million was $4.5 million on favorable to Q1 last year. I mentioned earlier that 2011 included a noncash write-off and unamortized deferred cost associated with our prior credit facility of $5.3 million.  Without these costs, our interest expense would have been $6.4 million or about $900,000 favorable to last year. The year-over-year improvement in this number is a result of lower average borrowing levels and improved foreign costs. Our effective borrowing rate was 4.6% in Q1 of 2011 compared to 5.1% in Q1 2010.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 39.2%. In Q1 2010, the rate was 37.2%. But you may recall that last year included some favorable discrete adjustments. On a reported basis, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.39 in Q1 2011 compared to $0.36 in 2010. And as we mentioned earlier, there's a $0.02 expense associated with the refinancing of the credit resulting in that 2011 numbers.  Cash flow from operations was $77.3 million compared to $88.1 million in 2010. The main drivers of the change was an increase in working capital, mainly accounts receivable which ws the use of cash of $19 million compared to $3 million used last year. And accounts payable, which was the use of cash of $10 million this year compared to a source of cash of $6 million last year.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $18 million. And during the quarter, we spent $44 million in cash and on acquisitions. We also issued 407,000 shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in a $5.1 million in cash, including tax-related benefits.  Debt at the end of the quarter was $559 million, including $547 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $65 million at the end of the quarter. And at quarter end, we had a draw of $297 million in that revolving credit facility and approximately $26 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by the facility leaving $427 million of availability for future borrowings.  Under the terms of our new credit agreement, we're required to make debt repayments on our term loans of a little over $3 million each quarter this year. On April 14 of this year, our $200 million floating fixed hedge rolled off. And hedge we've put in place in Q4 where $100 million floating the fix became effective. With these hedges, we have approximately 65% of our debt fixed at an average cash interest rate of 3.2%, and the balance is floating with the cash interest rate of about 2.2% at today's LIBOR rates and our current credit's spreads. Rob mentioned the increased guidance for the year, wherein we raised our EPS guidance to a range $1.33 to $1.42. I want to point out that the revised guidance includes the $0.02 we incurred on the debt refinancings. To the sense the refinancing wasn't in our original guidance, conceptually, we are raising the operating performance of the business by more than the new EPS numbers would suggest.  Rob mentioned that the guidance excludes restructuring and integration costs based upon the acquisitions we've completed today, we expect to incur between $1 million and $2 million of these costs beginning in Q2 of this year.  I will just take a moment to discuss some of the things that could have impact us for the rest of the year. On the external front, there is the higher fuel costs. If gas stays at elevated levels, we could see miles driven decline and that could lower the number of accidents and hence our volume. We continue to hear how higher commodity prices combined with the lower dollar is causing pressure on our aftermarket suppliers and shippers.  And our guidance contemplates scrap prices and car prices where they are in the market today. Obviously, scraps could go either way, up or down. We saw the Manheim used car index hit a new high in Q1, and we think that impacted the prices we paid at salvage yards. We'd like to think that the index has peaked and may even start to come down overtime. But, obviously, that's just kind of out of our control.  We do feel pretty good about the things we can control, including our pricing efforts and cost control. And we also have a high degree of confidence in our acquisition and integration abilities. To the extent we can avoid the negatives or get more out of these positives, we could see ourselves on the higher side of the new guidance range.  With that, Christine, we'd like to open the phones for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: First question is, in relationship to Japan, is there any chance that there will be increased demand for alternative parts? And along those lines, if the OE channels were unable to supply certain parts, is there an opportunity for you guys to supply that channel as well?
Robert Wagman: John, this is Rob. To date, we can report there have been no real part shortages in the OEMs supply chain. We certainly would expect just from the news stories we're hearing from Japan there's going to be some level of disruption at some point. But there's really no clear signals as to which parts and when that might occur. One thing we can report on that that's positive there's been no impact to our Taiwan suppliers because they did receive some of their raw materials from Japan, which has gone unimpacted. One thing that definitely will happen is there's a strong prediction of a tighter new car availability market, which would likely put pressure on the used car market, as John mentioned. But to be safe, we have increased our safety stock of parts once already. And we are contemplating another uplift of emergency stock just in case it does turn towards a shortage of parts. We will be prepared if it, in fact, that does occur. But as I said, right now, we have nothing firm on that.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. In terms of the Self Service business, how big of a part of the business can this become? I mean, do you think it will remain around kind of the 10% of total revenue or is there an opportunity to grow this further?
Joseph Boutross: Yes. Well, as I indicated we have 3 development yards under construction right now. We continue to look for acquisition opportunities. So it's an important piece of the business. The insurance carriers increasingly are looking for more cost effective ways to deal with the lower end products that they have and the auction fees have become, quite frankly, so expensive that they lose money and those insurance carriers will lose money on some of the lowest cost products.  And we believe that our self-service yards can take that product directly and be of benefit to our very important partners and insurance carriers. But say it’s probably around 10% of the business right now, if you factor in the scrap. And I would guess if the business will probably outpace the Self Service business. And probably each year you'll kind of see the overall mix, the decline just gradually, just positive. We are adding other product lines continually to the products that we want our sales people to sell and distribute. So we'll be working to develop it. But my I guess as a few years from now, it won't be 10% ,as high.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's very helpful. And finally, just a quick housekeeping. In terms of the revolver, is the interest rate the same as on the term loan?
Robert Wagman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James Financial.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Couple of questions. There's a lot of moving parts with gross margin, with the acquisition impacts, the steel scrap prices, your pricing initiatives. How should we look at gross margins over the next couple of quarters? And then I've got a couple of follow-ups too.
Robert Wagman: Certainly, let me talk about some of the initiatives we've taken. John mentioned that the Q1-to-Q1 comparison, cost of salvage vehicles has increased as well as a cost of self-service vehicles. Seem to think that it's going to bottom out at some point, and we may be near that point. Of course the addition of the smelter impacted the Q1 results as well. As what this year and, of course, we didn't have the scene foreseen this year that we had last year. And of course, the time to absorb new acquired businesses, we can get them on our systems pretty quick. But to get them to the margins that we are consistently running can take upwards to a year. To the other part of your question on some of the initiatives we've taken, we'll talk a little bit about those in the pricing department, across the region pricers. They are making regional decisions, but much more quickly and effectively. And that is starting to show as well.  We have locked down our refs. We talked about last quarter about bypassing core charges on certain part types. We've now expanded that across all part types. So we should expect to see some margin protection there as well. We've also engaged our IT department to make some deviation controls electronically rather than a manual process the refs will now tied down there as well. We mentioned about our pricing analyst in my presentation, but more intelligence-based decisions upon supply, demand and market conditions. Of course, rising steel prices certainly helped the margins a little bit here. But the system, the system sharing network we're seeing as well has been very positive for us. The communications between our aftermarket divisions and our salvage divisions is helping us adjust prices much more quickly. But finally, we are early in the game, but the initial numbers do look promising. So we do expect the margin to -- with the initiatives that we have in place, over time, we'll continue to improve.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So we should expect a slightly accretive gross margins on a go-forward basis from the $437 million that you reported in the first quarter?
Robert Wagman: We are getting away from the cash reflector comps, which were stronger. And we still had a Q2 impact last year. So probably flat as we move forward a little bit, but these initiatives will start to have an impact.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And what's your outlook on steel scrap prices near term? March, they came in a little. Rob, what are your thoughts in the next few months or six months or so?
Joseph Boutross: We saw kind of a peak in February, and March came off just a little bit. April had stayed really flat with where our margin performance was. We have not seen any May quotes yet prior the -- actually, probably be tomorrow, when we start to get our first May quotes. But we're assuming that May probably comes off at $10 to $20 a ton. Out further than that, we certainly our forecasts assume that we're staying relatively close to current levels for the balance of the year.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last question before I give the floor to others. Your acquisition pipeline last April and March, there weren't acquisitions best I can tell. Can you give a color around what you're seeing? Which areas -- perhaps, what you're targeting for sales for the year for acquisitions? A little bit more meat on the bone if you could, please?
Joseph Boutross: Sure. Let me start by saying the pipeline is as robust as it's ever been. Walter Hanley and Bob Dietsch , lead our kind of central efforts, we're augmenting them with additional resources in the field, as well as additional headcount here in Chicago. With Rob having taken on some much extra responsibility and the day-to-day operations, a lot more of my personal time is being channeled towards acquisition and development work as well.  My broad estimate over the next 24 months would remain that we should put a minimum of $400 million of acquired revenue on the books over the next 2 years. And I think there are plenty of good-quality opportunities to work for that number. And, obviously, the company is well financed to take advantage of the opportunities. We're pretty much sticking to our historic multiples of what we paid for businesses. We see no reason to become more aggressive or try to take anything off the table.  In the late model area, kind of our traditional LKQ salvage business, I would say our focus area there is really on geographical expansion just looking for good quality yards, good management with good capacity that will extend our current markets and allow us to build more capacity in our distribution systems. The other thing that we will look for in late model would be what I consider distress opportunities, and these are businesses, who the owners are essentially looking for an expedient way to liquidate their business. And in those cases, we are buying inventory at cost, paying a token amount for a phone number and we'll close the facility, sell the parts, pick up a few salespeople and, essentially, have an organized liquidation of the business over a couple of year period.  In our aftermarket business, most of our focus is really on -- continues to be on warehouse upgrades and warehouse expansions. Look for the nods when Rob, but my guess we probably in the last 2 ½ years, we probably be increased the size, reracked keystone warehouses, probably 60% of them just sometimes increasing the capacity of the existing warehouse that, in most cases, they are adding cubic feet into the warehouse.  Obviously, the other focus area in aftermarket recently has been on product line expansion. We've talked about a couple of cooling transactions. Cooling is one of our faster growing product lines right now. And another fast growing product line for us is coating for paint. And those continued to be the focus areas in our deal team. In aftermarket, we're also looking to what I term the distress opportunities as well. On the self-service, these are really all geographical expansion to new markets. And I've mentioned, we have 3 greenfields under development. And we have a couple of convergence plans over the next couple of years where we know that through expanding our late model yards, we're going to be able to add enough real estate that we'll be able to put a side-by-side self-service yard next to our late model yard. In the heavy-duty truck area, we completed one deal in the quarter. And so our focus here is strictly is on geographical expansion to build out the footprint. And then finally, in our remaining operations, between the 2010 deals on wheels and pro formas in ATK, I would suggest that for this business line, we really need to be in digestion mode for the balance of this year before we start to seriously look at adding more capacity.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That was a terrific color. Thank you, Joe. Sales in the second quarter from acquisitions, it was $100 million in the first quarter or something similar to that in the second quarter, would you guess?
John Quinn: Based on what is in the book today, you're going to see Q2 being a little bit less because of our Q2 acquisitions from last year drop off, and so some of it is going to taper down, I think it tapers down to probably around $30 million for Q4 from that acquisition book that we have today.
Joseph Boutross: Our Q2 deals are going to be late-quarter events.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: First question I had, can you talk a little bit about sort of how you feel about current inventories, your backlog, your fill rates and what you're seeing today with respect to salvage auctions in terms of your ability to procure and get the cars you want?
John Quinn: Yes, the fill rate, I'll start with that, Tony, very strong. Obviously, we came out of a strong quarter in revenue and our fill rates are pretty much flat in both of our segments, aftermarket and salvage. But we have really healthy fill rates in the high range that, historically, where we've been. So we're very pleased with the fill rates. As far as the backlog, our backlog is very good in our salvage facilities. The buying is very strong, as we mentioned in our Q1, with our increase of 17%. In the auctions, as we also predicted coming out of Q4, our Q4 call, with the heavy weather that we've sustained in Q1, the auctions are very full with product. And as you know, it takes 60 days before those hit the auctions. So the auctions are remaining at higher levels of vehicles for purchase.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And has that indirectly helped a little bit on the pricing side as well?
John Quinn: Pricing is still strong, again, because of the pressure we believe on the used car markets and I think that Japan, prices will continue to put pressure there. But we are buying, again, at a historical high levels, but consistent with previous quarters.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: This was the first quarter, I would say, since 2007 where you saw a double-digit same-store sales growth in sort of the recycle and the aftermarket. So, obviously, weather is playing a role, but you've got to be executing and you've got to be getting traction from your insurance carriers, or are there any of these programs and initiatives, can you list any of these things that you believe are adding incrementally right now for what you're seeing from these strong results?
John Quinn: Certainly, insurance companies demand as strong as ever. We did see a 2% increase in AP usage from '09 to '10, as we reported last year. So insurance companies are definitely driving more and more demand. Some of the other reasons for the organic growth certainly in Q1, we did see miles driven increase. I believe our inventories both strong on both sides of our business are contributing to that. The certified product on our aftermarket division continues to grow. NSF, as we've mentioned in previous call, is really taking capital on and adding many, many more parts into the system. We certainly did have a great Q1 weather event for the insurance companies. They did report increased claim frequency. And 1 last thing, we did have 1 extra business day this Q1 as compared to Q1 of last year. So we did have a little bit of push there as well. But finally, I do suspect, as Joe mentioned, during the acquisition time, we are seeing some distress business out there. So I think we're taking the market share as well, Tony.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And maybe one last question. When you look at sort of the pilot, that State Farm has in place for electronic ordering, the 1 difference between now and what I think was in 2007 or 2008, is they're inclusive of salvage parts, recycled parts where they’d say weren’t before, it was only a lead -- is that signal, at least, to the extent that they're giving a little bit latitude to the collision shops to sort of find ways to repair at lower price points or if they prefer alternative parts to the extent that they can use them?
John Quinn: Yes, absolutely, Tony. I believe it's a clear signal that State Farm needs to, obviously, be more competitive in the alternative parts arena, and we are thrilled to be have the recycled parts as a part of that process. So we are actively engaged with State Farm talking about programs, and they continue to show interest. So and that's not just related to State Farm, many carriers are still approaching us. We have a whole team dedicated to insurance marketing, and that they continue to report great conversations with the carriers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair and Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to talk just a little bit extrapolating on the last question. I mean, obviously, great organic growth quarter for parts and services in the first. And I know you kept the guidance the same at 6% to 8% for the year. But is there anything, I mean, other than, obviously, the number of accidents that occurred in the first quarter that would, any of these positive things, that would necessarily dissipate throughout the year in terms of the higher APU and NSF and certain type products, market share, et cetera? It seems like there's a lot of momentum behind those various drivers.
John Quinn: Yes. Well, certainly we do expect more certified part center program during the year. But the risk that we see, the major risk are oil prices and they return to 2008 driving habits of miles driven. We did get a report on fuel purchases by gallons. But it actually did show a decline in April. So that's the first sign of a -- or equally would likely be a drop in miles driven for April, that's not reported yet, but certainly gallons purchased down. We don't see, obviously, the comps of the cash reflectors going forward past Q2. Where we would reap the benefits of the strong same-store sales growth.  And I did mention, of course, the extra day that we do know and do we not get in future quarters we're actually losing Q4. And just one final anecdotal story, I did talk to one carrier just yesterday, the top-five carrier did say their frequency has dropped in April a bit. But they did know if it was because of miles driven or because we're seeing a return to '08 of people increasing their deductibles or dropping insurance coverage. But they did notice a small dip in frequency already. So there are some headwinds here. Certainly, but the challenges you have met, you mentioned, though, Nate, I think are important, the price initiatives that we're doing. The alternative parts increasing. We don't give guidance on that until the end of the year when we get that from the estimating companies, but we think we're well prepared to -- certainly, any of those headwinds we have enough tailwinds behind us with the insurance company demand and the robust inventories.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Fair enough. So you alluded earlier when you were talking about kind of the acquisition pipeline and building out some areas, building out the amount of square footage, particularly, for the aftermarket space, et cetera. I also know, obviously, you guys have been in a little bit of a consolidation mode and were trying to co-locate some of the facilities. Just kind of wondering where you stand in terms of, obviously, as you build out, you need more space, kind of where you feel with that from a capital expenditure plan?
Joseph Boutross: Sure. Our CapEx is running higher this year than it has, historically. I can't say that a huge amount of that is related to warehouse expansions and new facilities. They are oriented toward combining operations. It’s like more the CapEx this year is really, quite frankly, it's just outgrown some of our LKQ salvage operations where we really not put a lot of money into them over the last 10 or 12 years, and several ERs in Florida we've invested no capital in the decade. And so we are encouraged with pretty significant capital outlays in those markets. There's no tsunami in capital, honestly, because of putting the facilities together. It will probably kind of 3 to 4 years where we will be looking for opportunities to merge our operations and, certainly, well within the capital costs that you're seeing this year and a half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Thanks for taking my questions as well, most of them have been asked. But I wanted to ask about APU and the impact of CAPA and NSF as they compete. Is there any way to quantify the number of SKUs that are now available versus, let's say, a year ago?
John Quinn: NSF is really all new throughout the year and they've got about 350 parts certified.
Robert Wagman: They have 350 parts certified, correct, John, with about 500 in the pipeline.
John Quinn: CAPA has been relatively stable I think. It started off we had some parts have dropped off as model years age and it's just not worth pursuing them for certification. So it's been more or less constant. Although, they have indicated that they are going to expand to include at some additional rebars and some other parts that they've previously have not included in their agreements.
Robert Wagman: We certainly believe, Craig, that the spirit of competition is starting to kick in between those 2 organizations. One other thing I do want to add is that our part count AQRP is up as well, our quality assurance program, rapidly approaching 9,000 separate SKUs. So combined, when you look at all 3 together, as John mentioned, NSF is 100% new, AQRP is up 10% in the range of 10% and in capital we'll start to see some increasing as well.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just to follow up on that, what really matters right is the incremental growth in the whole pie. I mean if NSF is only certifying parts that other organizations have already certified, that wouldn't necessarily provide an incremental benefit, isn't that fair to say?
Robert Wagman: It's very fair to say. And we work closely with NSF, guiding them, giving them suggested parts to certify. So there isn't duplicative efforts.
John Quinn: All of those NSF parts are new and this much CAPA has not previously done any of those.
Robert Wagman: 100% brand new SKUs in the system.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Finally, what was the basis with CAPA number? How many parts a day roughly certifying today?
Robert Wagman: 3,800 and as John mentioned, some dropped off and they add some. In the last couple of years, it's gone up. It was in the 3,200 range couple of years ago. So they are increasing.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And second question has to do with just the cyclicality, if there's any in the business. If you look back to 1991, there was a recession then. And looking at data we've seen, the number of repair hours dropped at that time, maybe as consumers got a little concerned about any discretionary spending on repairs. Do you see any cyclicality this time around? And if we see an economic recovery might you benefit?
John Quinn: I think what you're seeing to some extent, is the -- if miles driven continue to expand, then you're going to see the number of accidents absolute number increase or accident frequency increase. I think in terms of age, we're still seeing the age of the fleet in the country increasing slightly, which helps us in one respect in so much is that it drives people to use alternative products more to repair those vehicles, and it improves mechanical sales. It does mean though  more cars totaled when they do get an accident.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then last question is just regarding margin and maybe the long-term opportunity there. Joe, you guys have made a number of significant acquisitions recently. And I'm wondering whether that changes your longer-term outlook for margin given maybe a different profile in some of those businesses. Where do you think margin can be, 3 or 4 years' time?
Joseph Boutross: I have to answer that in the context of just the existing business. I don't think we have enough clarity as exactly what deals we'll be adding into the business. And we've said for a number of years that we feel something around 50, 60 basis point expansion of the operating income margin line is achievable. I think we have averaged that over the last 5 years, which even included absorbing $800 million of keystone work that was several hundred basis points under the traditional LKQ. Craig, I'd stick with number. I think there's enough room in our operations. We continue to add more product into the warehouses, put more product on the trucks. There's a very significant improvement in our, what we call our S dog. But if you look at our operating expenses and how much margin we've picked up between the gross margin and the operating income margin line in the quarter, it's powerful. And I don't see any change from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: First, just a point of clarification. John, you referenced on your EPS guidance, the $1.33 to $1.42, that's assuming $0.39 for the first quarter?
John Quinn: Yes.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Got it. And, obviously, organic growth was very strong in both recycled and the aftermarket segment. It also sounds like pricing is up. Can you guys give us some idea how much of your organic growth was kind of units versus what was the pricing impact even if its in kind of general terms?
John Quinn: I don't know if we can give specific comments with respect to pricing. I think on the aftermarket side, we're looking at somewhere between 1.5% to 2% OE increases in pricing. And we generally follow their -- they become a benchmark for us, so to speak. But it's much very difficult to measure price per se on the recycle side. I don't think we can give you an accurate number there. What we can say is, that we do see things like prices that we're charging per cores and that sort of thing. We're starting to see some of those numbers coming through the income statement, which is why we're feeling a little bit more confident in terms of talking about some of those initiatives.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. But the bulk of the organic growth then was unit-related rather than pricing-related?
John Quinn: I think that's fair.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then, I guess my last question is and this is just kind of a what if scenario. You guys in 2008, a couple of times on this call, and we went from an environment where we had very high commodity prices, rising scrap steel, as well as kind of price vehicles. And then we had demand destruction, obviously, towards the late '08 everything kind of collapsed on itself. If we were to go through a similar scenario whether it's this year or next year, et cetera, as what we saw in '08, would your playbook be any different? Or are there significant differences between your business today in '08? Or is it we're just kind of subject to the whims of the market if we were to have a similar scenario?
Joseph Boutross: Well, I guess I would offer the 2008 being really was our kind of a tsunami sort of the event. And within -- I've looked at it for a while. I think it was within about a 75-day period, we saw a century-high level on scrap and a century-low level in scrap. Around Thanksgiving, one of our managers in Texas called and we were having discussions on scrap prices. And he said, "Joe, you don't understand. They won't take it for free. They just don't want it." And the markets where frozen and it was locked up. No one was buying scrap at any price.  Now I guess the answer is, if we had an event where the scrap markets froze up, and there was 0 demand for crush car bodies, yes, we would be in exactly the same position we were in 2008. We have no hedge in place for any events like that, none of our competitors do. So if we saw a repeat of that event, yes, we would have rotten quarter. There's no doubt about it. You pull up business which compared to 2008 vehicle business is probably, I don't know, 15% to 20% of our business. And it's arguably turned a lot. We have a significantly diversified our business space since 2008 with additional product lines and our aftermarket business, the addition of the remand building up our real business. So I think that is probably the protection that I would offer out to our shareholders, it would be a kind of 60-day events and impact. A pretty modest portion of the business at this point.
John Quinn: I think the other thing, I’ll just add, even through the entire recession, we grew and reported pretty increasing every, year increasing numbers and top line right through the recession. And at the end of – when some of the other people in the midst of it were shirking, we double down on our inventory a little bit, and said this is an opportunity for us. So I don't know that we would change our playbook, particularly. As Joe says, we have got some steel that we have sitting on the ground that we turn every 60 to 90 days. So if the price is rise, like they did this quarter and we get a little bit of benefit, and if they call, they fall, we take it for a quarter. But that it doesn't really change the fundamentals of business from our perspective.
Joseph Boutross: Good point. When we came out of that, you're right, we did. And that's probably our inventory. We've moved to build out our infrastructure more and, quite frankly, took advantage of the strong balance sheet that the company had, and we will do that again, absolutely.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: That's helpful.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Could you guys just maybe touch on your recently announced government sales program and how you envision that evolving in 2011 and beyond?
Robert Wagman: Yes, Scott. We formed the team that is now going after municipalities at the local, state and federal level. It's in its infancy stage, for sure. But we've made some nice progress landing some deals. They are, obviously, under extreme pressure to cut costs out of their budgets. And we would expect to really expand this program in the coming quarters. And so far, we're off to something seeing very initial positive meetings. They are very receptive to speaking to us. And we're pushing all of our lines, not only to salvage and aftermarket but also our remand because they do use a lot of engines in the repair process. So it's a great opportunity before us and we will drive that hard in the coming quarters.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And as far as impact, we shouldn't expect much of anything?
Robert Wagman: No. I certainly wouldn't model anything for the upcoming quarters. As this gets momentum, we'll certainly report on it. But for now, it's still in its infancy stages.
Joseph Boutross: Well, thank you for joining us. And in fairness to other companies I know that a lot you have a busy calendar today. So we're going to call it a call. Thanks for your continued interest in LKQ, and we look forward to reporting to you on our second quarter operations, most likely the last Thursday in July. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Quinn - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Holsten - Vice Chairman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Robert Wagman - Co-Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to LKQ Corp.'s Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. John Quinn, Executive Vice President and CFO.
John Quinn: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter 2010 financial results and provided our guidance for 2011. Before we get into the call details, I'll just take a moment to reiterate a few of the major changes here at the company.  In December, we announced that Joe Holsten has been elected Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors and was appointed Co-Chief Executive Officer. Joe, who has led the company since 1998, has indicated his intention to resign as an officer of the company at year end. However, we will be a fortunate to have him as a consultant for a further five years, and he intends to continue his role on our Board of Directors. We also announced that Robert Wagman has been promoted to a position of President and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Rob has been with the company since 1998 in a number of increasingly responsible roles, most recently as our Senior VP of Operations running the Wholesale division. In additions to the announcements regarding Joe and Rob, in June last year we disclosed that Frank Erlain, our Vice President and Controller will be retiring this quarter. On behalf of the company, as well as personally, I wanted to thank Frank for his efforts over the past 13 years, and I am also pleased to announce that Michael Clarke will be appointed as Frank's successor. Michael is currently our Assistant Controller and has been with the company since 2008, so he's a natural fit for the position. Both Joe and Rob are here today and each of us has prepared remarks and then we will open up the call for questions. In addition to the telephone access for today's call, we're providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. Both forms will have replays available shortly after conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I'd like to remind everyone that the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.  We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to return the call over to Mr. Robert Wagman.
Robert Wagman: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with the results we reported this morning with both a strong fourth quarter and full year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in Q4 was $0.28, an increase of 12% as compared to $0.25 for the fourth quarter of 2009. However, excluding a gain on bargain purchase and restructuring expenses, Q4 2009 earnings would have been $0.23 resulting in an adjusted year-over-year increase of 22%. Revenue reached a record of $674 million in the quarter, an increase of 21% as compared to Q4 last year. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 10.4%, which reflects increased part sales and higher commodity prices. For the full year, our EPS from continuing operations was $1.15, up significantly from $0.88 in 2009 or $0.86 when adjusted for the items I just mentioned. This morning, we also issued our guidance for the full year of 2011. We expect that revenue from parts and services will grow organically in 2011 at a rate of 6% to 8%, which is in line with 2010 actuals. Based on current conditions and excluding restructuring expenses and any gains or losses related to acquisitions or the divestitures, we anticipate full year 2011 income from continuing operations will be in the range of $194 million to $208 million. And diluted earnings per share from continuing operations will be in the range of $1.31 to $1.39. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2011 is projected to be approximately $195 million. We estimate capital expenditures related to property and equipment will be between $85 million to $95 million. The latest data available to us indicates that collision repair shops continue to increase their use of alternative parts when repairing vehicles and that the alternative part usage rate increased to 37% in 2010. This indicates a continued commitment by insurers and their DRP networks to work at holding down claims cost with the use of alternative quality replacement parts. As mentioned in past quarters, NSF, the administrator of our AQRP program, and a nationally recognized standards and certification firm, previously announced a new automotive aftermarket collision parts certification program. NSF's efforts should expand the universe of certified aftermarket parts and part types, and reinforce the use of aftermarket parts in the collision repair industry. To date, NSF has certified over 300 unique parts. Alternative part availability should increase as these newly certified parts eventually work their way through the manufacturing process and ultimately, into the estimating systems and our inventories. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Transportation reported that November 2010 miles driven were up 1.1% from November of 2009, which should lead to increased demand for our range of products. Demand for LKQ's wholesale parts remained strong during the quarter. Our fourth quarter organic revenue from the sale of all parts and services increased 7%. For the full year, we finished at an organic growth rate of 6.6% which was in the target range we set at the beginning of the year. Turning now to aftermarket refurbished revenue. Aftermarket refurbished revenue increased 16.8% for the quarter, with an organic growth rate of 7.7%. This healthy growth rate can be partially attributed to be the availability of more certified parts entering the system, as well as the maintenance of a generally robust inventory levels. In our wholesale recycled division, organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was up 6.1% for the quarter. Availability of salvage inventory has been good and we continued to put more recycled inventory on our shelves to sell, but the prices we had to pay continue to be above the historical average. During the fourth quarter, we purchased over 49,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 22% increase over Q4 2009. However, the 2009 total includes about 5,500 Cash for Clunker cars, which yielded a lower revenue per car than our typical late model salvage vehicle. As for volumes at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good, starting out in 2011. With inventory already on hand, and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory to grow our recycled parts operations. We continue to be focused on the improvement of parts pricing to offset the downward pressure from high auction prices on our gross margin. We are moving towards managing our pricing on a national basis, as well as creating pricing specialist for our different product types. In addition, we are implementing better disciplines for mechanical, part, core charges and recovery. We are seeing some initial promising results from both of these initiatives. I'd like to turn the call over to Joe to talk about other aspect of our business and our most recent acquisitions.
Joseph Holsten: Thanks, Rob. Turning to our Self Service retail operations, during the fourth quarter, we purchased roughly 77,000 lower cost self-service and crush only cars. The pricing dynamics within the Self Service business were generally favorable to the company throughout the fourth quarter. However, we've recently seen car costs rise above the Q4 levels and at a faster pace than ferrous scrap metal pricing. Similar to our late model business, we continued to see car opportunities that are self-serve operations to increase our price points. Shifting to our Heavy Duty Truck operations. We purchased roughly 1,200 units for resale or parts during the quarter. We remain focused on expanding our network, as well as rounding out our marketing and sales training in this area. In addition, we're bringing all of our heavy truck operations under a single IT platform, along with the development of another change to facilitate parts identification between operations. Recently, we have been encouraged by a pickup in activity in our export markets. We enjoyed another robust quarter for acquisitions with a total of eight deals. These included a Wholesale Recycled Product business in Arkansas, and a Self Service business with two facilities in Southern California. These are in addition to the previously announced acquisitions of Cross Canada, a leading Canadian aftermarket price distributor, and PROFormance Power Train, an engine remanufacturing business in addition to four other APU businesses. 2011 has also started off on a strong note, with the acquisition of four additional companies, including ATK Vege, an engine remanufacturing business headquartered in Texas. Additionally, an aftermarket distributor of heating and cooling products located in the Midwest, a heavy duty truck Recycling business located in Texas, and a Recycled Parts business in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Combined, the acquisitions of ATK and PROFormance provide LKQ with a significant foothold in the engine remanufacturing market. And we believe provides some key competitive advantages in regards to the pull of cores from our recycled parts facilities, as well as our ability to predict future demand to build the right products to meet that demand. The trailing annual revenue for the eight Q4 acquisitions and the four acquisitions already closed in 2011, comes to just under $240 million, and is included in our 2011 guidance. Through our own internal development efforts, we opened a new tire recycling facility in Tampa, Florida, during the quarter. This is part of a continued expansion strategy. This product offering resulting from our 2010 acquisition of a Tire Recycling business. In addition, we currently have several self-service recycling facilities under development, which we expect to open later this year.  And at this time, I'd like to ask John Quinn to provide some more detail on the financial results of the quarter.
John Quinn: Thanks, Joe. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K, which we filed with the SEC earlier today. And as normal, we're planning to file our 10-K in the next few days. Rob has already given you a breakdown of the year-over-year revenue changes, so I'll just supplement what he said with a few other data points. For Q4, our total organic revenue growth was 10.4% and we had an additional growth of 10.7% from acquisitions. Rob mentioned that the fourth quarter organic growth for parts and services was 7%. Other revenue, which is where we recorded our scrap and commodity sales, was up 64.2%. Approximately 37% of this was organic growth as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis and because we had higher volumes of scrap and cores, and 27% of the increase was a result of acquisitions. In Q4 2010 revenue for our Self Service business was $56 million or 8.3% of LKQ's total revenue. Approximately 32% of this revenue is part sales and included in the recycled and related products, and 68% was scrap and core sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven by the 20 deals we did last year, with Q4 being particularly impacted by the previously announced acquisitions of Cross Canada, a cooling products company called SPI and Heartland Aluminum. You'll recall that the Greenleaf transaction rolled off at the end of Q3 as this was completed in October 2009. Joe mentioned that the trailing revenue of the acquisitions completed in Q4 2010 and thus far in 2011 was $240 million. A little over $20 million of that revenue is already in the 2010 numbers and some of that will end up being eliminated on consolidation. So I'd expect the impact for 2011 from these acquisitions will be in the $200 million to $220 million range. Gross margin for the fourth quarter 2010 was 42.7%, which was down 280 basis points from 45.5% in the same period of 2009. Similar to last quarter, this decline was primarily related to the higher costs incurred acquiring salvage vehicles at auction and in the self-service line of business. One comment on the sequential margins. When we announced some of the Q3 acquisitions last September, we mentioned that the margins in the scrap aluminum sales associated with the Heartland Aluminum acquisition would be at the lower than normal margin. We've seen that impact in Q4. Our margin declined sequentially from 43% in Q3 2010 to the 42.7% we saw in Q4. The main driver of that decline was the impact of the Heartland revenue, and without that deal, we would've had comparable sequential margins. While our gross margin percentage is down year-over-year, we did see some offsetting improvements in each of our facility and warehouse, distribution and SG&A expenses. In total, these three items fell from 33% of revenue to 30.3%, more than offsetting the gross margin decline. Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased $7.9 million or 14.1%, as compared to the same quarter of 2009. Approximately $6 million of the growth was related to business acquisitions. Facility and warehouse expenses as a percent of revenue for the quarter showed an improvement to 9.5% from 10.1% last year. Distribution expenses for the quarter increased $9.3 million or 18.8% from Q4 2009, with $4 million of that growth related to business acquisitions. The remaining growths, primarily: Fuel of $1.4 million; labor of $1.1 million; $2.3 million of volume-related items such as freight and truck rentals. As a percent of revenue, distribution cost showed 20 basis point improvement to 8.7%. Selling, general and administrative expenses grew $3.8 million or 4.8% over the fourth quarter of 2009, with $5 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. We also had higher labor costs to support the increased business of about $1.7 million, offset by lower legal and claims costs of $1.5 million and other expenses of $1.4 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A expenses were 12.1% in Q4 2010 compared to 14% in the same period of 2009. Our operating income was $73.1 million in Q4 2010 compared to $59.7 million in Q4 last year, an improvement of $13.4 million or 22%. Net interest expense is $6.7 million with $1.1 million better than the fourth quarter of last year, primarily due to lower borrowing cost. Our effective borrowing rate was 4.53% in Q4 2010 compared to 5.02% in Q4 2009. I think Rob has gone over these numbers. Last year, in Q4, our income from continuing operations included a $4.3 million or $0.02 per share pre- and after-tax gain on bargain purchase price. Excluding the $4.3 million gain, last year's Q4 income from continuing operations was $32.2 million. In Q4 2010, our income from continuing operations was $41.3 million, an improvement of 28% excluding the gain on bargain purchase last year. On a reported basis, diluted EPS from continuing operations for the quarter was $0.28 in 2010 compared to $0.25 in 2009, an improvement of 12%. Excluding the $0.02 gain in last year's numbers for the bargain purchase price, improvement was $0.05 or 22%. Cash flow from operations for the year was $159 million compared to $164 million in 2009. Although we beat our original guidance for the year for net income, we ended up with higher investments in inventory than we had anticipated, particularly in Q4. Excluding inventory from acquired businesses, during 2010 we increased inventories by $68 million including the $24 million investment in Q4. Last quarter, we mentioned that we intended to accelerate our normal seasonal build, which we did. In fact, we built a little higher than we had planned at that time and hence the inventory increase. This inventory build combined with the inventories acquired from the acquisitions, left us in good shape as we entered our busy winter season. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $24.5 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $61 million. We underspent our Q3 guidance by a few million mainly due to the timing of some of the bigger projects. Rob mentioned our CapEx guidance of $85 million to $95 million for 2011 capital expenditures. This figure includes some carryover from 2010 but we're also budgeting for the additional Greenfield projects that Joe mentioned. Approximately 25% of this capital spending is for replacement items, with the balance being used to support our growth. During the quarter, we spent $73 million in cash on acquisitions, bringing the full year total to $144 million. In addition, we issued 690,000 shares valued at $14.9 million in conjunction with acquisitions. Total acquisition considerations for the year was $170 million. During the quarter, we issued 985,000 shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in $10.9 million of cash including related tax benefits. Debt at the end of the quarter was $601 million, including $590 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $96 million at quarter end.  Today, we have no draw on our $100 million revolving credit facility and approximately $27 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by the facility leaving $73 million availability for future borrowings. As Rob mentioned, we believe the business performed very much in line with our expectations in Q4. But before I turn the call back to Joe, I think it's worthwhile just to summarize a few of the financial highlights for the year. We saw revenue up 21%, approaching $2.5 billion revenue mark after hitting the $2 billion milestone only a year earlier. Our EBITDA grew from $274 million to $340 million, a 24% increase. And we saw operating income margins improve 80 basis points to 12.1%. And our operating income increased from $231 million to $298 million, a 29% improvement. We've exited 2010 with our inventories in good shape. Almost $100 million of available cash and our leverage ratio is continuing to show meaningful improvement. Leaving us with the flexibility to continue our growth in 2011. And with that, I'll turn it back to Joe.
Joseph Holsten: Okay. Thank you. Let me share some closing thoughts before we go to Q&A. Like John and Rob, I am also pleased with the progress that we've made in Q4 as well as in all of 2010. And I believe the company is well-positioned to continue our growth in 2011. Similar to the way I closed this call one year ago, I've continued to believe that the current U.S. economic recovery will be slow with weak to moderate economic growth for the near future. Our results this quarter continue to demonstrate that LKQ is able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth even in the current overall economic environment of low growth and high unemployment. We delivered good organic growth in all of our product areas by building strategic partnerships with the collision repair industry, and offering quality alternative parts. We also realized growth from the successful integration of previous acquisitions. A pipeline of acquisition candidates remain strong, and completing additional transactions will help support our future growth by increasing our presence in both new geographical and underserved markets and by broadening the product lines we sell. Our recycled parts inventory is currently deep. We were able to generate strong results last quarter despite continuing higher procurement costs. I expect car costs will remain at higher levels and the overall fleet page will likely increase again in 2011 as a result of only a modest improvement in new car sales. Our company remains well-positioned with good product lines that provides value to our customers in a difficult economic environment. And our strong balance sheet should allow us to capitalize on the many growth opportunities that we anticipate for LKQ. That concludes our prepared remarks, we'd like to go to Q&A at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: First one, what are the primary drivers would you say of the higher pricing at the auctions? I mean, is it supply or is it just used vehicle pricing? How would you characterize that?
Joseph Holsten: I think I would characterize that predominantly from used car pricing. The Manheim Index continues to hit new all-time highs right up to last month. And John has kind of done some correlation work himself, and probably the strongest predictor that we can lay out in terms of salvage auction pool prices is purely what we've seen in used car pricing. The quantity and volume of product is pretty robust.
John Quinn: It's on the self-service side, John. The prices there also correlated with scrap pricing because those vehicles are being bought mainly for the scrap. And so they tend to go up higher correlation on the lower-priced vehicles with the scrap. But at the auctions, we believe it’s mostly the used car purchases.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And in terms of your acquisition priorities in 2011, are you guys still looking for four more truck facilities?
Joseph Holsten: Yes, I think a good pace for us is kind of one every other quarter. And then just to be opportunistic, I assume, there will be another one dropped down. In fact, I would expect that we'll probably close three heavy truck transactions in 2011.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And the final question, in the latest Mitchell report, they kind of rehashed the Ford statement about the inferiority of non-OEM structural parts, but they're also kind of made mentioned that Ford was indicating that recycled OEM parts in general are inferior. Is this issue starting to heat up again? Or is this just kind of old news being rehashed?
Robert Wagman: John, this is Rob. I think its old news being rehashed here. We take it very seriously, of course, their allegations. We've done multiple crash testing on our parts. We continue to put new certified parts into the system, which we think is a benefit for everybody. And we will continue to test our products. As far as the used parts go, I think that's a little bit of a stretch because we're taking parts off of cars that were on the road. So if -- I don't think you can get a better tested product than the one that's been on the road before. So I just think it's an attack that they're going to use to protect their market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: First, when you look at the acquisitions and you've made a bunch of them here in the last, let's call it, four, five months, how should we think about the assimilation? One, the cost associated or dragged upfront with those? And then two, when we look out, what's your ability to then grow off of the base of these acquisitions? It's not just adding this as incremental revenue, but using it as a vertical to expand your business and touch points.
John Quinn: Sure. It's John speaking, Tony. There's a couple of dynamics with respect to the acquisitions. The Heartland Aluminum, I think we indicated that’s going to be our lower margin business. The reason we bought that was we really wanted the core to support the wheel growth business. We saw a lot of remanufactured or refurbished aluminum wheels. That's going to just grow organically with the business. I don't see it having a huge improvement in terms of synergies other than we were able to get the additional volume growth coming through that. The other acquisitions, they're going to take some time, honestly, to get -- in terms of executing the synergies. So they're going to come in probably with a little bit lower margin initially, but then we should be able to grow them organically, at the same rate as the rest of the business, frankly. That is the intention. Does that answer your question?
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: It does. I guess I just wanted to sort of touch on, then, when you look at sort of some of the newer verticals, engine remanufacturing, for one. It seems like you made a couple of acquisitions that give you a nice footprint. And maybe, can you talk a little bit about the nuances of that business? And sort of what that brings to the table from a growth perspective down the road?
John Quinn: Yes, on the reman side, Tony, just to give you a little bit of background on the size of the markets. We believe the market size is about $1 billion, from reports we've seen, with about $750 million of that being in the non-OE, $250 million being with the OEs and under warranty. We have an additional capacity in our reman division for reman engine heads that is about a $400 million business. For us, we combined the two acquisitions we've done, plus what we sold in the year through our own network of brokering and huge selling that product, sold about 65,000 units in 2010 combined. We have the capacity to grow to 92,000 units, with additional shifts and no additional building. So we could ramp up capacity pretty quick. On the reman head side, we have capacity to 31,000 reman heads and we only produced half that much. So we are well-positioned to move quickly. And I want to stress those figures do not include the used part market. That is strictly the reman. As for the market opportunity, I mentioned a little bit about the $1 billion opportunity. 35% of that industry is controlled by the mom-and-pop machine shops and the other 40% is in the aftermarket, in the market we're playing in right now. So with the other 25% being the OE. But the biggest bang for the buck I think we get from this is with the production of all of our units and our full-serve locations, when we sell a unit, which is almost one for one, we sell as many engines as cars we dismantle, we're getting a core back and be able to feed that reman operation. So it's pretty powerful not only do we have the stock feed but we're taking cores out of the marketplace. And then secondly, because of our demand -- we're getting so many calls on this stuff -- we tend to notice pockets of problems well before other people may have that opportunity when we get a jumpstart on the reman opportunity. So it's allowed us to be very proactive in our base business.
Joseph Holsten: Just to add one other comment, Tony. A lot of the transactions here over the last five or six months in addition to the product line expansion, continue to represent geographical diversity for the company, which I always think is one of the strengths of our company is how diverse we are in terms of our business presence. Over the last five to six months, a number of our deals have really been oriented toward just new geographical expansion. The Norfolk, Virginia, transaction a couple of quarters back was a totally new market for us. The Cross Canada transaction got us somewhere around probably eight Canadian markets that we were not serving at all. And, of course, the Little Rock transaction recently is a market that we were serving but we were serving that market from about a four-hour distance. So it was not really very robust or responsive service. The geographical expansions have always been really nice deals for us, really into the sweet spot of the company because it helps us leverage our inventory and our distribution systems quite effectively and frequently working with the same insurance partners who we've been enjoying working relationships with for the last decade.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First off, could you talk a little bit more about your pricing initiatives? I know you've been beginning to disclose some of these thoughts the last quarter or two, the national standardization, the pricing specialists. At what point do we begin to see -- or is it measurable from a holistic standpoint -- what you're doing from a pricing standpoint? And how should we look at gross margins over the next few quarters?
Robert Wagman: Let me talk first, Sam, about what we're doing and I think it will be helpful if John can answer the other half of your question. But as far as the national pricing, this has really been facilitated by our operating system that now allows us to see across multiple regions instantly. So it's allowed us to go from regional pricing, where we had a regional pricing, multiple product lines across a computer screen in just a region. The new ability we have now with a product line specialist. So for example, a compressor, one person can change prices across the whole country, just making it much more effective and allowing us to get these price changes in much more quickly. The other thing that's important as we continue to grow our IT resources is the cross information going from our Aftermarket business to our Salvage business. They're sharing data readily that is also allowing us to make quicker moves. But I think the most important thing we've done is make a dedicated pricing department that is going to push through these changes much quicker – they’re looking at algorithms and different trends that allow us to make the pricing changes quicker. And the last thing I would mention to what we're doing on pricing that I think is pretty important, is our deviation progress. We monitor our sales reps from one [indiscernible] (00:55:36) off the reservation, so to speak, and getting too aggressive with the pricing thing, and we've been able to lock them down to that new computer system and have much more controls.
John Quinn: Obviously, I think Rob is primarily talking about the salvage operations. In the aftermarket, we tend to be more of a price taker there, with referencing the OE prices. We're seeing the OEs raising prices on our mix of products about probably 2.5% to 3% over the last year. In terms of margins, how we should think about margins, going forward, I'd start off by maybe just reminding everybody that in Q1 last year, we did have a little bit of a benefit from a rising commodity price environment. I think we talked about $0.02 a share that did come through. We're not going to be able repeat that, obviously, in Q1. Other things also, if you think about gross margin, the things that are driving that typically are changes in scrap prices. We're assuming on our guidance that scrap prices remain basically where they were in Q4. Since that time, we've seen a little uptick and a little downtick. We're probably back to roughly where we were. We don't really see much movement with respect to that and for the balance of this year, at least at this juncture. And salvage costs is the other thing than can drive margins. Right now, prices have been pretty stable, maybe a little bit of an uptick from Q4. But again, the guidance was built sort of on -- from the state of the auction prices that we saw in Q4. There's a little bit of a -- we talked a little bit about a mixed change because of the additional scrap revenue coming through and the acquisitions may be coming in a little bit later. And the pricing things that Rob is talking about, those things -- building that test and how the pricing can be impacted. It takes time, just to test it, and you see if it works, and go back and forth. So those kinds of improvements I wouldn't expect to see starting to come through until later in the year. But I was talking about gross margin in terms of operating income margin. You saw almost a 300 basis point improvement in our SG&A facility and distribution and warehousing costs year-over-year. Some of that is becoming about -- simply because of the same things that are driving our gross margin compression. The additional commodity sales has actually helped those margins because you don't really need a lot of extra warehousing or SG&A to run those sorts of things. So I think some of those things are also going to continue to improve to the extent that some of -- to the extent that we see higher commodity prices were going to see improvements in those margins. So net-net, hopefully, the operating income margin, it pans out favorably.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: With respect to aftermarket, the segment, in particular, you're going to have somewhat easier comparisons in 2011. And I'm guessing, also, the higher used car values are going to ultimately help out demand in that business. Should we factor in double-digit organic growth in aftermarket in 2011?
John Quinn: I don't know if we're going to get that granular with our guidance. Last year, our total organic growth came in a little bit under 7% for the combined. I think we saw our guidance this year at 68% organic growth. How much of that will come out, I guess if I had to bet I would say a little bit -- it's probably more on the aftermarket side than the salvage side. Hopefully, we kind of anniversaried the price increases that we saw at the auctions with respect to the salvage side.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Typically, you directionally talked about the early quarter cadence of demand and we've seen some pretty hellacious storms at least in January. What are you looking like from a demand standpoint early in '11?
Robert Wagman: You did nail the weather. We had quite a bit of closures from Texas to Boston. And it was in both January and February, actually. January we had closures from Atlanta up the East Coast. But in January, the numbers are in, the month was pretty much in line with our expectations despite those closings. So we're pretty pleased with January. As far as February goes, we have the Texas and up through the Midwest. A lot of closures there, as well. But while the numbers aren't in the books yet, we're trending well towards the later part of the month. So demand has been good and we've been able to meet that demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of and Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: First question really has to do with the broader collision repair market. Do you have a sense for where that market was and where it is today? And how much it's contracted? We know that APU was up and that you're taking share so some of those trends maybe masking a broader decline in the collision repair market. So I guess I'm wondering, is there some cyclicality that your success is masking?
Robert Wagman: Well, there's certainly a lot of -- the business's acquisitions in that industry. The DRPs are getting stronger and stronger. Craig, I just saw a report that the percentage of collision repair is going through DRP networks, the top 35%, which doesn't include GEICO or Progressive, so it's much higher than that, actually. I think we're seeing some of the mom-and-pops go away. But as far as actual collision activity, we do watch an annual report, and it’s been pretty steady. And certainly, the weather this year in January and February should provide them good opportunities into the spring. So a little bit more of a consolidation in history, but the industry begin seems to be holding its own, not too much of a decline.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then John, you made a point about G&A having some benefit from rising other revenue, which is not necessarily recurring because there's really no G&A associated with those revenue dollars. You still made a lot of progress on that line, is that something you think is more sustainable as you scale?
John Quinn: Yes, we are obviously, I think I've spoken in the past about nothing being revolutionary but more incremental in terms of some of the things we are trying to do. We are trying to consolidate our accounting into a shared services facility in Nashville, those sorts of things. Some of the technology that we're doing allowing cross-selling, those sorts of things. We would like to see some additional leverage coming out. I think in terms of the numbers in Q4 that we saw, in Q4 last year, we had a few unusual things, there's nothing really unusual in Q4 2010. So I think that's kind of a good jumping off point.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Are there additional, as you sort of layer in some of these costs for example, your pricing teams, that you talk about on the national scale, is there a cost to that that we need to factor in? Or is there just fundamentally in that asset?
John Quinn: I think it's relatively de minimis. Given the kind of revenue growth that we are forecasting with these acquisitions, I think the pricing teams are going to be around there, frankly.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then lastly, just at the gross margin level, obviously, you're seeing some pressure due to higher auction prices. But that tends to be a cyclical number as well. If we saw a drop in, let's say, the Manheim Index, would you expect that to start to flow through the gross margin?
John Quinn: Yes. I would think it would take some time -- it would take a few quarters to flow through the system. But I think we would see some improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess, my first question is -- I guess I'm trying to figure out a little bit better about the main benefit of national pricing. It's interesting to look at a lot of retailers, for example, a lot of those companies are trying to get more granular or localized in their pricing because it enables them to capture more margin in certain markets while potentially avoiding being less competitive in certain other markets. So I guess I understand that the desire to support your margins with -- call it, higher pricing, national pricing, whatever you want to call it, but could this actually work against you from a market share perspective?
Robert Wagman: I don't think so, Scot. The benefit here is -- you remember, we're just not selling a compressor, for example. There's multiple compressors depending on the make and model. And by getting product specialists, I think, we believe, that they'll be able to act much more quickly to trends in the industry as opposed to try and price across multiples spectrums, they can concentrate and drill down a lot easier to get to the right price. So I don't see any downside to doing this. I think it will be much more effective and it will allow us to monitor our pricing much more quickly and react quicker to any kind of change in the OE marketplace.
Joseph Holsten: Just a fine point, Scott, the work is going to be done nationally but that does not mean that regional pricing decisions would still not be encouraged in the company. So it's just bringing far more discipline to the process than what we've accomplished over the last number of years.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: My second question is really on the acquisition side. And just the simple law of larger numbers says that it gets harder and harder for acquisitive type companies to keep growing at the same rate as they had been if acquisitions have been a major source of their revenue growth, the way I think it has been with your company. So you've obviously been very aggressive over the last, let's call it, 12 months plus. At what point do you think it really starts to get more difficult to kind of maintain that acquisition pipeline to keep the same type of percentage growth, I guess, kind of coming in the door?
Joseph Holsten: I think we've got to continue to have significant amounts of blue sky and open runway. I think last year, we talked about having a couple of years we'd string together $200 million in transactions. Generally, I don't think the market thought that we would get that done and we're easily surpassing those numbers. And I'm convinced that we will quite comfortably put a couple of hundred million dollars of transactions on the board this year. In 2012, the issues of the capital gains taxes are going to be right back on everybody's face about a year from now. So I continue to think we have several years of open road with a good acquisition environment and things that create a lot of volume not just for our shareholders but quite frankly, for our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to do a follow-up, just a little bit more specific on -- Joe, in your opening comments you talked about how you're seeing the higher steel prices come through in terms of the other category. But that hasn't been quite enough to offset the higher prices that you were seeing at auctions that we saw through that profit margin compression that we already talked about a little bit. But could you talk about the spread a little bit more between those two? Was it truly that you didn't quite get the entire increase back on kind of the total net number?
Joseph Holsten: Yes. The fourth quarter of 2010, those is about as good as life gets to be in this business. Because as you've identified, managing the spread is really the critical factor. And throughout the fourth quarter of 2010, we were always in a situation where we were selling scrap for more money than we had anticipated, two to three months earlier when we actually bought the car, and I'm referring strictly to our U-PULL-IT, our Self Service business at this point. So that's about as good as life gets. As we moved into the first quarter, that relationship has evened out quite a bit. As a matter of fact, as we've moved into the February time frame, we've seen the actual cost for salvage for end-of-life vehicles is at the highest level that we've seen this year and right up through last week. At the same time, scrap pricing at least for now, appears to have peaked, probably in the first couple of weeks of January and has traded back down, I'll say, close to 10% for the numbers that we're looking at for March. So this is obviously nothing like the situation we confronted in 2008, when scrap prices were in free fall. This is a very manageable situation and business will do fine. But in terms of any sort of windfall, like we saw in the first quarter of 2010 or even a little bit in the fourth quarter, I wouldn’t expect that to reoccur in Q1 of this year.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: But the dramatic benefit, there wasn't much of a "dramatic benefit" than in the fourth quarter in terms of expecting the wild swing in gross margins just from that issue alone?
Joseph Holsten: Absolutely not.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then talking a little bit more from a higher strategic position, Joe. You talked about the acquisition pipeline remaining strong. And clearly, you guys have done a great job in 2010 and on the acquisition front. And they’ve been across a wide variety of different services. I was wondering if you could talk a little more specifically in terms of a little bit more refining in terms of these specific areas, in terms of whether it’s geographical coverage and the core business or whether it's more of the ancillary acquisitions surrounding that in terms of where the targets are?
Joseph Holsten: Well, the most interesting transaction for us has been and will continue to be an acquisition that's in our -- kind of our bread-and-butter, late-model, automotive parts. And that would represent either a geographical expansion of totally new markets for us or an extension into the market that we may serve. But I always use the word, underserved. A great example of that was the Denver market and we've built about a $3 million business in Denver. We were servicing the accounts from Topeka, Kansas. And we opened a facility in Denver in the middle of last year and what we'll see kind of a hyper growth in our Denver operations and probably, for a good five-year period. Same thing in Seattle, small acquisitions in Seattle. A market leader certainly from Portland, Oregon, but now with real estate -- we're investing in the facilities there in the first half of 2011. And again, we would expect to see hyper growth in our greater Seattle market. So that's the sweet spot of our transaction focus and it will continue to be because there are a significant number of markets that were underrepresented there or don't have a presence at all.
Robert Wagman: If I could just add one thing to Joe's comments, one of the things that allowed us to really survive the storms and all the shutdowns were the fact that we are so diverse, not in product lines but also in geographic locations. When some locations close, we were still able to just keep running in neighboring markets. So we'll continue to fill out the North American platform.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And I think the summary point there, is that there's still long way to go in terms of building out your underserved markets and still establishing some new beachheads in a few areas that you're still not there.
Joseph Holsten: We think so, too. Yes.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of John Lawrence with Morgan Keegan.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just real quick, Joe. Would you follow up a little bit with the auction price comment, and talk a little bit about -- obviously, the alternative channel has grown, I guess, to 37%, it’s just the largest increase we've seen in some time. Is a lot of that -- how much does that have to do with the breadth of product versus the number of players that are buying the product? Can you sort of separate that? And then a little bit about how has the mix changed with the fleet getting older to the types of parts you are buying? And back to that pricing question, is the tail or those incremental parts, do you still have the same spread that you had, say five years ago?
Joseph Holsten: I'll start with the auction environment question and then I'll ask Rob to respond to the balance of your question, John. Throughout 2010, each quarter, we were tending to see kind of year-over-year significant increases in the cost of salvage for our late model wholesale businesses. It would appear that into the fourth quarter of this year, when those year-on-year comparisons has evened out. As a matter of fact, if you look at the fourth quarter of 2010, our average cost of salvages for the wholesale operations actually dropped about three percentage points from where we were in Q3. So we'll see how Q1 unfolds, but at least at the moment we feel that we probably kind of topped out on the cost of salvage for cars. We have reoriented our thinking there a little bit to, I think, keep our focus more on the gross margin dollars, maybe as opposed to the gross margin percentages. Because at the end of the day, the real key to the business and the profitability for the company and our shareholders is really the gross margin dollars that we produce from each car that runs through our dismantling phase. And said differently, we'd rather deliver a $1,000 door than a 1,000 $100 doors.
Robert Wagman: As for the APU trends, John, you're right that we had a 200 basis point increase from '09 to '10. I think there's a couple of factors that's causing that. You're right, there are more aftermarket-certified programs that's certainly not hurting the availability of product and therefore, the use. There's still tremendous insurance company pressure to keep cost down. They're fighting for the same policyholder. There aren't more policyholders necessarily becoming available so it's getting quite competitive. Even though we are paying more for salvage, as we mentioned before, the auctions are robust and there is plenty of inventory available. One thing we don't talk a lot about, which is probably a good time to talk about and the effect of APU usage -- our reman division, when it comes to collision parts, head lamps, bumpers and wheels, our fill rates are up in that product as we buy more companies and have more access to products, we are filling more and more of those product lines. So that is also contributing to the APU increases that we're seeing. As for the age of the vehicle and the impact that you asked about, certainly as cars get older, the mechanical components become much more desirable. And to tie it into your pricing question, obviously, if demand gets stronger, we can obviously address that with pricing as necessary. As cars get older, less likely to sell sheet metal on those vehicles. People might be less likely to carry full coverage, but certainly the mechanical components offer a great opportunity for us.
Joseph Holsten: We'll call it a call and look forward to talking to all of you about 60 days from today to update you on our progress in the first quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn – Director, Investor Relations Joe Holsten – President and CEO John Quinn – Chief Financial Officer Rob Wagman – SVP, Operations, Wholesale Parts Division
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets John Lovallo – Merrill Lynch Nat Brochmann – William Blair Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James John Lawrence – Morgan, Keegan
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to LKQ’s third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Sarah Lewensohn. Thank you, Ms. Lewensohn. You may begin.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I -- today we announced our third quarter 2010 financial results. And with me today from LKQ Corporation are Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Quinn, Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Wagman, Senior VP of Operations, Wholesale Parts Division. Both Joe and John will provide some prepared remarks on our results and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to those who are listening by telephone, we’re providing an audiocast via the LKQ website and of course, both have replays available that will be accessible after the call. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to read the following. The statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions and strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. So please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on the potential risks. And with that, I’m happy to turn the call over to Mr. Joe Holsten.
Joe Holsten: Thanks, Sarah. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today. I’m very pleased with the results we reported this morning. We delivered a very strong third quarter. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.25, an increase of 19% as compared to $0.21 for the third quarter of 2009. Revenue reached an all time record of $608 million, an increase of 22.8% as compared to last year. And slightly more than half of the growth in fact 11.6% was organic growth and a result of increased recycled and aftermarket parts sales and higher commodity prices. I believe the results showed the strength of our business model in this environment, an environment when insurers are working to hold down claims costs and car owners and professional repairers want quality repair parts at lower than OE prices. The latest data indicates that collision shops continue to increase their use of alternative parts when repairing vehicles and that the alternative part usage rate, up 300 basis points during 2009, continues its climb to higher levels. There are other positive signs for our business. NSF, the administrator of our AQRP program and a nationally recognized standards and certification firm, announced a new automotive aftermarket collision parts certification program. In addition to the bumper components that they certified for diamond standard and reflection, they have added bumper absorbers produced by two other manufacturers to their list of certified parts. NSF’s efforts should expand the universe of certified aftermarket parts and part sites, and reinforce the use of aftermarket parts in the collision industry. On another front, the August miles driven figure was up 1.6%, the highest increase we have seen in the last five months. While reports on economic activity seem to foreshadow flat to minimal growth, a continuation of positive driving trends should support further demand for collision repairs and parts. Demand for LKQ’s wholesale parts was quite strong in the quarter. Our third quarter organic revenue from the sale of all parts and services increased 8.3%. Both aftermarket and recycled parts realized good growth. Aftermarket and refurbished revenue increased 13.2% with an organic growth rate of 8.5%. This was the fifth quarter in a row where organic revenue growth of aftermarket and refurbished parts has run 8% or better. Organic revenue growth of recycled parts and services was up 8%, in line with growth rates that we realized in 2009. We believe that the impact of the Cash for Clunkers program is behind us, and the aggressive car buying that we began earlier this year paid off and we were able to book more recycled inventory on our shelf to sell. During the third quarter, we purchased 49,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, which is a 6% increase over Q3 2009. But you should keep in mind, last year included about 15,000 Cash for Clunker cars. So the increase in higher value salvage product is much greater than 6%. The supply of vehicles was good during the quarter but the prices we had to pay continued to be at the high end of our historical averages. At the current volume at the auctions, the outlook for supply remains good for the balance of the year. And with a healthy backlog of vehicles waiting to be dismantled and a continuation of our current run rate for acquiring cars, we should have sufficient inventory for our recycled business. At the same time, we are focused on the improvement of pricing to help offset the downward pressure from high auction prices on gross margins. Turning to our Self Service Retail operations, during the quarter we purchased roughly 75,000 lower cost, self service and crush only cars. After nearly two years of fluctuation for what we pay for self service cars, prices are in line with what we are realizing on the crushed car bodies and margins have stabilized. I anticipate the global demand for scrap will remain relatively steady and the performance of our self service business should continue at its current level. Shifting to our Heavy-Duty Truck operations, we purchased approximately 1100 units for resale or parts during the quarter. While there were no acquisitions in heavy-duty trucks during the quarter, we remain focused on expanding the network. We are continuing to build out our marketing capabilities in this area and in addition to our focus to bring all heavy truck operations under the single IT platform. We are working on the development of another change to facilitate part identification between operations and we are introducing some of the basic sales training and tools under the heavy-duty operations that have served us well in the auto-sided business. This was a particularly productive quarter for acquisitions. Our acquisitions included an Alabama wholesale recycling operation near the Tennessee border that will serve the Huntsville and Birmingham, Alabama and Nashville, Tennessee markets, as well as a wholesale recycling operation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. These additional markets helped to expand our geographic footprint. We also purchased an aftermarket business that had operations in five markets, four of which will be merged into LKQ facilities and one we will merge into the sellers warehouse. We added two other businesses that support our efforts to broaden our product line beyond collision parts. They include an automotive paint distribution business in the Boston mass area and a wheel refinishing operation in Indiana. The latter, when combined with our existing wheel reconditioning business, makes LKQ the largest provider of refinished wheels in the United States. For the quarter, we acquired approximately $115 million of annualized revenue. Once integrated, we expect about 60% of that revenue to produce in line with the company’s historical margins. Similar to our existing Transwheel refinishing operation, the acquired wheel plant included a smelter business that operates lower margins and that revenue accounted for 40% of the acquired revenue and adversely impacts our gross margin. Through our own ground-up development efforts, we opened a new wholesale recycling facility in Denver in the third -- in the current quarter. We had been servicing this market by shipping recycled products from our Topeka, Kansas facility. Having dismantling capabilities and local inventory in Denver along with a strong aftermarket presence should create good product selling opportunities and improve our service level. We inevitably get a question or two on the status of our AQRP programs. We explained some quarters ago that we cannot speak to the status of specific customers who are in or not in the program, because we are bound by confidentiality agreements. However, we are comfortable representing that we have added new carriers to these service programs during 2010, and expect to continue to do so throughout 2011. Now, I’ll turn this over to John so he can provide more detail on the financial performance of the company.
John Quinn: Thank you, Joe, and good morning. Hopefully, everyone has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC early today, and as normal, we’re planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. As Joe mentioned, we believe the business performed very much like expected in Q3. Our revenue for the third quarter increased approximately $113 million to $608 million, compared to $495 million for the same period last year, an increase of 23%. For Q3, our organic revenue growth was 11.6% and we had an additional growth of 11% from acquisitions. We had a small favorable foreign exchange impact of 0.2%. Organic growth of our parts and services revenue was 8.3% and organic growth of other revenue, which is where we record our scrap commodity sales was up 37.2% as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis. For Q3 2010, our same-store sales growth for aftermarket and refurbished parts was 8.5%, while our growth rate for recycled parts was 8% and our year-to-date growth rates for same-store sales for aftermarket and refurbished parts was 8.4%, recycled parts was 3.6%. So the total same-store sales growth rate for parts sales overall was 6.5% year-to-date. You’ll notice our growth rate is now within our annual guidance range of 6% to 8%. We attribute the reasons for growth rate picking up this quarter to the things we’ve been discussing during the last two quarters. Our inventories at the end of Q2 were in much better shape than in Q1 and we got through the Cash for Clunkers issues that were pulling down parts availability on the recycled side. In Q3 2010, revenue for our self service business was $54 million or 8.8% of LKQ’s total revenue. Approximately 35% of this revenue was parts sales included in recycled and related products, and 65% was scrap in core sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven primarily by the acquisition of Greenleaf. This transaction accounted for approximately half of the acquisition related revenue growth. But I’d remind everyone that because this acquisition is now over one year old, the revenue impact will not be shown as acquisition revenue in Q4. Gross margin for the third quarter of 2010 was 43%, which is down 250 basis points from 45.5% in the same period 2009. Last year we may have had a little benefit from the rising scrap environment. This decline is primarily related to higher costs incurred for acquiring salvage cars at auction. Margin percentage was also impacted by higher cost for self service cars and lower margin on the scrap aluminum sales. We’ve been talking for the past two quarters about the fact that we’re paying more for cars at auction and that would put some pressure on our gross margin percentage. We also said that we’re going to try to maintain gross margin dollars and we think the operations team did a really good job on that front. While our gross margin percentage is down on a year-over-year basis, we did see some offsetting improvements from our facility and warehouse, distribution and SG&A expenses. In total, these three items fell from 32.3% of revenue to 30.7%, offsetting much of the gross margin decline. Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased $8.7 million or 17.9% as compared to the same quarter of 2009. Approximately $4.8 million of the growth was related to business acquisition. Facility and warehouse expense as a percent of revenue for the quarter showed an improvement to 9.4% from 9.8% last year. Distribution expenses for the quarter increased $6.2 million or 13.5% from Q3 2009, with $2.9 in the growth related to business acquisitions. The remaining growth is primarily fuel and labor of $1 million fees and $2.6 million of volume related items such as freight and truck rentals, all of which were partially offset by an improvement of $1.4 million in our insurance and claims costs. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs showed a 70-basis-point improvement, up to 8.5%. Selling, general and administration expenses grew $11.8 million or 17.9% over third quarter 2009, with $2.9 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. We also had higher labor costs to support the increased business of about $6.8 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A expenses were 12.8% in Q3 2010, compared to 13.3% in the same period last year. Our operating income was $65 million in Q3 2010, compared to $56 million in Q3 last year, an improvement of $9 million or 16%. Net interest expense of $7.2 million was about $600,000 better than the third quarter last year due to lower average debt balances of $47 million. Our effective borrowing rates were 4.9% in both quarters. Income from continuing operations in Q3 was $35.9 million, a 19% increase, compared to $30.1 million in the prior year. As Joe mentioned, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.25 in 2010 compared to $0.21 in 2009, an improvement of 19%. Year-to-date through nine months, we’ve experienced strong cash flow from operations of $145 million, compared to $135 million in the same period last year. During the quarter, we used cash from operations to build inventories by a little over $19 million. I mentioned last quarter that we were rebuilding our recycled inventories after a low level in Q1, although some of the expenditures reflect a higher cost of salvage vehicles. We pulled up some of our normal seasonal bills ahead for the aftermarket business because we were concerned about shipping lanes would be tighter in Q4. During Q3, recycled inventories grew $11 million and aftermarket inventories grew by a further $8 million. These numbers exclude inventories acquired through acquisitions. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $16.1 million, bringing our year-to-date total to $37 million. During the quarter, we spent $57 million on acquisitions for $70 million year-to-date. During the quarter, we issued approximately 700,000 shares of stock related to exercise of stock options and that resulted in $7 million cash inflow, including tax related benefits. Debt at the end of the quarter was $597.5 million, including $589 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $168.7 million at the end of the quarter. As I mentioned in the past, we prepaid the final 2010 mandatory term loan payment. So we have no further scheduled term loan payments for the balance of the year. Today we have no draw on our $100 million revolving credit facility and approximately $20 million of letters of credit that are back stopped by the facility, leaving $80 million available for future borrowing. Combined with the cash balances and the fact that we prepaid the mandatory term loan payment for 2010, we believe we have adequate liquidity. During the quarter, we announced that we put two new (inaudible) hedges in place. The first swaps $250 million of floating to fixed debt from October 14th, this year through October 14, 2015. Including the margin of 225 basis points on our current facility, which could change in the future, the interest rate on this tranche is fixed at 3.81%. The second hedge is for a further $100 million and it doesn’t become effective until April 14, 2010 and has a term through the end of our current credit facility on October 12, 2013. Including the margin, this tranche is fixed at 3.34%. Now I’ll turn to guidance, which as always, excludes restructuring charges or gains and losses related to acquisitions and divestitures. As noted in our press release, we are again raising our guidance. We’re increasing our previous EPS from continuing operations estimate from $1.08 to $1.14 to revised estimate of $1.11 to $1.15. Accordingly, income from continuing operations is expected to increase from our previous $158 to $167 million to revised estimate of $162 to $168 million. Cash flow from operations is now expected to exceed $165 million and we’re updating our guidance for capital expenditures down to a range of $65 to $75 million, which is lower than the $85 to $95 million we previously expected. We still expect organic growth of 6% to 8% for the parts and services revenue for the year. The last two quarters, we laid out some potential headwinds and tailwinds that could impact us the rest of the year. And I thought I’d give you an update on where we see those items today. On scrap prices, Q3 was fairly flat sequentially, which means we didn’t see much in the way of a gain or loss coming through the income statement being driven by scrap prices. At the moment, we don’t expect scrap to be a material driver to Q4 either. We’ve also been talking the last few quarters about salvage auction markets and the high prices we’ve seen there. We saw prices peak in May and then they’ve moved sideways or come down slowly a bit between then and now. So we don’t really see a lot of risk of another spike in these costs but at the same time, we are feeling the pressure on gross margins. We’re continuing to look at our pricing practices but these are going to take some time to evaluate and make changes where we can. And finally, we talked about potential pressure on the aftermarket margins as a result of freight increases. Those impacts have largely started to flow through the inventory. And again, we’re looking at our pricing to see where we can make improvements. So we don’t really see much risk on that front for the balance of the year either. With that, I’d like to turn it back to Joe.
Joe Holsten: Okay, John. Thanks. As I stated earlier, I’m very pleased with the third quarter and John has just shared with you the revised and increased guidance for the balance of 2010. Last quarter, I said I believed that recovery will be slow with weak to moderate economic growth for the near future. Our results this quarter demonstrate that even without the benefit of external economic drivers, LKQ was able to realize strong revenue and earnings growth. We had good organic growth in all of our product areas by building strategic partnerships with the collision repair industry and offering quality alternative parts. We also realized growth from the successful integration of previous acquisitions. There’s a strong pipeline of acquisition candidates that if closed will help support future growth by increasing our presence in underserved markets and by broadening the products that we sell. After recalibrating our salvage auction strategy earlier in the year and rebuilding the recycled parts inventory, we were able to generate strong results this quarter despite higher procurement costs. I expect car costs will remain at higher levels until the auto industry works its way back to equilibrium and a healthier market for new and used cars emerges. In the meantime, we will continue to focus on other ways to improve our gross margin, build partnerships that increase the acceptance of alternative parts and identify strategic opportunities that provide results for our shareholders. Kristine that concludes our initial remarks, so we’d like to open up for questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Hey, guys. How are you?
Joe Holsten: Hey. Good, Scot. How are you?
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Not too bad. Obviously, there’s a bunch of moving parts that impacted the gross margin but any way you can help us kind of quantify the different pieces in terms of what was kind of mix shift, what was the higher prices you were paying at auction, what was the shipping impact, et cetera?
John Quinn: Scot, its John Quinn speaking. The -- I think the number one driver is just the increased salvage prices at the auction going through that line of business. We also saw a little bit of compression in the self service because with higher prices, you tend to try to maintain gross margin dollars per vehicle. And then we had a little impact from the aluminum sales, a little smelter. In terms of the freight costs, we’ve been able to pretty well increase the pricing on that through the control of the discounts primarily.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: So should we think about, John, the salvage was at least half of the gross margin pressure?
John Quinn: Yeah.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, Joe, you talked about trying to change some of the pricing on the aftermarket and the recycled parts and you said it would take a little while. Can you kind of walk us through a little bit of that process and what an expectation would be, a reasonable expectation would be in terms of when you might be able to realize some pricing changes?
John Quinn: Sure. Let me just sort of break it down in a couple of pieces. One is the aftermarket and we’re, there’re always benchmarks if you will for a lot of the pricing. So we’re constantly taking a look to see what the OEs are doing. It looks like year-over-year on our mix the OE prices are up about 1%. We tend to follow that. And then, we also look into other things that we can do around those areas. If you think about what we consider as our low hanging fruit, implementing mandatory core charges, we raised wheel prices about $5 during the quarter, we’re seeing some pretty good acceptance on that, and I mentioned discounts with respect to what the sales folk’s discount of the list. So we’ve introduced some reports to track discounts for what down to the individual salespersons. In the longer term, particularly on the salvage side where it’s much more difficult. We’ve established passwords just to examine the way we look at pricing and they’re just getting kicked off, if you will, and they’re going to be making recommendations of what we can do differently. So it’s going to take some time, probably several quarters, before we figure out exactly how to attack some of this. But in the meantime, we’re just taking a look at easy things to do. For example, we have different price books around the country. So where products are very similar, we’re taking a look in comparing the price books around the country and just seeing if we can take things to the best-in-class if you will, look at the highest common denominator and try to challenge people if they can bring everything up a little bit.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot guys.
Joe Holsten: I’ll just add one thing to that. We’ve -- through the last 10 to 12 years, we’ve -- I have felt that we’ve had a pretty robust process to evaluate pricing on a regular basis. And in the last quarter, I asked John to lead an effort to do an assessment of the effectiveness of our process. And as you might anticipate, we weren’t as pleased with how our process was working as probably we thought we should be, process we believe could be far more robust than it is today and certainly much more disciplined. So John is leading that effort for the company and I imagine we’ll probably end up with a centralized desk where pricing is managed for the whole company kind of under one roof and one leader. So we’re working through that as quickly as we can and as thoughtfully as we can, as the last thing we want to do is chase any of our customers away because of ill-conceived pricing concepts. But we still look forward to sharing good improvements to come out of that process over the next several quarters.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Joe Holsten: Thanks, Scot.
John Quinn: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lovallo with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
John Lovallo – Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call.
Joe Holsten: Hi, John.
John Lovallo – Merrill Lynch: A couple questions here. One, I mean, it was certainly a strong quarter for acquisitions. How would you characterize kind of the multiples that are being paid now versus say a year ago?
Joe Holsten: Over this year I would say I’m highly encouraged by the acquisition market right now. I would characterize the market as the best deal market that we’ve seen in 12 years. And I would also tell you that it’s great to have a solid finance team behind us because the company is well positioned in terms of our cash availability and the liquidity of the company and the strength of our balance sheet to work aggressively and freely in what I think is a very lucrative market. I would not suggest that the multiples in the market have really changed at all over the last year. We continue to probably pay the smallest multiple for the self service operations because they don’t have quite as robust of growth characteristics as the late model yards. The aftermarket businesses receive kind of a medium multiplier, if you will, because they don’t really have the special permits and licenses and use permits that are necessary in the recycled parts business and we would continue to pay a slightly higher multiple on the late model recycled businesses.
John Lovallo – Merrill Lynch: That’s very helpful. And the last question here, the Cap -- your CapEx forecast has come down. What are the drivers behind that?
John Quinn: It’s primarily just timing in terms of some of the bigger projects that we had. Permits seem to always take a little bit longer than what the deal forecasted budget time. So I would say that some of this is going to be carryover into next year.
John Lovallo – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks very much guys.
John Quinn: Thank you.
Joe Holsten: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nat Brochmann with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Nat Brochmann – William Blair: Good morning, everyone. Great quarter.
Joe Holsten: Hi, Nat. Thank you.
Nat Brochmann – William Blair: Hey, I just wanted to talk a little about with the NSF now certifying more parts kind of maybe how many parts they’re up to and whether you think then ultimately that will help your discussions then with some of the insurance agencies in terms of ramping up their quality or their alternative parts usage figures?
Rob Wagman: Yeah, Nat. This is Rob. They have really just started putting parts in the process. The first process that they certify has to do with substandards and then start building parts to those standards. They are -- have added already 50 parts into the system, they just announced last week and there are many more in the pipeline. It’s an interesting comment about what it means to the insurance companies. We think it’s a very positive thing. There are several carriers that have a certification policy only, if they only write certified parts. So the addition of these part types into the marketplace, we think it’s going to provide an actual uptick in potential revenue, because with some of the issues that NSF started to address were parts that insurance companies never wrote. Only one of the top 10 carriers even wrote core supports and bumper rebar. So with the addition of these parts into the certified market, we actually expect some carriers to increase their usage because of that.
Nat Brochmann – William Blair: Very helpful. And do you think that they’ll be then even more aggressive over time in terms of ramping up the number of parts that they do certify?
Rob Wagman: Absolutely. Yeah. They’ve already told us in conjunction with our manufacturers that they want more parts into the program. And we think we’re going to see cap increase their reaction to this to stay competitive. So we think both certification bodies will add more parts into the industry.
Nat Brochmann – William Blair: Great. And then a question too about with some of the movement in terms of the convergence of co-locating some of the Keystone and LKQ facilities together, maybe a question for John. Are you seeing a little bit of cost in terms of just the transition there?
John Quinn: I don’t know that I could point to anything specifically with respect to costs associated with putting the facilities together. We talked overtime again this margin expansion through leveraging and that kind of thing. What I would share with you is that in the quarter, we did have some costs associated with the Nashville Accounting Center consolidation that we talked about previously. We’re bringing all of the accounting functions from our regional centers into a single shared services organization. We had some severance and other costs there for I think it was $0.5 million.
Nat Brochmann – William Blair: Great. Thank you very much.
John Quinn: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Good morning. So with the auctions getting back to that a little bit, if prices are expected to remain high and I think you said supply is better now, are we still seeing more competition in terms of buyers out there? Is that what’s supporting, what’s keeping prices high?
Joe Holsten: We believe the primary impact on higher pricing at the auctions is really kind of overflow from what’s happening in the used car market. And with the wholesale auctions availability of the used cars and the pricing of the used cars at all time highs, that’s forcing new buyers to look at the salvage options. We also believe that with the collision repair shops volumes being kind of flat in a number of markets, some of the repair shops are turning to rebuilding cars and that means that they’re also competitors at the salvage auction pools. But as we’ve moved into the fourth quarter, the volumes have seasonally come down a little bit. We normally expect that and compared to what we were seeing say 100 days ago, the volumes at the auctions are probably down about 5%. But at the same time, when we got into early October, I’m sorry, early September and it’s continued into October, the average price that we’re paying at the salvage auctions has also been moderating. And in the last seven weeks, I think we’ve been down a good 5% or 6% from where we were back at the beginning of Q3. So it does feel to us as though there’s some moderation in pricing starting to take place. The volumes at the auctions are certainly robust enough that there’s plenty of product. We are assessing ways for us to bid a lot more of the product at the auctions. I think historically we’ve bid a little over 40% of volumes at the auctions. We think there are some alternatives available for us if we can get our bid rates up to in excess of 50% of the vehicles at the auction. So we’re coming at this a number of different ways.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: So looking at your gross margin this quarter of 43%, I think that’s the lowest I can recall seeing. I mean, do you think that’s bottomed out or should we kind of be looking for, going forward a 43% type gross margin?
John Quinn: Yeah. I think we don’t specifically give margin guidance per se. But if you think about the things that impact our margin, scrap prices, rising environment, we pick up a little bit and in a falling we give a little bit back maybe. We think those are pretty stable at the moment. Joe just mentioned salvage costs. The costs that we were paying through the summer that inventory is probably flowing through Q3 and will continue to flow through Q4. So that’s relatively stable. Some of the cars that Joe mentioned today that we’re buying, we’ll start to part those out probably the end of November and start to see a few of those in this quarter but mostly, the balance of the purchases of this quarter will start to flow in Q1. And I think, I mentioned that the costs in terms of freight costs, they’re pretty well baked into our Q3 numbers. So pricing, barrowing any of those things change or getting something on pricing and we sometimes get a seasonal uptick in the winter because the shops are a little busier and we get a little bit better pricing on the mix and I think let’s say the state colder at the moment.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Just moving quickly then onto revenues from recycled parts. You had a nice rebound there. You mentioned that your inventories were higher and that helped. Was there anything else going on that might have contributed to the strong revenues? Is there anything going on on the demand side that might be pushing stronger revenues?
Rob Wagman: We do track that different trends that are hitting the industry and of course, we did talk about miles driven being up. Certainly, it was a positive impact. We did report in our Q4 announcement an increase of alternative part usage of 300 basis points from 2008 to 2009. We certainly think that the recycled part inventory, as we mentioned, it’s been a little bit more difficult to procure salvage. So I think that gave some runway for the aftermarket part of our business. It’s a nice fall back for us. Certainly, insurance companies have been and will continue to look to save the claims costs. They’re going to continue to push the envelope to get costs out of their claims experience. One of the things that we did talk about as well was the cross-selling of our reps, that’s fully been integrated now. All of our reps can sell both sides of our lines, opening up more opportunities. With our recent acquisitions this past quarter, every one of them has already converted to our operating system. So that process is well in place there. But clearly, I think the biggest reason for the organic growth on both sides of our business has been the strong inventory, beefing up the aftermarket inventory and then, as John mentioned, clearing out some of that Cash for Clunkers inventory with higher margin product that is now on the shelf and selling through.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Got it. Okay. And then finally, on your paint distribution business, two questions. I guess, first, just housekeeping, where -- which of your three revenue categories includes paint sales? And can you just kind of step back and tell us, what’s the value add that you provide or what’s your competitive advantage in paint distribution? It looks like you’re pursuing that business a little bit. I was wondering if you could just maybe talk about that a little bit?
John Quinn: Sure. Bill, we report paint sales in aftermarket.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay.
Rob Wagman: And as far as what the value add is, this is a product that we can put on our trucks. There’s no additional trucking capacity needed. It’s providing that one-stop shop concept to our customers that we’ve promoted over the last couple of years since we really came with the Keystone acquisition. So we are actively promoting customers basically a bundle package of all their alternative needs plus paint. So it’s really just been a nice add-on for the shops to be able to get delivery from one vendor across all lines.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. So you’re not really looking at it as a standalone business, but sort of more integrating it into everything else you’re offering?
Rob Wagman: Absolutely. Right. As we, yeah, one of the acquisitions we made last quarter was up in Boston. That’s fully integrated into our operations already, with the ability to cross-sell as well as combine deliveries.
Bill Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. All right. Thanks very much.
Joe Holsten: Thank you.
John Quinn: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Joe, you mentioned that OE prices generally are up about 1%. That might have been you, John. When does the OEM or when do the OEMs generally reset price and give you an opportunity maybe to take a little price on that level?
Joe Holsten: It’s really all the time, Craig, kind of like us, they’re in constant price revision mode and the reason, I guess, for us to track their pricing is a fairly detailed process. They don’t do 1% across the board price increases. There’ll be some parts that go up 35% and some go down 20%. So, unfortunately, we have to kind of monitor and track that part by part, but it’s throughout the year. There’s no and like the paint industry, typically they all bump prices in December or January. So you kind of set your clock by it but the manufacturers just constant.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you. And then, with respect to tax policy, clearly that has been a driver to the acquisition activity you’ve seen. Are you concerned at all, Joe, that an extension of the Bush tax cuts, as it were, would actually diminish some of those opportunities?
Joe Holsten: Not at all. I think the tax -- possible tax increases just a small part of why we see so much deal flow right now. Certainly, a few of the transactions that we’re working on, the sellers are pressing hard for a December 31st or early close. But I’ll tell you two other factors I think that are creating just as much activity as anything else. First is the number of smaller competitors who are finding a lack of access to the credit markets and even the ones who have credit facilities in place, they’re finding this time of year when they’re ready to stock up for the winter season and they’re contacting their bank to draw down their credit lines and the bank’s saying sure, we need to see you put it under $800,000 of your own equity in the business. And then, yeah, you bet you can pull down your credit line. And that’s -- we can count certainly several acquisitions that are kind of coming to us because of tight credit conditions. The other I can tell you kook probably sound silly but there’s kind of a new category that I term just kind of tired management and no succession plan. And, certainly, we have a few of those on the table where people are just -- it’s been a good life for them and they don’t have kids or if they do have kids, they’re not interested in being the “junk” business. And certainly, we’re seeing more than a few people at the table who are in that category. So I would anticipate 2011 will be just as robust as an acquisition deal year of 2010.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And lastly, any changes to fulfillment rates in either the recycled business or aftermarket business, given some of the trends there?
Joe Holsten: Yeah. There’s a very slight uptick in the aftermarket fill rates from third quarter of a year ago. I think it was a little -- it was less than 100 basis points but it was up. Then, as you probably recall on the recycled parts, we track kind of the inverse of the not in stocks. And I would say those are pretty much flat year over year. We’ve taken into account kind of the Clunkers. The Clunkers really hadn’t hit the inventory in Q3 of last year to a significant degree. So I would think those are relatively even year-to-year.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: If I may follow up, are you able to track some of the new SKUs certified by NSF to get an understanding as to whether the insurance industry is aware of these new SKUs and are training for it?
Rob Wagman: Absolutely. We can track by the part number, Craig, right down to who’s ordered it through our traceability program. So we have full capacity and edit desk is doing press releases as these things come out as well.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: So can you quantify at all the impact on organic growth and maybe revenue you wouldn’t have had without those parts?
Rob Wagman: Not -- the introduction of these things is so fresh, so no, not at this point. But we can track by part type the impact of any part type within our system.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Got it. Thanks and congratulations.
Joe Holsten: Thanks, Craig.
John Quinn: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Good morning, Joe. Good morning, John. How are you?
Joe Holsten: Hello, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I wanted to see if I could dive down a little bit more into the pricing initiatives that you have both on the aftermarket and the recycled side. Has the spread between aftermarket and OEM parts over the last year or two contracted at all? And if not, do you find maybe that your value proposition has gotten to the point where you might be able to contract a little bit of that spread and pick up some extra net pricing in this type of freight environment?
Rob Wagman: Yeah. The pressure -- the difference between the OE and the aftermarket is pretty consistent, the price range. We do price, obviously, in comparison to the OEs and as Joe mentioned, these things fluctuate all over the year. So we’re constantly reacting to those changes. But as far as the spread between the OE and the aftermarket, it’s been very healthy and continues to be very good for us to be able to price our parts and give an alternative to the collision repair industry.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: But wouldn’t it be to a point now where you might be able to -- because of your market positioning and your clear value proposition be able to maybe even take a little bit more in price instead of just match their changes on the aftermarket side, particularly with what you’re seeing on the freight costs side?
Rob Wagman: Well, we certainly push the envelope as hard as we can on getting the prices as close as the industry will accept it. There is a certain breaking point here a carrier may in fact go with an OE part instead of an aftermarket part. So we have to be cognizant of the fact that we can only go so close to OE before they become -- they don’t think it’s an advantage. So we continually push that envelope as hard as we can and monitor that by our sales and being able to react to pricing whether it be both increase or decrease as necessary.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: (Inaudible) question then. Why would it take a fair amount of time to get some additional pricing on the recycled side? Would it be contractual? Would it just be harder to ascertain what the competitive environment is? Why does it take a little bit longer on the recycled side to establish a little bit higher price?
John Quinn: It’s John speaking. One point is, we certainly have a benchmark price in terms of, for example, doors and assembly, right? There’s no OE equivalent of a door. And so, that’s a good thing and a bad thing. And one thing, and it doesn’t -- there’s no benchmark. On the other hand, there’s a variety of qualities as well, does something have parking lot dings or not? And so it’s not possible for us to just say every door is a door and there’s no unique SKU, if you will, that says all of these products are the same. So, and Joe mentioned that we’re going to be cautious not to do anything that’s going to scare customers away. But we try to understand why it is that one door sells for $700 and one door sells for $800. And why is it different across the country? And what is the elasticity associated with that? And to pull those little nuances apart takes time and then, if you try to do an experiment, if you will, and we’re going to raise prices 5% say, and what is the impact on it? You’ve got to do a large enough sample of a large enough product and then try to understand what the impact is. So it just takes time. Or when you’ve got an aftermarket product and you have a recycled headlight, an aftermarket headlight, a refurbished headlight or an OE headlight, they all have the same fit form function. They all perform exactly the same. They all fit and have the same interchange numbers. We know it’s more of a homogeneous product, so it’s easier to compare those things. It’s easier to do specific tracking, as Rob mentioned. It’s a little harder when you get into the aftermarket, excuse me, into the salvage side, because there’s each product could be a little bit unique, a little bit different.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: That’s very illustrative. Thank you. One last question, if I might, two years ago at the end of 2008, there began a stretch where there really became a dearth of leased vehicles. And I guess the average lease time is two, three years. So now coming off lease, there’s a real lack of vehicles. Is that on a net basis helpful, harmful? Does it have an affect on you guys? I would think it plays into used car values to a certain degree but how does that dynamic play into your business specifically?
Joe Holsten: Well, we do believe that that is one of the contributors to the lack of product at the used car wholesale auctions, which I indicated we believe that’s creating a spillover effect of people who would normally buy at those auctions also buying and competing at the salvage pool auctions. So, yeah, we think that has been a contributor to the shortage of used cars and the high used car pricing. I did see some speculation in the market that the used car pricing has finally reached to level it is likely to start pushing more new car sales, just because there’s so little difference between on some models now, there’s so little difference between used car pricing and new car pricing that it’s likely to be a little bit of a stimulant for new car sales.
Rob Wagman: And if I could just add one thing to that, the obviously, the benefit for us on the higher used car prices is it’s more difficult for insurance companies to total a car and therefore giving us more parts sales opportunities as well. So, while it hurts us, perhaps prevents the salvage from availability, it does provide a lot of sales opportunities.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Very good. How helpful. Thank you, gentlemen.
John Quinn: Thank you.
Joe Holsten: Thank you, Sam. I think we have time for one more here.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lawrence with Morgan, Keegan. Please proceed with your question.
John Lawrence – Morgan, Keegan: Good morning.
Joe Holsten: Hi, John.
John Lawrence – Morgan, Keegan: Just very quickly, Joe, most of my questions have been answered. But would you, just in your opinion, having looked at the industry for a long time and these parts certifications, what is the major factor, in your opinion now, for more and more carriers to continue? Is it more of these certifications? Is it fill rates? What continues to be the driving force for most of these insurance carriers?
Joe Holsten: I think it’s generally trying to remain competitive. We’ve talked about the financial returns for the insurance carriers over the last few years not being particularly robust. Last year, for the first time I think since World War II, there were actually fewer insured cars year-on-year. So there is a shrinking premium pool. And you’re not seeing at least, to my knowledge, you’re not seeing any consolidation in the auto insurance industry. So you have the same number of customers chasing a shrinking premium dollar pool right now and they have to be able to compete on costs. So personally I think it’s survival.
John Lawrence – Morgan, Keegan: And secondly, thanks for that, would you -- when you look at the acquisitions, John, there’s no change from what we’ve seen over the years. You still get the scale from combining the facilities. Anything in the model that’s different than there’s been over the last 10 years or so that would change the dynamics of an acquisition? And when you look at something like the wheel business, now that you’re the largest, do you get any scale in margin opportunities from a scale from that type of business?
John Quinn: Yeah. I think we mentioned when we did a mid-quarter press release with respect to the margin, the smelter business is very low. So in terms of what might be different, we were just cautioning people a little bit not to apply our normal margin to all of that revenue. In terms of the wheel, the reason we bought that business, it came with a big piece of revenue from the scrap aluminum sales. But the real reason we bought it was to get control of the cores because you can’t rebuild them if you don’t have them. And when we buy a truckload of wheels, for every 100 we may only get three to 10 wheels that we can rebuild. The rest we just scrap. So that was really the purpose of that transaction. We think that we will get some additional scale because of the probability of being able to fill will be higher. Because with, again, this is a product that demand exceeds supply if you will, because of a limited number of cores. And so, to the extent that one plus one just increases the probability that we’ll be able to make the sale. So I think there will be some savings on that, probably a little bit on the SG&A piece as we’re able to leverage our sales organization.
John Lawrence – Morgan, Keegan: Right. Congratulations, guys. Thanks.
John Quinn: Thank you, John.
Joe Holsten: Thanks. Very good. Thanks for joining us. Look forward to our next call, when we’ll cover the fourth quarter and provide guidance for our 2011 fiscal year as well. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-31 22:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn - Director, Investor Relations Joe Holsten - President & CEO John Quinn - EVP & CFO
 :
Analysts: John Lovallo - Bank of America Merill Lynch Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Nate Brochmann - William Blair Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the LKQ Corporation second quarter 2010 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Sarah Lewensohn, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Ms. Lewensohn, you may begin.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you, Claudia. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. This morning we released our second quarter 2010 financial results. With me today, from LKQ Corporation are Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Rob Wagman, Senior VP of Operations, Wholesale Parts Division. Both Joe and John will provide some prepared remarks on results and then we will open the call for questions. In addition, to those that are listening by telephone, we’re providing an audiocast via the LKQ website and both of those forms will have replays available for them after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to read the following; the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law.  Please refer to our 2009 Form 10-K, and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC, and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Joe Holsten.
Joe Holsten: Thank you Sarah and good morning, thanks for joining us today. As you can see from the results we recorded this morning, we delivered a very strong second quarter. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.26, an increase of 30% as compared to the $0.20 for the second quarter of 2009. And revenue for the second quarter reached $585 million benefiting from acquisitions, increased aftermarket part sales and higher commodity prices. The organic revenue growth for the company as a whole was 12.2%. As segment driving trends led to relatively flat miles driven in April and May, we benefited from the continued increase in the demand for alternative parts. The top line organic growth reflected in particular, an increasing acceptance of aftermarket and refurbished collision parts. Insurers continue to operate under significant cost pressures. A recent survey by property-casualty.com of the top 100 carriers indicated that net premiums from personal auto line declined in 2009 for the third year in a row while the combined ratio, that’s the measure of underwriting profitability continues to deteriorate. The net impact was a second straight year of underwriting losses for personal auto coverage and this environment offers great opportunities for LKQ. Demand for LKQ’s wholesale parts was quite strong during the quarter, our second quarter organic revenue from the sale of all parts and services increased 5.5%. The greatest beneficiary of the APU trend was our aftermarket and refurbished parts category. Aftermarket and refurbished revenues increased 11.4% with an organic growth rate of 8.7%. When we acquired Keystone 2.5 years ago, one of the objectives was to accelerate the adoption of aftermarket collision parts. And that is exactly what has occurred. For the past four quarters, organic revenue growth of aftermarket and refurbished parts is around 9% or better. Aftermarket and refurbished parts revenue also benefited from the strong used car market which increases the likelihood that vehicles were repaired rather than categorized as total losses. Organic growth of recycled parts and services was up slightly during the second quarter as the quarter reflected some lingering consequences of the Cash for Clunkers program. In the third and fourth quarters of last year we bought fewer auction cars and many of these vehicles we bought have lower parts values than was necessary to support our growth target. I believe we reached the inflection point during this quarter and the salvage auction trends have started to improve. During the second quarter we repurchased almost 52,000 vehicles for dismantling at our wholesale operations which is a 41% increase over the second quarter of last year. The increase in vehicle purchases will clearly help expand our parts inventory. On the past two calls, I’ve talked about the challenges we face in buying salvage parts. The supply of vehicles was good during the second quarter of the year, but the prices we had to pay were at the high end of what we have historically paid. We have increased our bid prices to ensure we have adequate inventory to support demand. I know believe that at the current run rate we are acquiring enough cars to build a backlog of vehicles to dismantle during the third quarter in order to meet our targeted volumes. Concurrently, we are doing what we can to improve parts pricing, to offset the downward pressure from high auction prices on gross margin. We have taken steps to reduce price deviations by our sales reps and are focused on maintaining gross margin dollars. Turning to our self-service retail operations, during the quarter we purchased roughly 78,000 lower cost self service and crash-only cars. Current car repurchases, purchased prices are reflecting a little downward stickiness as we move to what we paid for self-service cars closer in line with what we’re realizing on the crushed car body. By that I mean we will likely see a little margin compression in this line of business in Q3 until the cost of cars falls in line with recent scrap prices. Changing the focus to our heavy duty truck operations, we are moving forward with the expansion of our network. Currently, we have purchased approximately 900 units for resale of parts during the quarter and today we have 11 facilities. We are starting to see the locations benefit from being a part of the organization. For example, we recently had several export buyers who were able to find what they needed by offering them our entire inventory across the country while they visited a single location. During the quarter, we purchased two heavy duty truck locations, one in West Monroe, Louisiana and the other in Jackson, Mississippi. We also acquired a couple of wholesale recycled auto parts operations that provide important platforms for entry into strategic markets. The wholesale auto recycle businesses will allow us to serve the Winnipeg, Manitoba, and the Seattle-Washington metropolitan areas and beyond. Winnipeg provides an important entry into Manitoba and Central Canada and the Seattle operation will allow us to create a stronger presence in that facility and its surrounding markets. Collectively the acquisitions we made in the second quarter, reported 2009 annual revenue of about $14 million. As of today, we have made a number of acquisitions that will be recognized as third quarter transactions. These include an automotive paint distribution business in Boston-Massachusetts area, a wholesale recycling operation near the Tennessee border that will serve the Huntsville and Birmingham-Alabama and the National Tennessee markets and finally a wholesale recycling operation in one of our nation’s major markets Philadelphia-Pennsylvania. Additionally, we have repurposed two of the properties we took on with the Greenleaf acquisition. A wholesale recycling operation in Monroe, Georgia was reopened with specialized, high-end European brand vehicles and the former Greenleaf facility in Wilson, North Carolina has opened as a heavy duty truck operation. And finally, our marketing efforts increased our service levels and the comprehensiveness of our parts offerings to the insured repair community continue to pay dividends, as we now have four of the top 15 carriers signed to our parts program along with a number of smaller carriers with very modest market shares. We’ve also seen recent successes in our offering of parts supply programs to three national rental car companies and a half dozen fleet management companies. And we recently appointed a small team of people that have responsibility to develop a government agency marketing effort. I’d like to turn our conversation over to John now, so he can provide more detail on our financial result.
John Quinn: Thanks Joe and good morning everybody. As Joe mentioned, we are very pleased with the way the business performed in Q2. Hopefully, everybody has had a chance to look at our 8-K which we filed with the SEC earlier today and as normal we are planning to file our 10-Q in the next few days. Our revenue for the second quarter increased approximately $98 million to $585 million compared to $486 million for the same period last year, an increase of 20%. For Q2, our organic growth was 12.2% and acquisitions accounted for 7.6% growth. We had a small favorable foreign exchange impact of 1.5 or 1%. Organic growth of our parts and services revenue was 5.5% and organic growth of other revenue which was where we record our scrap commodity sales, was up 81% as commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis. For Q2 2010, our same-store sales growth and the aftermarket refurbished parts was 8.7% while our growth rate for recycled was 1%. Our year-to-date growth rate for same-store sales for aftermarket and refurbished crash parts was 8.4% and recycled parts was 1.4%.  The total same-store sales growth rate for parts overall were at 5.5% for the quarter and 5.6% year-to-date. We spent a fair amount of time in the effort in analyzing the recycled revenue growth. We know that the expensive salvage auction market earlier this year resulted in lower purchases by us during the first month of the year and that led to recycled part sales being unfavorably impacted in Q2. We also commented on call dating back to Q3 of last year that we are concerned that the Cash for Clunker Cars would also adversely impact overall recycled part revenues due to the substantially lower value of the parts on a Clunker Car as compared to a typical salvage auction car. Our review of detailed part sales by mechanical part type as well as the average selling price per unit has confirmed this belief. During the quarter, due to the legal restrictions against selling the engines from a Clunker car, revenue from engine sales actually declined during the quarter compared to last year. Similarly, we were negatively impacted due to lesser value of Clunker car transmissions when compared to the value of a normal auction car transmission. It’s our belief that our same-store sales for the quarter for recycled parts were negatively impacted by at least 2.2% due to these two factors alone, let alone the lower value of other Clunker car parts. As most of you realize, we operate our management structure in a way that a single management team has responsibility for the sale and distribution of recycled parts, aftermarket parts, paint and body supplies, remanufactured mechanical parts as well as refinished crash parts. We view this business as a single segment for our SEC and GAAP reporting. Moreover we are consolidating warehouses and delivery routes to co-locate and co-deliver these products and we are encouraging and incenting our sales reps as well as our customers to view recycled, aftermarket refurbished as substitutes for each other. All of which is to say as we’ve grown and expanded our profit offerings to a full array of alternative parts, the lines and distinctions we are reporting on these product types has become somewhat arbitrary and we are giving strong consideration to combining and reporting in these two lines, that is recycled and aftermarket at some time in the future, possibly by year-end. In Q2 2010, revenue from our self-serve business was $53 million or 9% of LKQ’s total revenue. Approximately, 36% of this revenue is part sales included in recycled and related products and 64% scrap and car sales included in other revenue. Our acquisition revenue growth was driven primarily by the acquisition of Greenleaf which was completed in October 1, 2009. This transaction accounted for roughly 5.5% of acquisition-related growth. Gross margin for the second quarter of 2010 was 44.7%, which was down 60 basis points from the 45.3 in the same period of 2009. This decline is primarily related to the higher costs incurred for acquiring salvage cars at auctions, higher costs for self-service cars and a lower margin percentage on scrap aluminum sales. You may recall in the first quarter I indicated the higher price curves would be putting pressure on gross margin. Our facility warehouse expense for the quarter increased $7.5 million or 15.7% as compared to the same quarter of 2009. Approximately $3.6 million of the growth was related to business acquisitions. Facility warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue for the quarter showed an improvement to 9.5% from 9.8% last year. Distribution expenses for the quarter increased $8.4 million or 19.7% compared to 2009 with $2.3 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. The remaining growth is primarily fuel of $2.4 million, labor of $1.2 million and $2.2 million of volume-related items such as freight and truck rentals. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs were essentially flat year-over-year at 8.8%.  Selling, general and administration expenses grew $9.3 million or 13.9% over the second quarter 2009 with $2.1 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. We also had higher labor costs to support the increased business of about $5 million. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 12.9% in Q2, 2010 compared to 13.7% in 2009. Our operating income was $70 million in Q2 2010 compared to $55 million in Q2 last year, an improvement of $15 million or 27%. Net interest expense of $7.2 million was slightly lower than the second quarter last year due to lower average debt balances and a slightly lower effective interest rate at 4.93%. We had a floating fixed hedge of $50 million which rolled off in April and has not been replaced at this time. Income from continuing operations for Q2 was $37.9 million, a 33.2% increase compared to the $28.5 million in the prior year. And diluted earnings per share from continuing ops for the quarter was $0.26 in 2010 compared to $0.20 in 2009, an improvement of 30%. Year-to-date through six months, we’ve experienced strong cash flow from operations of $101.2 million compared to $87 million in the same period last year. During this quarter, we built inventories by a little over $20 million. I’d mentioned last quarter that we were exiting Q1 with our salvage inventory a little lighter than we would have liked and you can see that we have picked up the buying in that area. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9.9 million excluding acquisitions which we spent about $10 million. During the quarter, we issued 436,000 shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options and resulted in $4.4 million in cash including related tax benefit. Debt at the end of the quarter, $594.4 million including $587.8 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were a $190.5 million at the quarter end.
 : Combined with our cash balances and the fact we have prepaid the mandatory term loan payments for 2010, we believe we had adequate liquidity. Now I’ll turn to guidance which as always excludes restructuring charges or gains and losses related to acquisitions or divestitures. As we know in our press release we are raising our guidance. We are increasing our previous EPS from continuing operations estimate of $1.6 to $1.12 to revise estimate of a $1.8 to $1.14. And income from continuing operations, from a previous $154 million to $163 million to revised estimate of $158 million to $167 million. We have not revised the balance of our guidance. Cash flow from operations are still expected to exceed $160 million. Capital expenditures still expect to be in the range of $85 million to 95 million and organic growth of 6% to 8% for products and services revenues. Finally last quarter I laid out some potential headwinds and tailwinds that could impact us for the rest of the year and I thought I’d give you an update on where we see these items today. In Q1, we talked about scrap prices moving lower in Q2, what we ultimately saw was that they rose early in the quarter, but fell in the back half of Q2. And today they stand, about as low as they have been all year, but we are seeing some indications that they may tick up a bid in Q3. So in this front, while we continue to see some risks, the bias is more favorable than when we exited Q1. Secondly in Q1 we described the difficult buying environment for salvage vehicles. During the quarter, we saw prices of the auctions stabilize and actually come down a bit and we’ve had some of the best buying weeks ever in terms of volume over the past month. To characterize that I would say we saw the downside risk of higher prices of the auctions abate. But we haven’t seen the upside case of materially lower auction prices manifests itself. Obviously, we are doing what we can improve prices to offset the increased costs, it will take a little time to see those efforts. Finally we talked about some potential pressure on aftermarket margins, as a result of freight increases, we continue to face this pressure and are seeing some increases, but again we are doing what we can to improve our pricing. And with that, I’ll turn back to Joe.
Joe Holsten: Thanks John. I’m going to share a few closing thoughts. Well more than a year ago, in our first quarter 2009 conference call, I shared with you some thoughts about our opportunities that might arise for LKQ as a result of the economic conditions we saw at the time and then my reflection of those opportunities are coming true today.
 : As we commented on our first quarter 2009 call, the strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth, make strategic acquisitions on our competitors, are shrinking their businesses. Results of the last six quarters has demonstrated the benefits of LKQ’s position as a leading distributor to the collision and mechanical autorepair industry. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we’ve taken in response to the economic environment have translated into consistent sustainable earnings growth. During what is likely to be a slow economic recovery, by maintaining our focus we will continue to deliver solid growth in 2010 and beyond. And Claudia, at this point I think we’d like to open up for questions please.
 : As we commented on our first quarter 2009 call, the strength of our balance sheet has provided us with the capital to finance our organic growth, make strategic acquisitions on our competitors, are shrinking their businesses. Results of the last six quarters has demonstrated the benefits of LKQ’s position as a leading distributor to the collision and mechanical autorepair industry. We believe our unique competitive position and the actions we’ve taken in response to the economic environment have translated into consistent sustainable earnings growth. During what is likely to be a slow economic recovery, by maintaining our focus we will continue to deliver solid growth in 2010 and beyond. And Claudia, at this point I think we’d like to open up for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Lovallo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The first question is on the recycled business. And I know you spoke of an inflection point, Joe. Is that largely attributable to the clunkers effect kind of running off and some supply improving? Is there anything else going on there?
Joe Holsten: No, I think we nailed the two issues that will drive a better result than the second half of the year. As we indicated on like the last couple of calls, the impact of the clunkers, surprised us to an extent and I think we have estimated that the average loss of revenue on our clunker car compared to a normal salvage auction car is about $2,500 and just to confirm that we did a little bit deeper dig on that over the last 90 days and as we had indicated in some of our comments, we were able to very noticeably see the impact in our engine and transmission sales and those are our two leading part revenue generators for the whole company. So the clunker car, I’d say at this point they are pretty much bled through the system as we are headed into the Q3. The other item I think you put your finger on the real kind of tightest times we have seen in the buying markets on salvage auction vehicles, we’ve seen that in March to May timeframe.
 : So the volumes are very healthy right now, in terms of the incoming product growth and a little bit more than we have historically, but we accept that and we think we are good enough in terms of our management skills. We get the right pricing and dig little deeper in the cars that will sustain or come very close to sustaining the gross margin dollars we have enjoyed over the years. So we think the back half of the year will show a lot better picture in terms of the same-store sales and the recycled product line.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Second question is, we've had some pretty hot weather, particularly in July. Are you guys seen any increased demand for mechanical parts?
Joe Holsten: Yes somewhat seasonal, the things we see generally at this time of the year is of the mechanical part request come and I would say that this year is atypical by any stretch of the imagination. The other thing we typically see at this time of the year is the competitors on the aftermarket part sales comes up a little bit as the volume, the work and the shops decreases. The shops will negotiate a little harder and on their parts pricing. So, we are seeing that predominantly on the aftermarket part side of the business, but once again nothing out of the norm either way.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And last and final question here, the acquisition market, is that continuing to gain steam here heading into the tax law change?
Joe Holsten: The acquisition environment is absolutely the strongest deal market we have seen, probably hasn’t been as good since 1998, when we first started in the business. And I would say overhearing two things in terms of seller motivation, one is certainly the lack of clarity of what capital gains rates are going to be in that sphere, I think, most people we have talked to think of that sense, but they move to 28% and there is a lot of fear in the market right now that for some tax payers that rate will be even more than 28%. But I think the other thing we are starting to hear John, in terms of why people are at the table, and it really goes back to the comment I made in terms of LKQ’s balance sheet and our unique position in our industry as fully being the only publicly traded company in the market in our space.
,: So these people for probably the first time in the last decade as regarding to grow their business, there is only one way to do it and that’s to write personal check and thus their investor personal funds enter the business. And I think that’s the other driving factor of why we are seeing a lot more people at the table. The other really encouraging thing and what I think is so stimulating about this, the deal flow right now, it’s really in every sector that we touch what we are seeing, owners of the late-model recycling yards the table, some of the aftermarket businesses are at the table as well as other things, people on remanufacturing or refinishing businesses, interested in selling I think our more vocal interest in paint business has drawn people into being interested in selling those businesses as well. So it’s a very and of course the truck and the self-service yard, but it is really kind of on all fronts. Our deal team is stretched thin right now, we are trying to add resources to that because I don’t see this just as a 2010 phenomenon, I think this will continue for a couple of years. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: How do you see the mix of recycled and/or aftermarket growth trending in the balance of the year?
Joe Holsten:  Certainly, based on the comments I just made to John, it’s our view that recycle product same-store sales growth in the mix there has kind of gained some steam. I guess you know the seasonality of third quarter is generally not one of our strongest quarters, the demand especially for crash parts tends to ebb a little bit. But, I guess I would see aftermarket staying pretty steady in terms of our usual trends we are seeing from year-to-year, but a little more robust environment for the recycled products.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: And then, as you face a little gross margin pressure on the cost side, could you address just what pricing opportunities you think you may have, and put that into the context of how OEM prices have trended recently?
Rob Wagman: Sure, as John mentioned we are still seeing above historical costs for salvage, but we do see a little bit of reduction here in late Q2. We have taken various steps Craig, to address them. One Joe mentioned was monitoring of deviations. We have the ability to look at our reps reducing prices. We are at the point now where we have the ability to walk down our price for a high demand, the product that may be low in quantity. So we are watching our reps a lot closer than we ever have. And as you mentioned correctly, we do price in relation to the OE part, we do track that daily watching for any kind of trends that may go one way or the other and in recent months we have seen a slight increase in the OEs, a little bit more than a point of price increase. So, we do watch that very closely and react to that when we can. One of the other things that we are doing is locking down some of the rep’s ability to bypass certain core charges for example, where se sell a used engine and we expect the old one back to sellthrough remanufacturer. So, we are in a process of tightening that to make sure we get the proper price for the proper parts. One last thing I will comment is that we do have pricing teams in each of our divisions, we have a separate price team for aftermarket and a separate price team for salvage that monitoring certainly trends with the OEs as well as our competition. We expect our competition to have to address the same concerns. We are at the auction so, we contantly monitor their activity as well.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: And then lastly, Joe, just on the acquisition front, you added I think $14 million in revenue, which would annualize to about a $56 million run rate. Do you see that trend accelerating as you conclude the year, given prior comments that you'd hoped to maybe add as much as 10% to organic growth through acquisitions?
Joe Holsten: We should probably correct the runrate of the deals that were closed during the quarter, the $14 million was the annual revenue. Those are the very small deals, the ones that were closed during the quarter and the ones that have been closed subsequent to that slightly larger. But I think we have said that we believe in the deal flow will typically be monthly in the company and are kind of the ones, you can’t really forecast are the ones, the more significant deals are going to hit. I think the guidance we have provided over the last several years I would say remains unchanged in terms of our view that the same-store sales growth in the business should fall somewhere in the range of 6% to 8% and on a three to five-year trajectory there will be enough deal flow that will move the overall revenue growth of the company right up to the high teens, 20% which ironically is exactly when we hit in the current quarter that we are reporting in. So I continue to feel very confident in that amount of deal flow over the next few years, certainly plenty on the table. There’s a chance we could outperform that a little bit next year, but we look at this more on a three to four year basis. I would continue to think we are looking at little over 10% growth from acquisitions. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: When you look at sort of the organic growth and you kept your 6% to 8% range, the first half of this year you were sub-6% in both the first two quarters. I'm just wondering, is there something in July? I mean, you talked about the inventory. You talked about some of the sort of headwinds that you had in the first half of the year. But is there anything else in terms of your visibility into the second half that gives you confidence that the 6% to 8% is a very achievable range? Or are there some things that have to go your way to sort of move meaningfully into that? And then, maybe can you just comment on how July has looked relative to where that range is currently?
Joe Holsten: I think we have covered the factors of what we think will impact the second half of the year, we discussed the fact that we think the recycled parts inventory is certainly looking stronger than it has for almost a year at this point and the buying continues to come in week after week, at pretty impressive levels. As I said, are we paying a little more than we have liked. Yes, in fact we are, but the volumes are there and we’ve always said that the constraint on growth in the company is supplying our demand and I remain comfortable at that comment. On the aftermarket side of the business, I think our inventories are in very good shape. As a matter of fact, it’s our intent to probably inventory up a little earlier than normal, in 2010 just to try to avoid any shipping lane congestion, we are starting to see some reports of container shortages and looks like a lot of shipping capacity has been dry-docked and so we are moving to get ahead of that in terms of bringing volume on a little sooner than we normally would. So I think it's probably more salient things that I comment on regarding the second half of the year.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets : And when you look at the activity in terms of fill rate, is that sort of still on that 65% level? Or are you starting to see that pick up here now that you've added some inventory?
Joe Holsten:
 :
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And on the gross margin, then, should we think that the run rate you experienced this quarter is probably a normalized rate, at least until the pricing at auction gets a little bit more favorable and/or the pricing in general from a price increase passthrough, you get more benefit from that? How should we think about what is impacting the ability to improve gross margin versus what could be a headwind?
John Quinn: Obviously we are working on the pricing side as Rob mentioned, the inventory the way it works as we paid higher amounts of the car and bleed through the next couple of months and as Joe mentioned that, we are seeing auction prices coming down a little bit. We probably won’t start to turn those cars through the inventory going through Q4. So, although I don’t want to get too granular here, because it’s a little bit depending on what happens with the combination of scrap prices and auction prices, but as we see it today, probably Q3 will be a little bit soft and then Q4 will bounce back as the way I would anticipate it.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets : And there's again been some noise out of Ford, and I know you've in the past had some issues, but have settled and some things went your way. Is that just again more noise? Or is there a bigger issue going on in the industry today with the regulation of aftermarket parts? And how do you see that sort of evolving as the increase in alternative parts continues to act as sort of a tailwind for you?
Rob Wagman: We certainly do view it as noise right now, it’s just an extension test with the Sawzall blade. As we mentioned last quarter Tony, we did do the crash test on late-model vehicles with the law passing. We have been were asked by some about why we tested 35 miles an hour and we made it clear that we tested because of the safety requirements, the [SMBS] laws for occupant safety. So what we did, we didn’t set out to take 16 rebars and 5 absorbers and test it at 5 miles per hour and everyone of those pass. We certainly tale this very seriously, the activity that’s going on and that’s really a part of what of our car insurance program that addresses that stuff. We are at over 8,000 parts in the program, where traceability is available in everyone of those products and that is one of the concern so, I think we have taken all the necessary steps to take it to where we have comfortability in the fact that our parts are, our quality and meet the standards of our government. At the end of the day, I think one of the best outcomes of this, all this activity is the fact that we have two certification bodies that are now going to start certifying each types of products. So we are actively supporting them and we continue to buy those products and put them on our shelves to make sure we have the right products.
Operator: And the next question is coming from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank. 
Unidentified Analyst:  I know you've covered this in pretty good detail so far. But I was just wondering if there was any way to gauge if there's any difference in actual demand for recycled parts versus aftermarket parts? And it would seem that aftermarket growth be higher than recycled for about a year now. But you've also talked about your inventory being kind of down for a year. Is there any way to tell in terms of fill rates or inquiries like where demand stands between the two segments?
Joe Holsten: We do measure the request activity on our recycled products. That’s easy to do because when we have request for parts of systems, automatically kind of allow you to look up and yes, that’s something I monitor weekly personally, looking at request activity quotes issued and inbound phone traffic. And that is stronger than it was a year ago; so it remain stronger and strong year-over-year. The aftermarket, the way our systems work, we really don’t have that insight into the demand activity, a lot of the demand is coming in over websites and our IT and that piece of our business doesn’t really, isn’t recording public demand. I don’t know how we could really reflect on demand on the aftermarket parts short of the fact that we continue to see the 8% 9% year-on-year growth. And some of that is obviously coming from I think a stronger inventory, but I think it’s also safe to say that with the number of carriers who are expanding their interest in programs like our AQRP program and are broadening the kind of the slope of aftermarket products that we are willing to consider in the repair process. Yes, we know the demand was up, but I can’t say that we could quantify.
John Quinn: Just to maybe a supplement on what Joe said, if you think about the aftermarket where we have 90 plus percent fill rates, we are essentially filling most of the calls when somebody comes in and asks for it. On the salvage side, where the fill rates are probably short of 70, obviously there is a lot of demand that we are not able to fill in. Some of that manifested as an example in the engines that we talked about in Q2. I have no doubt in my mind had we had those engines, we would have sold them in Q2. So the demand was there, we just can’t fill it, we don’t have the recycled parts and so in Q1 we talked about we were going into Q2 with a little bit lighter inventory, Joe mentioned that last quarter we bought over 50,000 cars which was up 41% year-over-year. So regardless of what happens with demand, I think the availability of the supply will increase, the sale which has giving us some of the confidence in the prior question with respect to the back half growth rate.
Rob Wagman: If you think about our headlight, we sell our recycled headlight, we also sell a comparable aftermarket headlight, we also sell comparable refurbished headlight. And those three products when we talked about them today, we bifurcate where they came from, but from a customer point of view, they are been sold to the same customer, they are filling exactly the same function, they’re priced incomparable So as we're somewhat agnostic between the two product lines in terms of the source, we are really looking at the demand side, and that was some of the comments that we talked about whenever you said we are considering amalgamating these two things because we view it as a single statement and we think our customers would like them to be indifferent among these parts.
Unidentified Analyst: I was interested to hear the comments on signing deals with rental companies and fleet management companies. Can you give us a little more color on how these types of companies generally acquire their parts? And is this an opportunity for you to raise your penetration of their purchases significantly here? If you could put any kind of a range of the market out there?
Joe Holsten: Historically, these have been buyers of new OEM parts pure and simple. The rental car companies over most of the last decade were repurchasing agreements with the manufacturers and it is my understanding that a part of those repurchasing agreements were that the cars would be repaired with new OEM parts. Now the rental car companies are in positions that they actually own more of their own fleet that the replacement parts decision has just more flexibility and we believe, and especially as the rental car companies are keeping their fleets closer to a three-year turnover now as opposed to 12 to 15 months. That’s like also putting those maintenance managers at a position of questioning to whether or not all their part replacements should be with new OEM parts. So that’s a very rich market for us, it’s not as huge market, but certainly we wouldn’t be cannibalizing any part sales that we already have today. It was a really new part sales opportunities for us. I would venture to say that the same is basically true of the fleet managers that were experiencing gains with typically those repairers have been made almost exclusively with new OEM product historically. 
Rob Wagman: And to answer the other half of your question Dan, it’s how they order the parts. It is coming through our e-commerce. They’re not picking up the phone and calling us, there are using our keyless strategy where they write an estimate and it scrubs up against our inventory. So it’s a B2B function that has worked out really well for us
Unidentified Analyst: The Philadelphia market, is that a new market for you guys? Are there any kinds of revenue synergies you can point to between that and other facilities in the area?
Joe Holsten:  That certainly will be. We do service the Philadelphian market today, but our market share there is insignificant. I don’t think we probably have even more than $2.5 million recycled parts business in the Philadelphia market today. We’re servicing the market essentially out of the Hunts Point business in the Bronx and quite clearly, the product that we have in the Bronx needs to stay in the Bronx because it’s another market where we really need more capacity.. But we’ve been chasing this market for a decade. I personally have been chasing this market for a decade. So we’re really happy to have production and distribution capacity right in the heart of the Philly market now. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. 
Nate Brochmann - William Blair:  I wanted to see if you could put a little bit of extra color on the buying environment, John you kind of mentioned that, it’s starting to improve a little bit, but Joe you are talking about still paying the higher above the average price for the cars. Could you just talk about kind of little bit more color in terms of what you’re seeing there?
Joe Holsten: Certainly. The main measurements that we look at are just the overall volume of product at the auction. We're not sophisticated really enough to quantify kind of the value or the quality of what’s there at the salvage auctions. I monitor pretty closely kind of our activity levels and how much product we actually revaluate and I consider any week when we see more than 50,000 vehicles at the auctions proves to be relatively healthy, particularly when you consider the number that I gave you a few months ago and still we’ve been buying a little over 200,000 per week. So we’ve infact consistently right upto last week, we’re still seeing the auction volumes in the low 50,000 range. So we consider that to be a very healthy level and I’ve been very impressed with our field activity. A lot of our agents have brought additional scouts and additional buyers into the process realizing that we need to evaluate more products. So for example, last week, we evaluated about 45% to 46% of the products at the auction, that’s up a year ago, this time we were probably evaluating around 33% to 35% of the vehicles of the auction. So you can see that that it seems they are digging a lot deeper, looking, evaluating significantly more products at the auction pools and based on that our win rates have come up quite a bit over the last two to three months. So that’s kind of the only negative here. Decomprising as I would see it within that in the March through May timeframe as it would appear to me at this point, today that pricing probably peaked during that three month timeframe, came down in June and the pricing, it seems so far in July is showing a few more percentage points reduction over where we were in the June timeframe. I do think that the correction is going to be gradual. There’s no snap back sort of adjustment coming in terms of auction prices. So it continues to be our belief that largely the used car market that’s driving the high salvage prices. I think everything that we have seen relative to the used car market, it remains to be a very strong market and probably going to be a market that adjusts very gradually over the next one to two years.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair: Rob, maybe this is a question back for you. But you talk about pushing some pricing through and doing a little bit better job eliminating some of the discounts with some of your sales reps. How is the market acceptance of that kind of progressing?
Rob Wagman: I think the insurance industry is aware of the fact that we’re paying more for the salvage and certainly expect that to be passed on. We believe we’re still competitive and again pricing to OE, we’re still a price alternative to that number. So we always keep in mind the pricing of the OEs in the aftermarket world as well. So we’re still a price alternative to the OE in the aftermarket and salvage. So I think we’re maintaining a nice comfortable margin for the carriers to make it worthwhile to run our parts.
Joe Holsten: I think we will do more question, we’ve come up on the hour and certainly we want to be very respectful of everybody’s time, I know a lot of companies are releasing today. So let’s do one question please, Claudia.
Operator:  Our last question is coming from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  You had obviously, a big increase in your other revenue category. Would you be able to break out how much of that was volume versus the higher scrap metal prices?
John Quinn: I don’t have a good breakup of that, Bill. Pricing was up about 77% though and you can see that the organic growth was 81 if I recall. A little bit more volume.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  Your distribution expenses were essentially flat as a percentage of revenue despite higher freight and fuel. Does that just kind of offset by more volume efficiencies?
John Quinn: Yes.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  Okay and on the auction side, prices are still kind of high. Does that, I think, in your last call three months ago, you mentioned it was really more an issue of maybe more buyers in the auctions rather than a lack of supply. Would you still characterize the auction conditions like that or are you seeing anything changing in the supply demand equation there?
Joe Holsten: I think you’ve summarized that very accurately. The volumes, the products are in very good shape and it’s our belief that the high used-car price market has brought more buyer, people who’ve been normally buying at the wholesale auctions are also buying at the salvage auctions right now and it’s hard to believe that when used car pricing, is it, gradually adjusting the volumes of used cars come back up, those buyers will revert to buying in the wholesale auctions again.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  The organic growth, I know you've addressed this already on the call. Organic growth for recycled has been pretty slow and it sounds like it's your belief that as supply starts to ease up, you don't have the clunker vehicles, you're getting more parts revenue per vehicle. Is that what we should expect to see starting to happen in the third quarter and the fourth quarter?
Joe Holsten: That’s our belief absolutely.
Joe Holsten: I appreciate everybody joining the call today. We look forward to getting back to you in 90 days to report on our third quarter progress. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn - Director IR Joe Holsten - President and CEO John Quinn – EVP & CFO Rob Wagman - SVP of Operations, Wholesale Parts Division
Analysts: John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird  Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Sarah Lewensohn, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you Ms. Lewensohn. You may now begin.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results. With me today from LKQ Corporation is Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer, John Quinn, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Rob Wagman, Senior Vice President of Operations, Wholesale Parts Division. Both Joe and John will provide some prepared remarks on our results and then we will open the call up for questions. In addition to those that are listening by telephone, we’re providing an audio cast via the LKQ website. In both forms will have replays available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to read the following. The statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the day, on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our 2008 Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Joe Holsten. 
Joe Holsten: Thanks. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I would kike to begin just by saying how pleased we are with results recorded this morning. As you can see, we delivered a strong fourth quarter and overall a very solid year. If you think back to the environment that existed a year ago, I believe the results are even more impressive. Before we get into the specifics, I’d like to put our results into perspective. At the start of 2009, there was a great deal of uncertainty for most of businesses including ours. Unemployment was rising; miles driven continue to register a decline, many auto insurance companies reported fewer claims. Around the surface, the reductions in claims might be seen as a positive for insurance carriers, declines of renewal rates and lower average premiums as consumers show less coverage on your older cars, but not built well for the insurance industry. The auto industry was also under considerable stress. At the time, General Motors and Chrysler were planning for bankruptcy; dealer franchise agreements were being cancelled and even for those dealerships that were able to keep their franchises, many of them are struggling to keep their credit lines in place, so they could remain open. In the face of all that, we said we believed that the environment was good for alternative parts and we were going to continue to invest and expand our business despite a terrible economy.  Original guidance was for organic revenue growth for parts and services of 6% to 8% and we got right in the middle. We plan to grow EPS to between $0.80 to $0.86 and on almost any measure, we exceeded the top end of that. Cash flow from operations came in at $164 million while over our initial guidance was approximately $145 million.  During 2009, we continue to implement our strategy of creating one source for aftermarket, recycled and refurbished collision products that provide true options to new OEM replacement parts for insurance, body shops, REIT managers and consumers. We started the year with the redesign regional organization focused around our wholesale product line. The new structure provided clear direction and goals for the operating units and led to a sharper focus on the needs of our customers. We invested in our business until both new and expanded warehouse space by building inventory and adding new product lines. And we continued to stress better sales skills and the cross selling of all types of alternative parts after market recycled and refurbished as the priority for our sales team. Many of our investments in technology are in part, to create better selling efficiencies. These efforts supported our growth and led to the achievement of an important milestone in the history of LKQ over $2 billion in annual revenue for the first time. Turning to the results of our business, for the fourth quarter of 2009, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.25 from continuing operations, an increase of 150% over the prior years $0.10. Revenue for the quarter from parts and services grew by $73 million, a 17.3% over the prior year.  For the full year 2009, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.88, an increase of 28% over the prior year. On a full year basis, organic revenue growth from parts and services was 7%. Demand for wholesale, alternative repair parts, aftermarket recycled and refurbished was strong. We are tracking the industry data for changes in the use of alternative parts. The mid-year data consolidated by both Michelin and CCC indicated alternative part usage is up, most likely at a faster pace than the historical 1 point per year growth rate that has incurred for the past decade. However, until we see the full year numbers from these agencies, we will not know the true industry growth rate. Organic revenue growth for aftermarket and refurbished parts was 14.9% for the quarter and 8.9% for the year. Selling out of our aftermarket inventory was a key initiative during the year, we expanded the breadth and depth of the parts, reassigning some parts to different locations based on demand trends and improved unshelled fulfillment rates. Sales also have been helped by increased repairs as a result of higher used car values and resulting in fewer total losses. On the recycling side, we saw organic revenue growth of 2.4% in the quarter. We mentioned on the last quarter's call that this category would be impacted by a drop in selling and service revenues. Without that revenue decline, the revenue growth would have been a healthier 7.4%. During the quarter, we purchased nearly 41,000 vehicles for dismantling buyer wholesale operations. Starting in Q4 and continuing into January, availability of salvage vehicles was tighter than we had seen in recent years. So, we were carefully monitoring our purchases and looking for additional sources of vehicles outside the arch.  Included in the 41,000 cars we bought, for 5,500 Cash for Clunkers for our wholesale operations. By now, way of our decision to press out most of the Clunkers we bought and although the vehicles were lower in cost, they average less revenue per car than the typical wholesale car that we buy. We believe that our parts supply program differentiate our aftermarket, recycled and refurbished products from the competition. Our customers tell us they are looking for ways to control repaired costs without compromising quality. They appreciate that our programs can make it easier to use alternative parts. We customize parts programs to provide our customers with a broader selection of aftermarket parts, as well as provide them tracking ability from the repaired car back to our vendor. I’d mentioned Keyless before talking about our programs. This slates availability of alternative parts with the estimate in the system. The software makes it easier for our repair shop to consider parts availability and cycle time in determining what part they want to use for a job. More than 2,000 repair shops now have access to Keyless and their use of the system that is growing. In January, it generated 120,000 estimates that are linked to our inventory. Our self-served operations rebounded near normalized levels compared to the impact we felt from the collapse in the commodity market in the fourth quarter of last year. Scrap prices we received and the cost repaid for cars were more inline with the historical spread from the period before the run up in scrap prices. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 56,000 lower-cost, self-service and crush-only cars including about 5,000 Cash for Clunkers. The average cost of the self-service cars we bought was 7% higher than the average for the fourth quarter of 2008. We made a number of the important acquisitions during the fourth quarter. The largest was Greenleaf Auto Recyclers, which we talked about briefly on our previous earnings call. The integration of this business is progressing well and on schedule. Our facilities have been converted to LKQs operating systems and have access to our aftermarket and refurbished inventory as well as, recycled products. The integration of Greenleaf with LKQ is on schedule to meet the financial charges we set for 2010, when we first announced the transactions.  Highway Truck [ph] in Fresno, California was also acquired during the quarter. It provides our heavy-duty truck network with a critical vision point on the West Coast. And finally, the purchase of Capital Auto Parts, a wholesale recycle parts business in Albuquerque, New Mexico. After this access to New Mexico and the opportunity to expand in the South. With the addition of Highway Truck, we now have seven distribution points in our heavy-duty truck network. While the economic environment continues to wait on the business, they are using this time to network the operations in a seamless organization.  The installation of a common network inventory system, which is currently in progress, will enhance the benefits of cooperative vehicle procurement end-pricing tool. Additionally, we are in the process of identifying best practices and creating standard operating inventory and pricing factors that should further improve the financial performance of this business segment.  (inaudible) group identified sales opportunity that individually would not have been possible. I will now turn this discussion over to John, so he can provide more detail on our financial results and then I will wrap up with some summary comments.
John Quinn: Thanks Joe and good morning everybody. As Joe mentioned, we are very pleased with the way that the business performed in Q4. Hopefully, everyone has had the chance to look at our 8-K, which we have filed with the SEC earlier today. There is a lot going on in the income statement that relates to the accounting for the Schnitzer transaction. So, I will be pointing those items out, so you can make adjustments to get back to a more normalized income statement.  We mentioned in last quarter that eight operations we divested or closed in conjunction with the Schnitzer transaction have been classified as discontinued operations in our financial statement. The results of these are eight businesses have been removed from the section of our income statement shown as continuing operations and presented as one-line item labeled loss or income from discontinued operations. All periods present a reflective accounting treatment. Our revenue for the fourth quarter increased $91.1 million to $555.9 million compared with $464.8 million for the same period last year, an increase of 19.6%. On a full year basis, 2009 revenue was $2.048 billion compared to $1.909 billion in 2008, an increase of $139.4 million or 7.3%. For Q4, our organic growth was 12.1% and acquisitions accounted for 7.5% of growth. Within the organic growth figure, other revenue which was when we record our scrap commodity sales was up 34%, commodity prices were higher on a year-over-year basis.  So, if we exclude the improvement in other revenue, the organic growth to the balances business was 9.8% and I think that’s the real story here. We saw solid growth in our salvage parts operation and our aftermarket sales were particularly strong. Our acquisition revenue growth is dominated by the acquisition of GreenLeaf, which was completed in our total around 2009. This transaction accounted for approximately 5% of the acquisition related revenue growth. For the full year, we saw organic growth of 1.9% with parts and service organic growth was a full 7%.  Gross margin for the fourth quarter 2009 was 45.5%, which was up from 42.3% in the same period 2008. In our full year basis, the gross margin for 2009 was 45.3% compared to 44.2% within the same period of 2008. These improvements are primarily related to our self-service operations as commodity prices stabilized in 2009 compared to the dramatic drop we experienced in Q4, 2008. We also benefited from steadily improving aftermarket margins.  Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased 14.4% or $7 million as compared to the same quarter 2008. Approximately, $4.2 million of the growth was related to business acquisitions. In addition, we incurred $1 million charge in the quarter related to future events on some abandoned facilities. Facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue in the quarter showed an improvement at 10.1% versus 10.5% in 2008. On a full year basis, facility and warehouse expense grew $18.9 million or 10.4% over 2008 with $16.8 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, facility and warehouse expense was 9.8% compared to 9.5% in 2008. The percentage of deterioration for these expenses for the full year was related to our self-service operations, as they run at a higher percentage of revenue for these types of costs and in particular was primarily due to our acquisition of Pick-Your-Part in Q3, 2008.  Distribution expenses for the quarter increased $6.3 million or 14.6% from Q4 2008 or $2.7 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. The remaining growth is primarily wages for truck ransom maintenance due to the increased part sales. As a percentage of revenue, distribution cost actually improved to 8.9% in Q4 2009 from 9.3% in Q4 2008. On a full year basis, distribution expenses increased by $2.3 million or 1.3% from 2008 with $6.6 million of growth related to business acquisitions. While we saw their cost categories increase, these are offset by a decline of $10.6 million in fuel costs. As a percentage of revenue, distribution expenses fell to 8.9% compared to 9.4% in 2008. Selling, general and administration expenses grew $13.5 million or 21% over the fourth quarter of 2008 with $3.8 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administration expenses was 14% in Q4 compared to 13.9% in the same period in 2008.  With the dramatic revenue growth, we'd have like to seen a little bit leverage here, but the quarters’ cost were impacted by increased bonus accruals of about $3.6 million related to year-over-year improvement results and increased professionally on some of the costs about $2.2 million of incurred in the quarter.  For the full year, SG&A expense grew by $26.7 million or 10.7% over 2008 or $13.1 million of the growth related to business acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administration expenses were $13.5 million compared to $13.1 million in 2008. During the quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $644,000 as part of the operating expenses, essentially all of which were related to the Greenleaf acquisition, primarily severance cost. Our operating income was $59.7 million in Q4 2009 compared to $30 million in Q4 of 2008. And for the year, our operating income was $231.4 million compared to $193.3 million in 2008.  In Q4 2009, our self-service facilities operating income and their margins continued to improve sequentially. In Q4 2009, revenue from our self-service business and continuing operations was $44.6 million or 8% of total revenue.  Approximately 43% of this revenue was part sales included in recycling and related products revenue and 57% scrap and car sales, which is included in other revenue. For the full year 2009, total revenue for our self-service businesses and continuing operations was $161.7 million or 7.9% of revenue. The split on this revenue was approximately 46% parts, included recycling and related parts and 54% of scrap and car sales included in other revenue. Back in Q4 2008, our self-service businesses had revenues of $32.8 million in continuing operations. For the full year of 2008, they had $155.7 million on revenue in continuing operations. Net interest sales for Q4 2009 was $7.8 million compared to $8.6 million in the same quarter last year. For the year, net interest expense was $30.9 million compared to $35.5 million in the same period 2008. These decreases are the result of lower interest rates and lower debt balances, primarily due to scheduled debt repayments. Note that included in other income expenses was a $4.3 million gain on bargain purchase price related to the GreenLeaf acquisition. Under (inaudible) that used to be considered negative goodwill is now taken directly to income statement in the period recognized. The Q4 2009 pretax income from continuing operations was $56.5 million for the quarter, compared to $22 million for the same quarter of 2008. For the year, pretax income from continuing operations of $205.3 million in 2009, compared to $159.1 million in 2008. Our effective tax rate was 38.1% for 2009, compared to 39% for 2008. Excluding various changes in discreet benefits or reserves, the effective tax rate would have been 39.5% for 2009. We have a couple of items below the income from continuing operations line and we have broken those out in financial tables included in the press release. For the quarter, the total income related to discontinued operations was $0.7 million, including an after-tax loss of $1.8 million on discontinued operations, which included $2.3 million of restructuring expenses on an after-tax basis and the earnings of the businesses sold. There is also a gain on sales of discontinued operations of $2.5 million on an after-tax basis for the operation sold in Q4 2009. For the full year 2009, the total gain on discontinued operations was $0.4 million, including $2.3 million restructuring expenses on an after-tax basis incurred in Q4, a $2.2 million fixed asset impairment on the after-tax basis incurred in Q3 of 2009. These were offset by the earnings throughout the year with the businesses sold and the after-tax gain on the sale of discontinued operations of $2.5 million reported in Q4. Our Q4, 2009 net income was $37.2 million compared to $13 million for the same quarter of 2008. For the full year, net income was $127 million compared to $99.9 million in 2008. Our fully diluted EPS was $0.26 for Q4 2009 compared to $0.09 in Q4 2008. For the year, our fully diluted EPS was $0.89 for 2009, compared to $0.71 in 2008. To summarize the impacts of restructuring expenses and the gain on bargain purchase of GreenLeaf on net income and EPS from continuing operations, restructuring cost and the gain on borrowing purchase agreement, a total of net positive $4 million on an after-tax basis or $0.03 of diluted EPS for the quarter. For the full year, they had an impact on income of $2.8 million or $0.02 on diluted EPS. So, we adjusted these items, our fully diluted EPS from continuing operations would have been $0.23 for Q4 and $0.86 for the year. Our fully diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for EPS calculations were as follows: Q4 2009, 144.6 million, Q4 2008, 142.4 million for the year and 144 million for 2009 and 141 million for 2008. With respect to our 2009 cash flow, we generated $164 million in cash from operations during the year. We grew our inventory $20.4 million, this growth being primarily related to aftermarket and refurbished products. Capital expenditures were $55.9 million in 2009, excluding business acquisitions. We spent $65.2 million in acquisitions and we received proceeds from asset sales of $18.5 million. The proceeds were primarily related to the sales of certain service yards to (inaudible). During the year, we issued approximately 2 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options and that resulted in $17.9 million in cash, which includes related tax benefits. That at the end of the year was $603 million including $595.7 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalence was $108.9 million at 12/31/09.  In addition to our mandatory scheduled debt payments in the fourth quarter, we prepaid $22.4 million of term loan payments that were scheduled for 2010 and we also paid off the September 30, 2009 revolver balance of $8.9 million. Given our strong cash flow and the negative carry for having cash on the balance sheet, does seem to make sense. Earlier this month, we prepaid the final scheduled 2010 payment of $7.5 million required under the term loan for this year. As of the close of business on February 23, we have approximately $145 million of cash and equivalents. Today, we have no draw on our $100 revolving credit facility and approximately $23.9 million letters of credit that are backstopped by the facility, leaving $76.1 million availability for future borrowings. Combined with our cash balances, the fact that we have prepaid our mandatory term loan payments for 2010, we believe we have adequate liquidity. Moving to 2010 guidance, as Joe indicated earlier, the economic environment while improving remains choppy. While we anticipate annual organic revenue growth for 2010 for parts and services will exclude the other revenue category to grow at a rate between 6% and 8%. Excluding the impact for restructuring charges, impairments or gain losses related to acquisition or divestitures, we anticipate our full year 2010 net income from continuing operations will be in the range of $145 million to $155 million and fully diluted earnings per share to be in the $1 to $1.6 range. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2010 is projected to be approximately $160 million. We expect to continue to grow inventory and working capital and to support the sales growth and cash taxes are expected to grow a little faster than income. The company estimates 2010 capital expenditures related to property and equipment, excluding expenditures of acquired businesses will be between $85 million to $95 million. This figure include some carryover spending from projects that are delayed in Q4 2009. And with that, I'd like to turn back to Joe for some closing comments.
Joe Holsten: Thanks, John. I’ll begin our call today with a reminder of some of the overall market conditions that existed at the beginning of 2009. While there has been improvement, many of those conditions are still broadly present today, an ugly environment for employment and consumer disposable income and insurance industry under pressure to keep market share and to manage severity and auto industry under stress in terms of sales and now quality for selected manufactures, weakened auto dealerships and tight credit markets, which impact our competitors’ inventory levels. Since buying Keystone, we have been laying the groundwork and executing on our business plans to be the number one provider of alternative collision parts. Our results this year reflect our success, but I believe we are only beginning to realize the benefits from creating our wholesale parts group that offers a full breadth of options to the professional auto repair industry.  Our outlook for 2010 is positive and builds from the momentum we created during 2009. The strong earnings and cash flow we generated last year leaves LKQ in an even stronger position to execute our strategy and to continue to invest in our network and inventory. We are now ready to open for Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question today comes from line of John Lovallo, with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Couple of quick questions for you here. In terms of the Allstate’s decision to use co-partners and exclusive provider, I mean do you guys anticipate any impact in the buying environment?
Joe Holsten: No, I don’t think we would. We attend about 280 auctions per week and quite frankly the auction company is pretty irrelevant to us, we simply buy it from everybody.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. In terms of your operating margin expansion, I mean certainly integrating Greenleaf will be helpful, what other opportunities do you guys see, I mean particularly at the cost of goods sold line, can you kind of talk about that?
Joe Holsten: I actually probably see more opportunities for expansion of operating margin probably below the line; I think historically our gross margins have been relatively consistent. I think it’s typically expressed a business model that’s not really based on improving our gross margins, but really based on improving our operating income margins. And broadly the largest thing that happened there is, quite frankly is just pushing more volume through the system we have in place today. I view the systems having a lot of either fixed or semi-fixed parts and just purely increasing our volumes in deliveries, leveraging our network and sales organization. Historically, I think if we go back over five years we have seen operating income margin improvements ranging from 50 to 75 basis points, that’s been our target, and it remains our target over the next several years. 
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. Just getting back to the cost of goods sold, in terms of buying strategy and things of that nature, other things you can do to kind of leverage that? 
Joe Holsten: We are always certainly in the aftermarket side the business, and we are always in negotiations with new suppliers to seek out equivalent quality or improve quality products at the same or lower prices than what we’ve paid historically and we will continue those efforts. Probably I would say our focus in the next year or two will probably be more in the area of discounts, managing discounts very tightly with our customers, and that’s where I think, if we have some room to grow our gross margins is probably managing that aspect of our business pattern.
John Lovallo - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: If I could sneak one more quick one in. Your allowance for doubtful accounts has kind of crept up since the first quarter of 2008. Is that something that is kind of business mix related or what would you attribute that to?
Mark Spears:  I think it is just normal fluctuation.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets:  One question Joe. You touched on the supply, the auction being a little bit tighter, is that a function of total loss. Is it a function of fewer claims, is it a function of fewer vehicles in the park or is it a combination of all? Can you shed any color on that?
Joe Holsten : 
 : We would expect that to normalize I think during 2010 and we are beginning to see the usual seasonal improvement in the volume of product at the auctions, but we are also seeing pricing moving up pretty rapidly.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets:  Did that have an impact on gross margin for you in the quarter, I mean obviously you put up a solid gross margin number, but could there have been some possible drag just as a price at auction has increased to you?
Joe Holsten :  I don’t think so because most of what was going to our cost of goods line in the fourth quarter would have been what we bought during the third quarter and our third quarter buying was one of our lowest average cost quarters in the history of the company.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: So from an inventory standpoint and/or fill rate standpoint, do you still believe or feel that you are pretty confident that, that is not going to be an issue as we go through sort of the balance of this seasonally strong period.
Joe Holsten:  Well, certainly we are in very good shape on our aftermarket products. The fill rates there have improved nicely over the last 12 months. The recycled product are not in stock percentages as an average for plan or among the lowest we’ve seen, but I’d just say we remain vigilant to closely monitor the buying process we have coupled our markets, they are a little tighter on buying salvage right now than what we’d like to see, we think that’d probably correct itself here in the winter months as volumes spike in the first quarter. The other one known here is how many competitors have really been out of the auction market for five or six months? We are aware of many competitors who loaded their yards up with Cash for Clunker and quite frankly they were away from salvage auction pools for almost half the year. At some point, those competitors are back in the pools having really bought nothing, out of the pool for a while, so I think those buyers coming to market could create kind of a temporary blip in the salvage platform. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay and then may be if I could just ask a question on AQRP [ph], any update on how that’s progressing sort of any new additional participants that have been added and then how are you targeting that from a growth standpoint as we progress through this year and is this in any way going to help with sort of the noise that’s surrounding this rebar and everything else that’s going on with that after market piece of business?
Rob Wagman: We decided that what we are not going to be disclosing more details about our parts supply programs in the future. We believe that give us competitive advantage especially in light of as you said the noise on the rebar issue. We feel that our activity with our customer has increased dramatically concerning future program, so it’s fair to say that our activity with our customers was up greatly and it’s relating to programs and services we can offer them directly, so we think it’s a positive that there is so much activity with the carriers to create new programs for us with us. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, may be just one last follow-up. When you look at what Allstate did in signing sort of an exclusivity, is there an opportunity then in this side of the business to see some type of exclusivity given the broad range of parts you now have and access to parts that you have or is that something that may still remain rare. 
Rob Wagman: Well, we continue to push our one stop shop comes out with customers and we’re calling a bundling concept where we can supply all their alternative parts, so it is an opportunity for sure as people look to consolidate the amount of people they call, the amount of customer or vendors they have to deal with, so we believe that’s a very positive trend for us as well.
Joe Holsten: Maybe perhaps instead of focusing on exclusivity (inaudible) we are highly focus on all these being the first call.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Couple of questions just broad based. You mentioned the metro data showing the upswing in alternative part usage and it seems as though your organic growth throughout 2009 accelerated and yet your guidance is suggesting 6% to 8% organic growth in 2010, which is a bit of a deceleration on the growth side. Is that conservatism or are you seeing something perhaps in the second half that gives you a little bit of pause, because I’m guessing that the recent demand trend and snow in Q1 is going to continue to give you some pretty healthy growth rates at least in the first half. Can you give us a sense of what your thinking is for organic growth and the drivers of that 6% to 8%?
John Quinn: Well, certainly 2009 was pretty lumpy if you kind of go back to the quarter. So we saw at this point to kind of stick with the results we had averaged during 2009 was probably a reasonable way to present our business plan. I will say that the year started at a stronger pace than that in January. February, quite frankly, the weather has been full severe that it has actually resulted in some business closures for two or three days. But the business is certainly off to a stronger start than what we budgeted. 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James: Talk about the acquisition pipeline and John you mentioned the liquidity, but what are the chances of a deal of some size coming about in the next six to nine months or so?
John Quinn: It is interesting, I guess I’d say from the date that President Obama has made kind of an initial announcement of the budget package indicating the capital gains are going up, it seems like Walter Hanley’s phone started ringing the very next day. I would say that we are working the best backlog in late model salvage yard acquisitions that we’ve been working for some time. But that also means that these are modest deals. I think that’s okay, those have been kind of the bread and butter of our acquisition growth plan, I think we closed 85 transactions in 10 years. The business is really dissolves the unique skill set for rapid integrations of acquired businesses. So, personally I love to see businesses that are in $5 million to $10 million revenue range that have a lot of growth upside. We are seeing good opportunities in late model salvage, we will target two to three deals in the heavy-duty truck market in 2010. In the self-serve area we have a couple of Greenfields and progress right now on Georgia, Atlanta, North Carolina they are moving along well. We’re about ready to begin on in Texas and that business line will continue to target Greenfield as a way to grow our business.  We’ve looked at the Mexico market recently, we have been very impressed, but some of the insurance drivers they have successfully propelled the alternative of parts industry in the United States are live and well and being practiced aggressively in markets of Mexico. So, we are also entertaining an expansion into a couple of northern Mexican markets as well. However, the capital allocation priority clear in a way is into the U.S. and Canadian markets. 
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  Thank you. The other couple of questions real quick. CapEx in 2010, I know you mentioned there was a little bit of carry forward, but it seems a little heavy of that $85 million to $95 million if you could some specificity as to where some of that capital was headed and then finally you may have mention is in your prepared remarks, but the self-service retail vehicles process, did you have the number that would be great?
John Quinn:  On the capital, I will take that one maybe the, we have a number of fairly large projects around the Country where we just have grow the facilities, frankly. So, we are investing in some buildings in New York and some of our bigger facilities there is some spending on the IT associated with some of the projects that we are doing in that area. And obviously there is some carryover from Q4, (inaudible) but under last year what we had projecting some of that’s just carryover.
Joe Holsten:  In terms of the volumes into the self-service yards, I think we gave 56,000 of the number for the quarter, which was include to both Clunker cars and any crush on my cars.
Operator: Your next question is from Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Just wanted to ask just kind of a detailed question, I assume that's been really come up so it’s not a big deal, but in terms of some of the problems with Toyota, has that had any carry through to you in terms of any inventory risk?
Joe Holsten: We are probably accelerated pedals or accelerator systems and the break through the other issue, I think and we don’t sell breaking systems or pads, whether that is specific unit loss, we would have nothing on our book or on our general ledger for any of the products that’s been recalled?
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Or there wouldn’t be any flow through in terms of consumer demand maybe for that type of vehicle wanes a little bit at least temporarily in terms of whether that might have any impact on a broader basis for you?
Joe Holsten: I don't think so. The best we can sell even, I think the used vehicle pricing market for Toyota is actually held up pretty strongly, I was surprised by that that our flats checking on that, which was yesterday morning I don’t think there has been a lot of the moment yet.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Okay that's good enough. And then just wanted to push you a little bit Joe on the opportunity for some margin improvement you talked about kind of the general range that you had looking for historically, I would think with Keystone being kind of on a platform at this point that there would be some broader opportunity for some margin improvement throughout the organization in terms of maybe better leverage in terms of more cohesive buying power et cetera. I was just wondering if there was some possibility for a few extra twigs maybe not to first half of this year, but later this year.
Joe Holsten: And your focused on the gross margin?
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: No, more on the operating margin side.
Joe Holsten: Operating margin, I don’t feel, compelled or commit to something stronger than 30to 75 basis point range that’s kind of been the sweet spot of the company. Keep in mind that though we’re acquiring businesses all the time frequently when they come into the network industry they are slightly diluted to our margins and may take two years before you get them to run rate margins of the business. I mentioned our strategy and self-service operations typically to Greenfield and Greenfield operations typically lose money for the first three to five quarters and today’s accounting standards don’t allow you to put that in the balance sheet like you could a number of years back. It is certainly a strong focus of management and we’re always looking for new systems, new best practices, routing systems. We are consequently looking for ways to kind of reinvent and prove ourselves. I feel we have allowed to see something higher than 75 basis points in that and commit to you, we’re working our butts off to do that, that’s as far as I know prepared to go there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: So, you mentioned Mexico as an international opportunity, has the Board had a chance to review opportunities in Europe and if so, where does that sit and given all of the opportunities to have both in the U.S and outside the U.S?
Joe Holsten:   We will update the Board probably at our May meeting on the European markets as we see them. We continue to invest both our own time and to retain some consulting of systems in the European markets who better understand the insurance market, the legal situation, the status of policies, the consumer interest and how those variables maybe different by different countries with the larger car parks. And as I think, we’re rapidly coming to some conclusions on the market, certainly it is hard to know a market of that size, but they set up front. Certainly, the primary focus in 2010 is on the domestic market. We do believe that the increase in capital gains, they are almost coming in 2011, I think that will cerate a one-off opportunity and we certainly don’t want to miss a single good quality transaction in the United States, because I haven’t come on working on a deal in some place in Europe.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: That’s helpful and then I understand your desire not to reveal competitive information about your aftermarket programs, but could you just give us a sense for the revenue associated with any bumpers that you are not selling currently. Is it material?
Joe Holsten: I think you mean re-barred.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Yes. okay.
Joe Holsten: It is not material Frank, it is less than 0.5% of our overall revenue and one thing that I think we got to keep in mind is that there are substitutes available. We sell recycled, we have some OE take on and we have quite an extensive line of already tested products. So, the run into exposure is very minimal.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: And lastly, John I’d be interested in your perspective as somewhat of a newcomer to the business for opportunities you may see that you have had a chance to share with the company?
John Quinn: Well, I think that the main thing that we are looking at is just in terms of market share for individual and as where are we relative to what we think the capacity and the ability of the toe-end of those markets are. We are still working on the analysis, but I think those markets identify potential new Greenfield places, Joe mentioned and those are some of the bigger opportunities I think just to grow our leverage of the foot print that we have and to expand into some new geographical markets within the business. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: A quick question, regarding the service revenue that you kind of exclude from the recycling calculation. Can you just tell us what it was this year and what it was last year in dollars?
Joe Holsten:  Last year in 2009 it was around $12.12 million as I recall. I don’t have the number in front of me for the prior year, but I think it is safe to say that Q4 we had about $2 million to $3 million in that category and we expected to be in that neighborhood next year per quarter. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: And then, I know you don’t want to discuss specifics about the AQRP program, but any impact from the Ford settlement, there was suggestions before that, that could wind up helping you on a couple of different levels, certainly psychologically with some of your customers, without being specific, can you kind of talk about the impact that has had? 
John Quinn: Yes the Ford (inaudible) patented program is what you are talking about. There are about a couple of hundred parts that are in that program, it’s not like we have 60,000 skews, so it’s not a major impact whatsoever to the overall revenue. It obviously has provided us to have some exclusivity with our customers and of course with the manufactures as well, but in the grand scheme of things, it is a small amount of skews that are reflected by the whole process. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and then that the last quickie is, was there any benefit to the organic growth from the facilities you closed. I’m assuming you are able to keep some of that business, which is run through a different facility, so kind of that reverse cannibalization if you will, if there was any impact that?
Mark Spears:  Are you referring to the operation in the Schnitzer transaction? Well, we sold our self-service operations and we are essentially active at those businesses and those markets.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company:  You talked about the number of the vehicles that you bought at auction on the wholesale side. It sounds like it was down slightly versus a year ago? Could you talk about a price that you paid for these vehicles?
Mark Spears:  Yeah, looking sequentially, I had mentioned that the third quarter of this year was probably one of the lowest quarters we have ever experienced in our cost of cars. So, our cost for the fourth quarter is still a pretty low cost was up around 24% over the third quarter. If we are looking to quarter-on-quarter from a year ago, the cost was actually still down and down around 10% from a year ago.
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company:  And the volume you said was down modestly year-over-year?
Mark Spears:  Year-over-year, for the fourth quarter alone, we were just up very, very slightly. And that was probably what would have been on those solely due to the probably to the (inaudible).
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company:  And just lastly, could you just maybe take a step back and talk about how the trucks part businesses they are really starting to evolve right now. You have had about a year and a half to two years of making acquisitions there. Could you just talk about where you stand and how you plan to attack that business. 
Mark Spears:  The main work that we have been doing so far has been on identifying and selecting a common inventory management system to be used and we are in the midst of converting our seven facilities under that system right now. I think we have completed four of the seven and in conjunction with that our operating management in the field has been working on coming up with kind of all the nitty-gritty standard and inventory parts descriptions solely, but everything that comes with an engine would be different probably between every truck recycler in the United States. So, you have to define, when you buy an engine what all do you get? So a lot of the work that we've been doing has been on standard part description and how is it entered into system developing common inventory management systems. And then the next step will be to develop common pricing, because the pricing is varying between the markets. So exciting things as when that is competed and sales people across the country just like they do on the other side of the business are going to have visibility to the entire part network throughout LKQ that will not only include parts, but also old trucks, we do sell some old trucks. We think the system will be pretty powerful for the export buyers in particular and today an export buyer typically comes into Houston and they get on plane and they fly to Chicago and they fly to the West Coast and they stop at half a dozen truck cards before they build their shopping list.  So, certainly our hope is that what these foreign buyers will get into one of our facilities and they can save themselves travel time around the country and get what they expect. So, we continue to feel that the dynamics of the business will play out very attractively for our shareholders.
Joe Holsten: Okay. I appreciate that. I just want to thank everybody for joining the call today. And we’ll be back soon in about 60 days to overview our first quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn - Director of Investor Relations Joe Holsten - President and CEO Mark Spears, EVP and CFO John Quinn - Incoming Chief Financial Officer Rob Wagman - SVP of Operations, Wholesale Parts
Analysts: Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company
Operator:
 :
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our third quarter 2009 financial results. With me today from LKQ Corporation is Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Spears, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Quinn, incoming Chief Financial Officer and Rob Wagman, Senior VP of Operations, Wholesale Parts. Both Joe and Mark will provide some prepared remarks on our results and then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin with our discussion, I'd like to read the following. The statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising from the date on which it was made, except as required by law. Please refer to our 2008 Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Joe Holsten. Thank you.
Joe Holsten: Okay. Thanks, Sarah. I'll begin by just saying that I am truly pleased with our performance this quarter. In fact, the results reflect very good execution of our business plan. The performance was especially notable, given that it occurred in the third quarter, typically the seasonally weakest quarter of the year and against the third quarter 2008 that in itself had strong result. We delivered an earnings per share of $0.22, an increase of approximately 16% when you exclude the impact of the restructuring costs associated with the integration of Keystone and a fixed asset impairment tied to the self-service businesses and assets that we sold to Schnitzer Steel. Net income was $29.2 million, a 16.3% increase over the $25.1 million earned for the third quarter of 2008. Revenue for the quarter, excluding the other category, grew nearly 9% over the prior year. The Aftermarket and Refurbished segment led the revenue growth. As you might recall, on our last call in July I mentioned that we had started to see an increase in the growth rate of aftermarket product sales. This trend held throughout the quarter and has reflected in the results we report today. Aftermarket and Refurbished Organic revenue was up 11.3% for the third quarter over the prior year. A large part of the increase was due to increased inventory on hand. At the start of the year, we deliberately started to build inventory levels in anticipation of growth and the expansion of our quality assurance programs as well as (inaudible) to support our insurance customers. While we booked inventory to support higher fulfillment rates and push up aftermarket parts sales, it appears that our competitors took the opposite approach and reduced inventory. Last year, as the credit markets tightened, I pointed out that I believed LKQ would benefit relative to our competitors from the strength of our balance sheet. This appears to have been the case. A review we did with the major Taiwanese aftermarket manufacturers indicate that they are experiencing declines in 2009 revenue as compared to 2008. With our growth at over 11%, I believe we are taking market share from our competition. Inventory alone does not drive aftermarket sales. We also are beginning to see the benefit from the installation of our new salvage-yard management system on the desk of the recycled sales reps. Giving the sales reps better tools and information is helping them capture more revenue opportunity. The rollout of the new system is roughly halfway complete, and will continue through 2010. Finally, I would point out that Miles-driven appears to have stopped its decline, and was up modestly for both July and August. This could translate into an up-tick in claims and repairs. Turning to our recycled operations, revenue from our recycled products and services businesses increased 4.7% over the prior year. Organic revenue growth of recycled products was 6.6% in the third quarter of 2009 compared to the third quarter of 2008. However, we had a decline in services revenue related to providing towing and vehicle processing services to certain OEM subcontractors responsible for destroying vehicles. These services can be rather uneven by quarter and by year. The decline in services revenue in Q3 2009 from Q3 2008 was large enough to organically lower total recycled and related product and services revenue to a negative 2.1%. For 2009, our towing and vehicle processing services revenue was running at approximately only $3.5 million per quarter. During the third quarter, we purchased nearly 47,000 vehicles for dismantling by our wholesale operations, 14,000 of which were acquired under the Cash for Clunkers program. Excluding Cash for Clunkers cars, we bought 5% fewer cars than we did in 2008, as the supply in total was tight in a few selected markets. With good inventory levels on hand, we generated wholesale recycled parts organic revenue growth of 6.6%. The average cost per car acquired, backing out the impact of the Cash for Clunkers cars, declined nearly 7% as compared to the third quarter of 2008. During the quarter, we purchased 94,000 lower-cost self-service and crush-only cars, an increase of 5% over last year's third quarter purchases. We bought 15,000 Cash for Clunkers vehicles for our retail operations. Pick-Your-Part accounted for approximately 31,400 vehicles during the quarter compared to 11,600 in Q3 2008. Included in the car count for Q3 2009 are 12,100 vehicles purchased by locations that are now part of discontinued operations. The average cost of the retail self-service car was 34% lower than the average for the third quarter of 2008, reflecting the significant drop in scrap prices as compared to last year, but was 8% over the average we paid in Q2 2009. We feel that the third quarter 2009 self-service business result performed at an operating level that we would consider more normalized. The scrap prices we received and the costs we paid for cars were more in line with historical spread prior to the huge runup in scrap and car prices during the first nine months of 2008. In terms of commodities' impact on the business, the commodity markets including ferrous and non-ferrous metals and fuel experienced some upward movement during the quarter from levels earlier in the year. The price for crushed car bodies improved sequentially in the third quarter relative to the second quarter by approximately 31%. That trend line, however, appears to have stopped, and has been moving downward since the start of October. In terms of our insurance programs, insurance companies are increasingly seeking ways to address high claims costs. On our last earnings call, I spoke of some of the initiatives we have underway with insurance companies. For example, we recently signed an agreement with one carrier that gives us access to all of their salvage. This carrier, by using our complete alternative parts services, has attained a 49% alternative part utilization level. With the supply of recycled parts relatively finite, the growth in APU will come from greater use of aftermarket parts. On the call, I mentioned that we were in the negotiation phase with two carriers to participate in quality assurance program. A quality assurance program creates a customized universe of aftermarket products, with additional assurances from LKQ. While our insurance-grade aftermarket parts are sold with lifetime guarantee, under these programs we offer additional commitments and tracking mechanisms that provide greater comfort to insurance companies. Each of these programs is uniquely designed for each insurance company, and the carriers know we will stand behind our products in a way that only a company with $2 billion in sales is able to do. We executed a quality assurance program agreement with one of the two major auto insurance carriers I referenced last quarter, and are working with them to put the program into place for a quick start in Q4. Negotiations with the other major carrier continues and we are talking to a number of others about these program’s benefits. I anticipate we will have signed one more carrier into our customized program by the end of 2009 as we direct more attention towards Tier 2 and Tier 3 carriers. Keyless, our proprietary electronic parts interface is another program we offer that supports the increased sales of our aftermarket parts. To date, more than 2000 repair facilities have installed the software. Those facilities are able to use Keyless when preparing estimates to identify aftermarket part options and determine their availability in our warehouses. If they choose, they can go to a step further and buy it now. The order is typically filled and delivered by the next day. So far, it's been embraced by one of the major insurance carriers and a number of fleet operators, including some major rental car companies. We believe other companies will show interest once we demonstrate the success of Keyless.
 : On our last call, I mentioned that in July we purchased a small heavy-duty truck parts recycling business in Maryland, bringing the total number of truck facilities we own to six. In September, we acquired the assets of Superior Collision Parts with two well established aftermarket parts businesses in Atlanta and Pittsburgh and newer operations in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and Columbus Ohio. We are well into this process of integrating the operations into the local Keystone locations. (inaudible) annualized revenue was approximately $11 million. On October the 1st, we acquired Greenleaf from Schnitzer Steel. Under the agreement, we acquired their 17 wholesale operations located across the country. One of the Greenleaf locations will help us to fully enter the Virginia market, as we have attempted to do for some time. A few others provide locations that help us expand in a large market area or offer better facilities than we currently have in place. In the end, we anticipate we will consolidate up to 11 facilities. The acquisition offers us the opportunity to integrate the locations and customer base in our existing regional structure. We are installing our yard management systems in all 17 of the locations, so we can quickly bring them into our network and support higher fulfillment rates. This is targeted for completion before year end. Further benefits will come from areas such as removing duplicate overhead, consolidation of roads and our vehicle procurement efforts. Turning to the heavy duty truck business, we are progressing with the development of an integrated recycled truck parts and secured disposal business. The business has many similarities to the recycled auto parts business when LKQ first started. An optimal configuration is probably a broad network of ten to 15 locations spread throughout the United States. Currently we have six locations, mainly east of the Mississippi and looking for opportunities to enter the west. The operations continue to move toward becoming a more cohesive unit. We hope shortly to connect all of the locations to a common network inventory system. Today, inventory is accessible only at the local level. The network system will enable the locations to generate sales from outside of their stores and increase fulfillment rates. We have begun to centralize our buying efforts. While much of the purchasing is done at auctions, we continue to pursue secured disposal services for large national fleet operators. On future calls, I'll continue to provide updates on our progress. Organizationally, John Quinn joined LKQ earlier this month and he's already having a positive impact on the company. He’s currently spending literally time working alongside Mark, and will officially take over as Chief Financial Officer next week. When you meet John, I'm sure you'll agree he has the ability and skills to help move our company forward and we welcome him to our family today. And finally I want to thank Mark for the tremendous job he's done during his decade at LKQ. We'll miss him, yet certainly wish him well in his future pursuits. Speaking of Mark, I'd like to turn the call over to him at this point so he can go into more detail on our financial results and then we'll come back to answer questions.
Mark Spears: Good morning, everyone. As we did last quarter, we include a few additional tables that we believe are helpful as you evaluate our results. Before I begin, I would like to point out that the eight operations we are divesting or closing in junction with the transaction we entered into with Schnitzer Steel have been classified as discontinued operations in our financial statement. What this means is that the results of operations for these eight businesses have been removed from the section of our income statement shown as continuing operation and presented as one line item labeled as loss or income from discontinued operations net of tax. All of this presented, which are 2008 and 2009, reflect this accounting treatment. Looking at our income statement and the related tables, our third quarter revenue was up 2.7% to $494.8 million from $481.6 million in Q3 2008. For the first nine months of 2009, revenue grew 3.3% to $1.492 billion compared to $1.444 billion in the first nine months of 2008. For the third quarter, organic revenue declined 1.3%, which was primarily related to the effect on our other revenue category caused by the lower level of 2009 commodity prices as compared to the same period in 2008. However, excluding this other revenue category in our income statement, organic revenue growth was 5.5% in the quarter. For the first nine months of 2009, organic revenue declined 1.4%. However, excluding the other revenue category in our income statement, organic revenue growth was 6.1%. Gross margin for the third quarter of 2009 was 45.5%, which was up from 44% in the same period in 2008. On a nine month year-to-date basis, the gross margin for 2009 was 45.2% compared to 44.8% the same period in 2008. These improvements are primarily related to our aftermarket and self-service operations. Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased 2.9% or $1.4 million as compared to 2008. Facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue for the quarter was essentially flat at 9.8% versus 9.7% in 2008. On a nine month basis, facility and warehouse expense grew $11.9 million or 8.9% over 2008, and as the percentage of revenue was 9.7% compared to 9.2% in 2008. The percentage deterioration for these expenses for the nine months was related to our self-service operations as they run at a higher percentage of revenue for these types of costs, and in particular was primarily due to our acquisition of Pick-Your-Part in late August 2008. Distribution expenses for the quarter declined by $0.9 million or 1.9% from Q3 2008. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs decreased to 9.2% in Q3 2009 from 9.7% in the third quarter of 2008. On a nine month basis, distribution expenses declined by $3.9 million or 2.9% from 2008. As a percentage of revenue, it was 8.9% compared to 9.5% in 2008. The improvement in percentages of revenue is primarily related to lower fuel pricing in 2009. Selling, general and administrative expenses grew $5.5 million or 9.1% over the third quarter of 2008, and as a percentage of revenue, it was 13.3% in Q3 2009 compared to 12.5% in Q3 2008. Expense growth of $2.3 million was related to business acquisitions. On a nine month basis, SG&A expenses grew by $13.2 million or 7.1% from 2008 and as a percentage of revenue it was 13.3% compared to 12.8% in 2008. Expense growth of $9.8 million was related to business acquisitions. During the quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $852,000 as part of operating expenses, all of which are related to the Keystone acquisition. This primarily related to changes in estimated lease buyout or sublease assumption on abandoned leased aftermarket facilities. Our operating income was $56 million in Q3 2009 compared to $48.2 million in Q3 2008. On a nine month basis, operating income was $171.7 million in 2009 compared to $163.3 million in 2008. Excluding restructuring expenses, we improved operating margins by 100 basis points in the quarter. In Q3 2009 our self-service facilities improved sequentially on improved scrap steel pricing. The margins on the self-service business improved on the higher and more normalized scrap prices that we saw. In Q3 2009, total revenue for our self-service business and continuing operations was $44.3 million or 8.9% of total LKQ's revenue. Approximately 42% of this revenue was included in recycled and related products, reflecting part-related sales, and 58% was included in other revenue, comprising core and scrap sales. Back in Q3 2008, our self-service business in the continuing operations had revenue of $45.4 million. Approximately 29% of this was included in recycled and related products, reflecting part-related sales, and 71% was included in other revenue. Looking further down the income statement, we show net interest expense in Q3 2009 of $7.8 million as compared to $8.2 million in Q3 2008. For the first nine months of 2009, net interest expense was $23.1 million compared to $26.9 million in the same period of 2008. These decreases are a result of lower interest rates and lower debt balances, due primarily to scheduled debt payments. The Q3 2009 pretax income from continuing operations was $48.3 million for the quarter compared to $40 million for the same quarter in 2008. The nine month pretax income from continuing operations was $148.8 million in 2009 compared to $137.1 million in 2008. Our effective tax rate was 39.1% for the first nine months of 2009 and 39.6% for the first nine months of 2008. Excluding various changes in discreet benefits or reserves, the effective tax rate would have been 39.3% in 2009 compared to 39.1% in 2008. Looking at the makeup of our discontinued operations in Q3 2009, we recorded an after tax loss from discontinued operations of $1 million compared to an after tax income of $1.1 million for the same quarter last year. Within Q3 (inaudible) loss is a fixed asset impairment of $3.5 million on a pretax basis, or $2.2 million after tax. Without this charge, the net income from discontinued operations in Q3 2009 would have been comparable to Q3 2008. Our total 2009 net income was $29.2 million for the third quarter compared to $25.1 million for the same quarter in 2008. The nine month total net income was $90.3 million in 2009 compared to $86.9 million in 2008. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.20 for Q3 2009 compared to $0.18 in Q3 2008. For the nine months of 2009, our diluted earnings per share was $0.63 compared to $0.62 in 2008. However, the impact of restructuring expenses and the fixed asset impairment was $0.02 in Q3 this year and the impact of restructuring expenses was $0.01 in Q3 2008. With this discontinued operations, excluding the Q3 2009 fixed asset impairment was a $0.01 of EPS in Q3 2009 and a $0.01 of EPS in Q3 2008 as well. Our diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for calculating EPS were as follows; Q3 2009 at 144 million shares versus Q3 2008 at 141.2 million, the first nine months of 2009 at 143.7 million shares versus 140.5 million in 2008. Shifting our focus to the cash flow table, we generated $135.5 million in cash from operations in the first nine months of 2009. We grew our inventory in the first nine months by close to $24 million, with this growth being primarily related to aftermarket and refurbished products. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2009, excluding business acquisitions were $29 million. Cash used to acquire businesses for the first nine months was $18.6 million. During the first nine months, we issued approximately 1.2 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in $10.7 million in cash, which includes related tax benefits. Taking a look at the balance sheet as of September 30, 2009, debt at the end of Q3 2009 was $635.6 million. That included $631.3 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $166 million at the end of September 2009. As of the close of business on October 27, we had approximately $140 million in cash and equivalent. As many of you know, we have a revolving credit facility of $115 million, provided under a secured credit facility. In October, we agreed to an amendment with our bank group to allow Lehman Commercial Paper to remove itself from its $15 million revolver funding commitment and to resign as the administrative agent. Deutsche Bank has accepted the administrative agent role. Today we have $8.9 million of borrowings under this line. And there are approximately $25.8 million of letters of credit that are back-stabbed by this facility, thereby reducing the availability for future borrowings at September 30, 2009 to approximately $65.3 million, which we believe is sufficient for our liquidity needs. Let's move to our 2009 financial guidance. In light of the current economic environment and its impact on collision repair trends, we anticipate our annual organic revenue growth for 2009 excluding the other revenue category that we show in our financial tables to grow at a rate of 6% to 8%. Excluding the impact of restructuring expenses or the impact of the fixed asset impairments and gains related to the transaction with Schnitzer, we anticipate our full year 2009 net income will be in the range of $120 million to $124 million and earnings per share will be in the range of $0.83 to $0.86. It is important to note we are talking about total net income. That means net income from continuing operations and discontinued operations. The income associated with the business that is divested or closed in the Schnitzer transaction is included in these numbers and will be lost on a go-forward basis, most in Q4 2009, and the balance with the sale of the two self-serve yards in January. However, we expect that when Greenleaf is fully integrated, it will more than replace the earnings associated with the divested operations. We previously announced we expect that the net impact from the operations divested and the impact of Greenleaf to be $0.01 dilutive in Q4 this year, but would be $0.02 accretive next year, excluding the effect of restructuring, the fixed asset impairment and any gains associated with the transaction. We've delivered very good Q3 results. We mentioned that we got a boost from a jump in steel prices in our self-service business in Q3 this year. We have since seen prices soften $20 to $30 per ton, so we expect that business to be a little softer in Q4. Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing and discontinued operations for 2009 is projected to be approximately $150 million. The company estimates 2009 capital expenditures from continuing and discontinued operations related to property and equipment, excluding expenditures of acquiring businesses will be between $65 million to $70 million. This CapEx guidance is lower than our previous guidance due primarily to a self-service facility that was closed in October. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding are anticipated to be approximately $144 million for 2009. Share numbers are estimates, and will be affected by factors such as future stock issuances, the number or options exercised in subsequent periods and changes in the stock price. I will now turn back to Joe for some closing comments.
Joe Holsten: Okay, Mark. Again, I'm very pleased with the performance of our business during the quarter. The aftermarket and refurbished business realized excellent organic revenue growth of 11.3% in part due to strong inventories as well as a cohesive selling structure. Organic revenue growth of 6.6% for recycled products shows we continue to have opportunities for growth here as well and with the acquisition of Greenleaf, this group will only get stronger. With the insurance industry anxious to reduce costs and an economically-strapped American consumer focused on value, I believe our product lines are well positioned for solid growth in the current economic environment. I'd like to thank you for joining us today and ask Daniela to open up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions.) Our first question does come from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello : One of the things, Joe, you referred to multiple times in the commentary was the level of interaction with the insurance companies wanting to utilize more aftermarket parts. Is this incremental from what we've seen over the last multiple years? Are you seeing a period now where they are wanting to accelerate that utilization rate given the macro factors that are underway?
 BB&T Capital Markets: One of the things, Joe, you referred to multiple times in the commentary was the level of interaction with the insurance companies wanting to utilize more aftermarket parts. Is this incremental from what we've seen over the last multiple years? Are you seeing a period now where they are wanting to accelerate that utilization rate given the macro factors that are underway?
Joe Holsten: I think I would look at this as incremental and a stronger momentum maybe than what we've seen over the last few years. As we've discussed on some of the prior call, the insurance industry has gone through several years of pretty bleak returns, at least what I read in the public data that's available. I don't know that anyone's really getting increases in their premiums. The battlefield is really in the cost-containment side of the equation. We believe our business model is ideally suited as it could be to play in that space and to participate and we see an entire industry where the APU is going to be continuing to go up. It's been moving about 100 basis points a year. Our first glimpse of the last data from the two or three large data providers for the industry suggest this year that the move could be a couple of hundred basis points. At the moment, we think there could be acceleration.
Tony Cristello : In those discussions, are you seeing any more of a proactive response out of State Farm?
 BB&T Capital Markets: In those discussions, are you seeing any more of a proactive response out of State Farm?
Joe Holsten: No. Do you want me to elaborate on that?
Tony Cristello : I figured we haven't talked about that in a while and I didn't know if anything had changed.
 BB&T Capital Markets: I figured we haven't talked about that in a while and I didn't know if anything had changed.
Joe Holsten: No. We've really reoriented a lot of our focus more toward the Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. They're nimble, they can make decisions quick. We're really putting more of our (inaudible) in our marketing efforts toward the smaller insurance carriers right now.
Tony Cristello : When you look at Greenleaf, it seems like there's certainly an opportunity. Have you or could you disclose what your purchase price was for Greenleaf? When you look at the yards at Greenleaf, can you sort of compare and contrast those yards with what the traditional LKQ yard would look like maybe just a structural standpoint, as well as what it would look like from a profitability or an EBIT standpoint?
 BB&T Capital Markets: When you look at Greenleaf, it seems like there's certainly an opportunity. Have you or could you disclose what your purchase price was for Greenleaf? When you look at the yards at Greenleaf, can you sort of compare and contrast those yards with what the traditional LKQ yard would look like maybe just a structural standpoint, as well as what it would look like from a profitability or an EBIT standpoint?
Joe Holsten: I'll probably ask Rob to participate in this answer as well. I just want to start off by saying we're really happy with the transaction. We picked up roughly $115 million in revenue and we've paid a little less than $40 million in consideration for it. Any way you look at it, what we pay for the business, we paid either less than the book value or we paid less than the fair market value of the assets, so just starting off with the transaction as a whole, we're pleased. You’ve seen us over the last two years, we've never been overly concerned about a competitor replicating our business model. It has always been on my mind that if anyone wanted to do it, picking up Greenleaf's 17 yards sure would have been a good stepping stone to getting it done in the process. I think we've kind of closed that out as well. I guess in terms of looking at the Greenleaf yards compared to the LKQ facilities, they're generally smaller. You can do the math, $115 million in revenue spread over 17 facilities leaves you quite a bit short of the LKQ size of yard. The gross margins of the business run a few hundred basis points less than LKQ's. Our target is by about the third quarter to have kind of eaten through their inventory and just start to reflect more of an LKQ historical gross margin level. As for sort of the synergy and integration issues, I’ll let Rob speak to that because I know that's kind of embedded in your question.
Rob Wagman: Tony, Greenleaf certainly had a noticeable presence in all of the markets they were in. We just felt they were too geographically dispersed to get the economies of scale that we can now get with LKQ. Some of the benefits we expect to see pretty quickly, higher fuel rates just by the sheer increase in the inventory available to both sales reps from both companies. Greenleaf had developed some preferential relationships with some of the OEs, which will fit nicely into LKQ's relationships with some of the OEs. The merging of the locations certainly will allow us to gain personnel and distribution synergies. As Joe mentioned, those have already begun. Everyone of the Greenleaf locations are being plugged into the distribution network at LKQ. As of today, we have five locations already converted to our operating system, with two locations actually where we've merged the sales force. In terms of buying, we think of it in the terms of volume, potentially open to us, as we migrate the Greenleaf facilities to LKQ's operating model, they'll fall into our buying matrix and the sheer number of requests that we can now bring together with the two companies should allow us better buying opportunities as well. Our conversion schedule, we have it pretty much being done by the end of the year, our IT conversion. We really can't move the physical merging of the facilities together until that's accomplished, but we expect by January 1 to have all the IT conversions done. And then we'll move forward on bringing physically the facilities together that we mentioned earlier on the call.
Tony Cristello : It sounds like there's a lot of opportunity, both to leverage existing infrastructure as well as drive incremental profits in their existing network.
 BB&T Capital Markets: It sounds like there's a lot of opportunity, both to leverage existing infrastructure as well as drive incremental profits in their existing network.
Joe Holsten: As an example I'll just read a couple of sentences from an e-mail the manager of a Fort Worth store sent to me a few days ago. He says, Joe, I've already seen a slight increase in the close rate that I attribute to the added inventory. I expect that the slight increase will become even more significant as we convert to LKQ's [Checkmate] system, adding more visibility and ease to purchase parts between the sites. I find the technology and operational innovation to be very impressive. The [wireless] inventory system is fantastic. Inventorying using this system is cost and time saving. The barcode scanning to track parts is amazing. Just kind of some unsolicited views from one of the Greenleaf managers 15 days into the deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli : Was the aftermarket business impacted all from the new carrier relationship? Or was that kind of subsequent to the results in the quarter?
 RBC Capital Markets: Was the aftermarket business impacted all from the new carrier relationship? Or was that kind of subsequent to the results in the quarter?
Mark Spears: No, that's only results in the quarter. I think you're referring probably to the latest quality assurance program we signed. That was really signed after the end of the quarter. And we're actually just into rollout of that right now.
Scot Ciccarelli : Can we just flush out the recycled service piece a little bit more? What was the total impact in the third quarter? Maybe more importantly, was there any sizeable impact in the fourth quarter of last year that we should try and account for?
 RBC Capital Markets: Can we just flush out the recycled service piece a little bit more? What was the total impact in the third quarter? Maybe more importantly, was there any sizeable impact in the fourth quarter of last year that we should try and account for?
Mark Spears: It was about $14 million impact between Q2 and Q3 on the services revenue. Like we said, those kind of contracts tend to be a little lumpy quarter-to-quarter. We're running on average right now about $3.5 million in revenue in 2009 for those type of service agreements. We don't really have a big bulge in there when you start looking at '09. We think that'll continue at that level up into 2010 plus.
 :
Scot Ciccarelli : When you guys are providing your 68% organic growth for recycled and aftermarket, we're excluding that segment of the business, I'm assuming.
 RBC Capital Markets: When you guys are providing your 68% organic growth for recycled and aftermarket, we're excluding that segment of the business, I'm assuming.
Mark Spears: Yes. The 6.6%, yeah, because it's less of a drop Q4 to Q4, we would expect the recycling -- the total recycling including the services to be in the positive range.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Sam Darkatsh : A couple of housekeeping -- the $40 million in consideration, Joe, is that net of the divested businesses? Or is that just the purchase price of Greenleaf? I'm -- I just -- I tried to reconcile the cash on hand now versus the cash at the end of September. And it looks like it was a $27 -- $26 million deal. So I was just trying to reconcile the two.
 Raymond James: A couple of housekeeping -- the $40 million in consideration, Joe, is that net of the divested businesses? Or is that just the purchase price of Greenleaf? I'm -- I just -- I tried to reconcile the cash on hand now versus the cash at the end of September. And it looks like it was a $27 -- $26 million deal. So I was just trying to reconcile the two.
Joe Holsten: No we paid a little less than $40 million for the Greenleaf business and then Greenleaf paid us.
Mark Spears: About $18 million.
Joe Holsten: For the self-service, yeah.
Mark Spears: For what we sold in Q4. There'll be some more consideration in January, of course, when we sell the other two yards.
Sam Darkatsh : Do you have a net impact of Cash for Clunkers all in, Mark?
 Raymond James: Do you have a net impact of Cash for Clunkers all in, Mark?
Mark Spears: The net impact for Cash and Clunkers? No. I mean, we're feeding them into our business. Are you saying like how much that'll increase our earnings if there wasn't a Cash for Clunker program?
Sam Darkatsh : What was the impact in Q3, or the overall impact ultimately, once everything's said and done if you have?
 Raymond James: What was the impact in Q3, or the overall impact ultimately, once everything's said and done if you have?
Mark Spears: Well, I mean to be honest, most of the wholesale cars Joe mentioned that were Cash for Clunkers really started coming in more in September. So I'm not that sure they did a whole lot on the wholesale side. Self-serve started coming in a little sooner. Nothing came in, in July. They started coming in in August.
Joe Holsten: I think, Sam, you probably need to look at the Clunker cars as being kind of substitute vehicles as opposed to incremental vehicles. The quality of the cars ended up being significantly greater than anybody in the market had anticipated. While they certainly won't generate the same amount of revenue per car as a typical car that you would see at our wholesale yards, they're certainly kind of more like about 50% of a car. So operationally I'm looking at these as being cars that are substituted for the normal auction cars, which kind of help us in the auction environment during the quarter.
Sam Darkatsh : In the fourth quarter, the crushed auto body steel prices look like they switched back to inflation pretty sharply on a year-on-year basis. At what point does that begin to hit your results? Is there a quarter lag? Or would we see a fairly sharp growth year-on-year in that other segment in Q4?
 Raymond James: In the fourth quarter, the crushed auto body steel prices look like they switched back to inflation pretty sharply on a year-on-year basis. At what point does that begin to hit your results? Is there a quarter lag? Or would we see a fairly sharp growth year-on-year in that other segment in Q4?
Mark Spears: You're saying Q4 pricing '09 to Q4 pricing '08?
Sam Darkatsh : Q4 to Q4. That's correct. At least with the services that I look at for the steel crushed auto body prices, it looks like Q4 is where we start to lap very low year-on-year prices and so the negative should turn into a positive, I'm just trying to figure out when that would hit your income statement?
 Raymond James: Q4 to Q4. That's correct. At least with the services that I look at for the steel crushed auto body prices, it looks like Q4 is where we start to lap very low year-on-year prices and so the negative should turn into a positive, I'm just trying to figure out when that would hit your income statement?
Mark Spears: If you want Q4 to Q4, we expect $40 more in Q4 '09 per ton, then back in Q4 in '08 it was awfully low. We had some really low months there. So Q4 '09 is going to have higher scrap pricing than Q4 '08 from what we can see. It's going to be down a little bit, like I mentioned $20 to $30 a ton from Q3.
Joe Holsten: Yes, we saw it move down in October and it we're anticipating another reduction in November.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: On the Greenleaf revenue, a $115 million, any way to quantify how much of that revenue was benefiting from rising steel prices and what it might be on a normalized basis?
Mark Spears: Well, it would certainly be a little lower, because '09 had lower scrap prices. It started coming up a little bit in July and August and their year end was August. Yes, I don't have how much revenue would go up because of scrap prices, you're talking about in Q4 next year?
Joe Holsten: Craig, they're all wholesale cars. There's no self-service component. Greenleaf may have been buying a slightly less expensive car than the LKQ facilities. If you remember some of our early slides, we’d indicate that 90% of our revenue was typically parts and 10% and less was cars and scrap and other byproducts. I would think that the Greenleaf yard revenue mix would be pretty similar to that. It couldn't be too far off of it.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: With respect to the aftermarket opportunity in those locations, is there an opportunity for you to layer in additional revenues by adding aftermarket? Or is that already something you've done in those markets?
Joe Holsten: It would and will be a new product line that will be available to the Greenleaf reps and to the extent Greenleaf had customers who were not doing business with LKQ's sales organization, certainly there's a greater product line offering to offer to our customers.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: With respect to the Clunker cars that you purchased, give a sense for what the discount you were able to achieve by buying those cars through that program on a per-car basis?
Joe Holsten: There are probably two answers to that, Craig. One, about 50% of what we're in up about 40,000 units. About half of those are going to go to the self-service yards. Those cars are costing our self-service yard managers probably 15% to 20% more than what they're paying for cars off the street. It's our view that they're worth it, because they have significant part -- everything on the cars are good, except for the crush-only vehicles. There aren't that many of them. So not only are they driving higher part sales at the self-service yards, it's actually attracting an expanded customer base and we're seeing new customers coming into the U-Pull-It yards who operate independent garages and they're buying parts in our self-service yards. At the wholesale yards, we typically pay the $1,400 to $1,500 range for cars at the wholesale operations, our managers are buying these cars for between $300 and $350. They're going to break for, $1,500 on average. Some will go well over $2,000, but I'm just going to pick an average of $1,500 for today. I think that's probably about as much color as I can put on that for right now.
Joe Holsten: I will remind you that obviously there's no motor to sell in these units. So there is a little bit of a takeaway.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Lawrence with Morgan Keegan.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan: Joe, to follow on Tony's first question about the industry, as you pointed out on the OEs, that part distribution service didn’t seem is at risk as it once was. The price differential has always been there between your product and what they're doing. What are some of the other issues that are on the table? Is it routes, is it distribution other than just price that get hung up in these negotiations?
Joe Holsten: You're referring why the quality assurance programs take a lengthy period of time to pull together?
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan: Yes.
Rob Wagman: Yes. John, I think it's an industry that is conservative and we just want to dot their I’s and cross their t’s. And there's a lot of negotiations. These quality assurance programs are specifically designed and tailored for our customers based upon the process that they use to estimate a car. So every one's different. So we really need to sit down and work through the details of how it's going to be applied to that carrier.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan: Obviously, they understand and have understood the price differential for a long time. It's just how to execute the plan?
Rob Wagman: Exactly, yeah. They certainly understand the price differentiations that are attainable. It's just working through all the details of how to apply to their particular situation.
John Lawrence - Morgan Keegan: Joe, you mentioned third quarter on Greenleaf, their inventory is out. So most of that couple of [pennies] would be in the second half is basically where you pick up that accretion.
Joe Holsten: Yes, I think that's a fair assessment, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom (inaudible) with Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst: Joe, you laid out some nice details on signing the carriers, one additional carrier signed in Q4 and thoughts on signing another in this quarter as well. I was just wondering your thoughts on the timing as far as converting those business over to you guys?
Joe Holsten: It'll be very gradual. These have pretty long rollouts. There are visits required to a significant number of repair shops. They're not quick rollouts. Let me just leave it at that. These are (inaudible) to roll these things out and you have compliances. Let's face it, some insurance carriers get out a pretty big stick in their DRP programs and they're really in the sharp space if they're not complying with whatever requirements the insurance carriers may have. The other carriers are kind of lax in terms of their enforcement of even their most basic of part usage programs.
Unidentified Analyst: Over the last two quarters you've seen some nice expansion of gross margin in the 45.5% range. Just wondering your thoughts on that level going forward, if that remain sustainable as far as what should be expected?
Joe Holsten: The recycled parts business we should continue to see pretty good results over the next year to kind of the recent levels. We've enjoyed a fairly good buying year. The self-service business obviously has been a little bit of a rollercoaster in the last year as I think Mark indicated and I did. My scrap was a belief that if we look at the third quarter in and of itself, and if you were to kind of go back say to second and third quarter of 2007, I think you'd see pretty much the same relationship in kind of what we're paying for cars and the amount we're getting for scrap. Just the spread in that environment is pretty much back to what we were seeing in 2007. Certainly in the aftermarket parts, we've picked up some gains in our aftermarket margins, I think part of that coming from the fact that we've added to our product lines what we refer to as a value-line product that's probably benefited us slightly. So I would see aftermarket margins being pretty steady into 2010 as well.
Joe Holsten: I think we'll do one more question and call it a call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Hey, Joe, you kind of laid out a bunch of really nice tailwinds that it appears heading into 2010, whether it's with the insurance programs, more of the benefits of the greater integration with Keystone and getting the greater aftermarket growth, as well as now with Greenleaf. It really sounds like there's a lot of reason for optimism. I know that there's a lot of variables and too early to give guidance, but it kind of sounds like that there's a lot of potential for the growth rate to maybe be above average heading into 2010. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that.
Joe Holsten: Well, we'll be able to put a little more color on that in 90 days. We are into our budgeting process. As a matter of fact, Monday morning we officially kicked off budget review season. So it'll be our first opportunity along with John and Rob and myself over the next four to six weeks, and get a lot of really great feedback from our line management in terms of what they're seeing in the marketplace. Yes, I agree that it certainly feels like we've got a little wind behind us right now, but I'd really like to get a direct feedback from our line management and our sales organization before we start moving kind of our guidance around.
Joe Holsten: All right, I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and your interest in LKQ. I look forward to covering our Q4 results and our 2010 guidance in just about four months.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you.
Mark Spears: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 18:45:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn - Director, Investor Relations Joe Holsten - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Spears - EVP and Chief Financial Officer Rob Wagman - VP of Operations, Wholesale Parts
Analysts: Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company 
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the LKQ Corporation Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Sarah Lewensohn, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you, Ms. Lewensohn, you may begin.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2009 financial results. With me today, from LKQ Corporation is; Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Spears, EVP and Chief Financial Officer; and Rob Wagman, VP of Operations, Wholesale Parts.  In addition, to those that are listening by telephone, we’re providing an audiocast via the website. Both forms will have replays available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to read the following: the statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our 2008 Form 10-K, and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC, and the press release we issued this morning for more information on potential risks. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Mr. Joe Holsten.
Joe Holsten: As Sarah said, in addition to Mark and myself on today's call, we also have Rob Wagman, our VP of Operations for Wholesale Parts. Both Mark and I have prepared remarks that we would like to share with you, and then afterwards, all three of us will be available to address your questions. We delivered a good and solid second quarter. The quarter started out with a relatively weak April, revenue grew as the quarter progressed. For the full quarter, we generated a net income of $29 million on revenue of $493 million. Excluding the other revenue category, LKQ reported revenue of $447 million, an 11.5% increase, as compared to the second quarter of 2008. The organic growth rate, excluding the other revenue was 7.7%.  Aftermarket and refurbished revenue was up 8.1% over the second quarter of 2008. The organic aftermarket and refurbished revenue growth for the same period was 7.9%. Anticipating the potential for OEM replacement part shortages, we deliberately expanded our aftermarket inventory levels. As a result, we were able to increase our sell through rate as compared to the first quarter, so it appears the strategy of higher inventories has paid off. Revenue from our recycled products and services business, both wholesale and retail combined, increased 16.6% over the prior year. On a same-store basis, it was up 7.3%. The balance of the increase was attributable to acquisitions; the largest of which was the purchase of Pick-Your-Part. Focusing on wholesale operations first, throughout much of the second quarter the availability of total lost vehicles was very good. We purchased just over 37,000 cars during the quarter, an increase of almost 15%, as compared to the second quarter of '08. On a year-to-date basis, we acquired 10% more cars. The average cost per acquired car was down 16.5%, as compared to the first six months of 2008, reflecting significantly lower scrap values embedded into the actual prices paid. Shipping to our self service retail and crush-only operations, during the quarter, we purchased 82,600 lower cost self service and crush-only cars, an increase of 11% over last year's second quarter purchases. Approximately 30,000 of the purchased cars were through Pick-Your-Part such that, in fact, same store volume was actually down quarter-on-quarter. We are still working to achieve higher car volume, while also improving our gross margins. While the spreads between the average cost per self serviced car and the associated proceeds from the scrap narrowed slightly, it remains wider than we believe is sustainable in the long run. The self service operations did do a good job of selling deeper into the car before crushing the vehicle for scrap, and were able to maintain on a same store basis, flat part sales revenue during the quarter over the same period in 2008 despite the decline in car buying. Miles driven for April and May were flat to slightly up, probably due to relatively stable fuel costs, yet we believe collision claims continue to be down for the quarter, even with flat miles driven. We were able to confirm this with one of the larger carriers who indicated that claims were down 3.5% for the quarter, as compared to the same period a year ago, although we have also seen a report suggesting that claims experienced leveled-off in the month of June. The commodities market, including ferrous and non-ferrous metals and fuel were relatively flat throughout much of the quarter with modest increases occurring late in June. Demand for scrap was primarily overseas, from overseas, and led to wide variations in crushed car body prices depending on the shredder's distance to a Port City. With the start of the third quarter, there appears to be some upward movement in demand and pricing for metals. I'm not certain how sustainable the demand will be. Interestingly, scrap prices have still not recovered to even early 2007 levels. The autos industry went through significant changes during the quarter. GM and Chrysler both filed for bankruptcy protection, emerging as new companies in the same quarter. Chrysler began shutting down dealerships, and GM began the process of notifying dealers whose dealerships would be extended. The challenges for the auto industry continue, while the OEMs and the Tier 1 suppliers have for the most part been able to obtain financing. The Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers, however, have not benefited from government support. There is a concern that these suppliers, many of whom are private, so they do not file public financial statements, may have liquidity issues as production as the 2010 model year begins. The last twelve months have been very lean for them, so they may not have much in the way of cash reserve. For the insurance industry, we’re continuing to meet with insurance companies to take about ways that LKQ can support their business objectives, help manage cost, and address the potential for parts shortages, which could lead to longer repair times and higher claims costs. Most insurance carriers do write aftermarket parts to various degrees, but as we mentioned on our last call; a number are looking at ways that they can increase their usage rates. One of our solutions to this is a program we call, Assured Quality Replacement Parts or AQRP; that provides quality assurances for a much larger universe of parts than those certified under other programs. Using AQRP has helped one of the top ten carriers reach an alternative part usage rate of 45%, the highest we are aware of in the industry. Over the last 90 days, we have made significant progress with a couple other top 10 carriers, and are hopeful that they will sign up with our AQRP program before the end of this year. Keyless, our proprietary electronic lookup and ordering program, is increasing sales of our aftermarket parts. Under its use, we have found accuracies improve and the need for supplements is nearly eliminated. It is moving out of the pilot stage with a major insurer, and it will be installed in all of their DRP locations, and on the computer systems of their staff adjusters. We are also seeing continued growth and usage by two rental car companies, both of whom also use Keyless. We announced a couple of key changes into our organization during the quarter. First, Rob Wagman was appointed the Vice President of Operations, Wholesale Parts Division. In this newly created role, Rob was oversight of our late model recycled parts operations, our aftermarket business, and our refurbished bumper cover and wheel operations. Rob has been with LKQ since its creation, coming aboard with the acquisition of Triplett in 1998. Over the past 18 months, Rob worked diligently with me to integrate Keystone into LKQ's operations, and took on the role of Vice President of Aftermarket Operations. I believe that the next step, major step forward for LKQ will be marked by a change in the aggressiveness of the alternative parts usage programs of a number of insurance carriers. Rob will lead the operations through the next phase of our evolution and growth as he brings forth a unique combination of systems marketing and operational knowledge that will be needed to take advantage of the changes that, I believe, are in the making. We also announced that Mark Spears has decided to resign at the end of this year for personal reasons, a request I accepted with great reluctance. In his role as CFO, Mark led the development and implementation of the essential financial and accounting components for LKQ including our control and financial reporting systems, and helped to build a strong field financial management organization that we have in place today. Mark's successor will find a financial organization that is in excellent condition. Mark will continue in his role until we have identified his successor, and then will remain involved in a more limited role as a consultant to LKQ. I believe we are well on the way to find a successor, and expect to have such person selected and onboard before our next earnings call. With Rob in his new role and Mark's targeted departure, I will be committing more of my time in Investor Relations activities until we have a new CFO in place and firmly grounded in the fundamentals of our business, as well as LKQ's growth and development activities, particularly in heavy-duty trucks. In July, we acquired a small, but strategically located heavy-duty truck parts recycling business in Maryland, bringing the total number of truck facilities to six. While this business had only $2 million of historical annual revenue, it provides a presence in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States near a major Port City. The heavy-duty recycled truck parts market provides a logical growth opportunity for LKQ. For an industry with lots of owner operators, the use of recycled truck parts, estimated at $1.5 billion annually offers a strong value proposition to cost conscious customers. We are also focused on providing secure disposal services for large, national fleet operators and have contracts with two sizable fleet operators. Lastly, many of you have asked what the anticipated impact of the cars or cash for clunkers program will be. Since the final rules were issued just this past Friday, we have been fielding inquiries, and have begun to take delivery of trade-ins under the program. From the number of inquiries we have received thus far, for the period, the program may actually reach its targeted trade-in of about 250,000 vehicles well within the three months allotted for the program. Our self service and full service vehicle recycling locations are working with participating auto dealers to comply with the requirements of the CARS Act and to secure salvage for our business operations. At this point, I would like to ask Mark to walk through the financial results in more detail for the quarter.
Mark Spears: As we did last quarter, we included a few additional tables that we believe are helpful as you evaluate our results. Looking at our income statement and the related tables, our second-quarter revenue was up 1.7% to $498.2 million, from $484.4 million in Q2 2008.  For the first six months of 2009, revenue grew 3.5% to $1 billion, compared to $976.3 million in the first half of 2008. For the second quarter, organic revenue declined 3.3%, and was primarily related to the effect on our other revenue category caused by the low level of 2009 commodity prices, compared to the same period in 2008, and lower volumes of self service and crush-only vehicles. However, excluding this other revenue category in our income statement, organic revenue growth was 7.7% for the quarter. For the first six months of 2009, organic revenue declined 1.9%. However, excluding the other revenue category in our income statement, organic revenue growth was 6.3%. Gross margin for the second quarter of 2009 was 45.4%, which was consistent with the same period in 2008. On a six month year-to-date basis the gross margin for 2009 was 45.2%, compared to 45.4% for the same period in 2008. Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased 12.8%, or $5.6 million as compared to 2008. Facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue for the quarter was 10% versus 9% in 2008. On a six month basis, facility and warehouse expense grew $11.8 million or 13.3% over 2008, and as a percentage of revenue it was 9.9%, compared to 9% in 2008. The percentage deterioration for these expenses in the quarter and for the six months was related to our self service operations as they run at a higher percentage of revenue for these type of costs. In particular, it was primarily due to our acquisition of Pick-Your-Part on August 25, 2008. Distribution expenses for the quarter declined by $2.4 million from Q2 2008. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs decreased to 8.7% in the quarter from 9.4% in the second quarter of 2008. On a six month basis, distribution expense declined by $2.6 million, or 2.9% from 2008, and as a percentage of revenue it was 8.7%, compared to 9.2% in 2008. The improvement in percentages of revenue is primarily related to lower fuel pricing in 2009. Selling, general, and administrative expenses grew $5.3 million or 8.6% over the second quarter of 2008. As a percentage of revenue, it was 13.6% in 2009, compared to 12.7% in 2008. Expense growth here was primarily related to business acquisitions. On a six month basis, SG&A expense grew by $8.3 million or 6.6% from 2008, and as a percentage of revenue it was 13.3%, compared to 12.9% in 2008. Again, most of this expense growth was related to business acquisitions. During the quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $255,000 as part of operating expenses, all of which are related to the Keystone acquisition. This is primarily related to our consolidation of warehouses in the Northeast, and is the expected to be the last of our restructuring expenses related to the Keystone acquisition. Our operating income was $55.4 million in the quarter, compared to $58.4 million in 2008. On a six month basis, operating income was $116.8 million in 2009, compared to $119.9 million in 2008. The 2009 operating income decline was primarily attributable to our self service facilities caused by the large commodity price declines in 2009 and lower volumes of self service and crush-only vehicles. In Q2 2009, our self service facilities did generate operating income at slightly over the level achieved in Q1 2009, but significantly lower than the profit level in Q2 2008. Historically, the self service facilities have operated at higher operating margins than our other facilities. However, with the low commodity prices we have seen in 2009 and the lower car volumes, their operating margins have been below that of our other facilities. In Q2 2009, total revenue for our self service operations was $41.2 million or 8.4% of LKQ’s total revenue. Approximately 50% of this revenue was included in recycled and related products and services, reflecting part-related sales, and 50% was included in other revenue, comprising core and scrap sales. Back in Q2 2008, our self service operation had revenue of $50.8 million. Approximately 26% of this was included in recycled and related products and services, reflecting part-related sales, and 74% was included in other revenue, and remember that the Pick-Your-Part business, or PYP, was not owned by LKQ in the second quarter of 2008. We generated the following statistics when comparing Q2 2009 to Q2 2008 for our self service business, excluding the PYP business we acquired late in August 2008. Self service cars procured in the second quarter of 2009 on average cost 37% less than those procured in Q2 2008. Average scrap prices received per ton dropped 58% from that received in Q2 2008. We procured 25% fewer self service cars in Q2 2009 compared to Q2 2008. PYP would have had similar-type trends, but we did not own them in the second quarter of 2008. Our acquisition of PYP increased the size of our self service operations. For 2009, PYP now represents close to 41% of our self service operations and accordingly, they magnified the negative impact of the trends. We very much like the self service business. Historically, it has performed well and we expect it to return to more normal trends later in the year. Looking further down the income statement, we showed net interest expense in Q2 2009 of $7.7 million as compared to $8.4 million in the second quarter of 2008. This decrease is primarily the result of lower interest rates. The 2009 pre-tax income was $47.8 million for the quarter, compared to $50.5 million for the same quarter in 2008. The six month pre-tax income was $101.6 million in 2009, compared to $101.9 million in 2008. Our effective tax rate was 39.8% for the first six months of 2009, and 39.3% for the first six months of 2008. The 2009 net income was $28.9 million for the quarter, compared to $31 million for the same quarter in 2008. The six month net income was $61.2 million in 2009, compared to $61.9 million in 2008. Our diluted earnings per share was $0.20 for the quarter, compared to $0.22 in the same period of 2008. For the six months of 2009, our EPS was $0.43, compared to $0.44 in 2008. Our diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for calculating EPS were as follows; Q2 2009 at 143.5 million shares versus Q2 2008 at 140.3 million. For the first six months of 2009, we were at 143.3 million shares versus 140 million in 2008. Shifting our focus to the cash flow table, we generated $87 million in cash from operations in the first six months of 2009. We grew our inventory in the first six months by close to $17 million, with this growth being related to aftermarket and refurbished products. This growth is attributable to inventory levels we feel we need in order to take advantage of pressure on the insurance carriers to use more alternative parts, along with the increased usage we expect to see from fleet and rental car companies. Capital expenditures for the first six months, excluding business acquisitions, were $18.6 million. Cash used to acquire businesses for the first six months was $16 million. During the first six months we issued approximately 654,000 shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in $5.4 million in cash, which includes related tax benefits. Take a look at our balance sheet as of June 30. You will see we have debt of $636.6 million that included $632.7 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $129.5 million at the end of June. As of the close of business on July 28, we had approximately $122 million in cash and equivalents. As many of you know, we have a revolving credit facility of $115 million provided under our secured credit facility. Today, we have $8.2 million of borrowing under this line, and there are approximately $26.5 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by this facility, reducing the availability for future borrowings to approximately $80.3 million. As we previously reported in an 8-K filing with the SEC, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., which accounts for $15 million of revolver funding commitment filed for Chapter 11, in 2008. Accordingly, we no longer believe this $15 million commitment is available, [so and in fact] our availability has been reduced to $65 million. However, we do not feel this $15 million is significant to our liquidity needs. Let's move on to our 2009 financial guidance. As Joe indicated earlier, in light of the current economic environment and its impact on collision repair trends, we anticipate our annual organic revenue growth for 2009, excluding the other revenue category that we show on our financial tables, to grow at a rate of 6% to 8%. LKQ anticipates full year 2009 net income, excluding the effect of restructuring charges, will be in the range of $116.5 million to $124 million, and earnings per share will be in the range of $0.81 to $0.86. We delivered very good first half results.  Consistent with our experience in prior years, we believe the third quarter in 2009 will show lower net income and lower earnings per share than we just reported for the second quarter of 2009. Historically, the third quarter is usually the lowest earnings quarter of the year, due to summer months having less rainfall and fewer commuters on the road due to vacation season. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2009 is projected to be approximately $145 million. The company estimates 2009 capital expenditures related to property and equipment, excluding the expenses of acquiring businesses, will be in between $71 million to $77 million. Maintenance or replacement capital expenditures are expected to be under $15 million. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding are anticipated to be approximately $144 million for 2009. Share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as future stock issuances, the number of options exercised in subsequent periods, and changes in stock price. I will now turn back to Joe for some closing comments.
Joe Holsten : Before we take your questions, I wanted to summarize our thoughts on the status of the business and the industry. I was pleased with the performance of our business this quarter, as the aftermarket and refurbished businesses realized good growth attributable in part to strong inventories, a cohesive selling structure, and I suspect some essences of out-of-stock OEM parts. Secondly, the wholesale salvage operations also delivered good results. Wholesale salvage had good organic growth and maintained strong gross margins, aided by a good supply of total loss vehicles available at the auctions and effective cost management. Third, the environment is improving for the self service operations. Our margins remain below long-term historical levels, they have improved since the start of the year. With time, I believe the spread between car costs and scrap values will adjust, and volume will increase to a point where it can return to historic profit margins. Finally, we began LKQ with a belief that the market for alternative auto parts would become a larger and a more important source of collision parts. The network and systems we have developed have made us the leading source for recycled and aftermarket collision parts.  Having combined Keystone with LKQ we are operating as one integrated organization with deep aftermarket and recycled parts inventories, sophisticated systems, and a network of facilities that gives us a clear competitive advantage. Insurance carriers, operating in an environment of increasing costs and concerns over parts availability issues are looking to grow their use of alternative parts as a way to manage these changes and LKQ is poised to benefit once they commit to this growth in their APU rate. Melissa, at this point we would like to open the lines for questions.
Questions-and-Answers:
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess the question, Joe, when you look at June and you look at September on a seasonal basis, they're typically weaker for the aftermarket business. This quarter, you did put up what would be a sort of implied near 8% organic growth on that side of the business, even though it sounds like industry claims are still running somewhat negative. There's a disparity there, and is it simply LKQ, because of the scale gaining market share, or are there some other industry dynamics at work, or maybe you've got some color you can provide on sort of that disparity for us?
Joe Holsten: I think, maybe, a couple observations. The first would be that it might be said for the quarter overall that the accident rates may have been off a few percent. The other trend we see that is going on within the industry is the increase in alternative part utilization. We generally like to see a couple of reports from the leading data providers, CCC and Mitchell, we like to see a couple of reports from them before we really claim that there's a kind of permanent change there, but the more recent reports we saw would suggest, there has been about a 200 basis point improvement or gain in alternative part utilization. So, just getting our fair share of that is important. I guess, secondly, I would probably say that I suspect that we're getting a little bit more than our fair share, being a public company, operating against exclusively in the aftermarket world, against strictly private companies, our access to the capital markets is certainly and the strength of our balance sheet has allowed us to put on a broader and stronger inventory in place, we believe, to address potential out-of-stock positions. The interesting thing about the quarter is that we saw aftermarket sales gains build throughout the quarter. And I think on our last call, we indicated April was not a very robust month, and we saw sales momentum gain throughout the quarter. Our average daily sales in June were much stronger than what we saw in April. But, again, the momentum kind of built throughout the quarter.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Maybe this is a question for Rob, but have you seen any change yet in the cycle times due to any part's supply disruption yet, or is that something that really won't come about until some time in the second half of this year?
Rob Wagman: Yes, I think until the dealer network starts dwindling down, which of course is on the plans of all the OEs, of eliminating some of the dealer networks, we really haven't seen any really major supply-chain destruction at this point. However, what we are hearing anecdotally, at least, is that some of the dealers are carrying less inventory, which would cause potentially a day delay in cycle time, but as far as availability, it seems to be pretty steady right now, but it likely to change when the dealerships start dwindling down.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: One other question as it relates to sort of the aftermarket side of the business, and Joe, you noted a more intensified approach, if you will, on, I think your Assured Parts program. Can you talk a little bit about what the program has done for you with the insurer that say that 45% of alternative parts versus an insurer who may be at 10% or 15% levels. Is there a noticeable difference in your returns or your margins for that customer, and should you see a greater adoption by other insurers, what would that imply, then for your business?
Rob Wagman: Certainly, the availability of parts, as Joe stated, is greater than other certified programs, in our programs. So, just the availability of more product to be able to be used on their estimates certainly is having an impact on the greater alternative parts usage. I can tell you that over the last quarter, we've had more conversations with insurance companies than we've had in a long time. I think, mainly because of the fear of the OEs, and what may happen there. So there's a great interest level that is growing on their side to look at alternatives. As far as Joe mentioned, as well that we have two carriers that we are talking to at this point. We are in contract negotiations with them, so we are getting a lot more interest, and I think we are in discussions with several others as well. So I think that everyone is getting the idea that there are more parts available in our program that will allow them to reach those higher levels of alternative parts.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess, what I was trying to get at, though, is, does a customer that has 45% parts utilization, aside from just the volume benefit, is there a higher return or a higher margin to you because of that level of parts utilization? And then, if you then sign another one or two insurers who ultimately get to that level, what could that imply?
Joe Holsten: I think we can quantify that, but a common sense would dictate that the more market share you have with the DRPs and the shops, the more profitable those accounts are going to be. I personally think dealers keyless will probably also drive improvement in margins. We're seeing our return rates on parts drop, where we have customers using the keyless proprietary system, and our returns dropped, and unfortunately that's a larger cost to the business than we would like to see.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Just one final question for Mark. Mark, you talked about SG&A being up a little bit because of the acquisition at the end of the quarter, but it seemed like the SG&A margin as a percentage of sales at 13.6% was higher than I've seen it in some time. Is there anything you can attribute to that and is that sort of on a SG&A basis, something we should look at following rate?
Mark Spears: Like I said, most of that is all due to acquisition. In fact, most of the acquisition number, quite frankly, is PYP. Okay, it was a large company we bought in August. You'll start seeing more stability there as we move into the future quarters when we own PYP during the period. The G&A in particular, and facility and warehouse expenses in particular, the self-serve businesses run at that higher level. Obviously, in distribution expenses, they don't have anything, because they don't deliver parts. It was our acquisitions that caused that and in particular, PYP, we're down in revenue because the self-serve on top of that, so that's causing that percentage.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: A couple questions here. First off, you raised your net income guidance slightly from the last guidance period. Is that due to a slightly better-than-expected result versus your internal expectations in Q2, and specifically, where did you come in a little bit better than you thought, or where are you coming in better than you thought internally speaking?
Mark Spears: We have been coming in on the higher end of our range. As you know, we gave guidance for Q1, we didn't do it for Q2. I mean, six months has already gone, and when we put guidance out, we were kind of like two months into the first quarter, as well, so that's why the bottom's in there. We still have a pretty decent spread there, I realize, but as you and everybody knows, Q3 is kind of the lowest quarter for both aftermarket and recycled. And I think we'll be able to get tighter after we get through Q3, because year after year, Q3's always little different, and that's really why we raise the bottom end, because we got through two quarters here, and then we're hitting on the higher part.
Joe Holsten: If there was a mild upside surprise in the quarter, it would have been from the aftermarket parts business, more strength than we might have anticipated 90 days ago.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Second question would be, you mentioned your guidance for '09 is 6% to 8% organic sales, excluding other. What should we be pegging for overall sales expectations, all in?
Mark Spears: I'm not going to put out new revenue guidance. We have not ever put revenue guidance out. We're just telling you what the part revenues are. I think you are asking what is the guidance for the other, which is scrap and commodities, and we don't feel like we can put that kind of guidance out.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Let me ask that question in another way, then. You mentioned that your commodity costs were down about 58%, if my notes hold, year-on-year. Had they been flat or what was the impact of that on sales in the quarter? And then we can come up with our own expectations?
Mark Spears: What all I can say on that is, we said they are pretty similar to Q1. Keep in mind that other is not just impacted by price changes, but it's volume changes as well, and the volumes are down in that category as well, the car volumes.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Last question, I suppose, you mentioned the auction prices, down 16% year-on-year. What was that sequentially? Are you seeing pressure sequentially on that, or not as-of-yet?
Joe Holsten: Sequentially, relatively flat. It was up maybe a couple points, Sam, but certainly we've been really pleased with the buying environment so far this year, and quite frankly, Cash for Clunkers may provide more of an opportunity than we had initially expected on the buying front as well.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates: Do you anticipate your purchase cars that were up 15% this quarter, do you anticipate that percentage holding the rest of the year, year-on-year?
Joe Holsten: I would think that will back off just a little bit.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Kennison, with Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Mark, I just wanted to let you know that I know you haven't left yet, but you certainly will be missed. Joe, question on OEM part pricing, any sense of any movement in prices on a year-over-year basis from the competitive OEM parts?
Joe Holsten: Yes, we do monitor that fairly carefully, as you know we price our parts in relationship. I think that a lot of our increases we've seen have been fairly modest, and generally, when we're seeing increases there are kind of marked down being taken elsewhere on the ledger, so to speak. So, I can't say that we're enjoying any revenue growth right now, because of price increase activity.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Following up on Cash for Clunkers, is there a margin profile or a difference in those vehicles given that there may be limitations in terms of the parts you're able to sell?
Joe Holsten: Yes, I'm glad you brought that up, because I've probably been pretty negative on the impact of the program, and while we're only about three or four days into it, I've been a lot more optimistic about what the program may mean for LKQ than I was a couple of weeks ago.  First of all, I guess it's an observation that the dealers are moving fast on this. I think that they've created through their TV advertising, almost a scarcity fear that the billion dollars is going to be gone by next Friday, so people need to get moving on this real quickly. So it is moving fast. We probably in the first three days, I'm sure we've had contacts to make offers or bids on several thousand cars just in two or three days into the program. Kind of the ultimate legislation, or the act that came out, because there's only really one restriction on parts sales, and that's that the motor has to have a sodium-nitrate acid poured into it that renders the motor inoperable. So that's really the only restriction on parts selling. There are pretty tight restrictions on certificates of destruction, which I think is a plus for us, as a company. What we've seen so far in the cars, the quality is better than what I would have expected. The shot group I looked at before I came in for the call this morning ranged from pretty much a '94 to there's even a 2007 model year vehicle on the list. I'm not sure why it was on there, but the average right now is probably a '97, '98 model year vehicle. So we're talking 10, 11-year-old cars with about 120,000 miles on them, but the surprise here is the quality of the cars and the quality of the sheet metal and the salvage is really pretty attractive. The other thing we're finding was that a lot of the dealerships, they just want to get rid of these cars. They're not that I'm not saying all of them, but many of them are just focused on finding a quality service provider, because the fines are quite steep for not following the CARS Act rules. Their focus is on finding a quality and reliable service provider who is going to do what they're supposed to do with the vehicles. It is early in the game, but I am very optimistic that this is going to provide some very attractive salvage into LKQ during the next couple of months.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Would it be fair to say that your procurement cost and those vehicles is lower on average?
Joe Holsten: Significantly.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: With respect to the 20 million share shelf registration, what's the goal of that?
Mark Spears: To be honest with you, we've always had a shelf out there. One of them maybe three years it expires, so we just put it back out there. Since '07 we've always had a shelf. So we just want to have the share counts out there if we find somebody to buy. If we refresh the numbers, it's actually two of them, an S3 and an S4, and both of them were just refreshing the ones that we've had out there.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Finally, Joe, I know you're still in growth mode on the recycled heavy-duty truck opportunity, but is there also an opportunity to layer in aftermarket parts in that category as well?
Joe Holsten: Yes, there is.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Would you move on that right away or wait until you build out the recycled bits like you did on the automotive side?
Joe Holsten: I think your focus right now is to get a good-quality sales and production operation in place to develop kind of national capabilities in terms of linking our inventories, getting our heavy-duty truck inventory on a common platform. I think we're probably developing our own interchange, so I think that will be our focus, initially, before we would turn toward the aftermarket opportunities. I've never say but, as you know, we've always been opportunistic of things that present themselves when you least expect it, but there isn't anything that we're actively investigating on our own.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Cox with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: My first question is on the Pick-Your-Part business and the SG&A run-rate of that business. Is there any effort being made to reduce that SG&A run-rate, or should we expect that to continue, and I think, initially there was some talk of converting some other yards to more of a wholesale business, any update on that?
Joe Holsten: Yes, I think most SG&A rationalization has probably been accomplished. There may be some modest additional amounts to accomplish. In terms of yard conversions, we've been fortunate to increase our volumes and velocity of products through our kind of anchor wholesale yards in the state of California, such that at least for the moment we're pretty happy to keep the Pick-Your-Part yards where they are, and we've brought volumes up pretty significantly and, like I said, the anchor LKQ wholesale plant.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: I'm understanding this correctly, we should expect the SG&A run-rate to remain relatively stable to what we've seen in the first couple of quarters, and then to see leverage, we would really need to see better margin performance out of the Pick-Your-Part or self-serve business overall?
Joe Holsten: Yes, I think that's fair, yes. Yes, the self-service business, the historical operating margins that I would expect are probably about three times what we would have posted up in the second quarter. If we were to resume operating margins, I would say it would be more representative, throughout 2008 and 2009, of what we've seen kind of on a four or five-year basis. The contributions of the business would have been probably $0.02 to $0.03 per share higher just for the quarter than what we reported.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: That's helpful. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about Canada. This was a geographic area that you made a couple of acquisitions and we haven't heard a lot about that since you moved more into the heavy-duty truck, did Canada not pan out like you had hoped it would, or should we expect more activity there?
Joe Holsten: We expect more activity in Canada. We've plugged some holes over the last couple of quarters in terms of the Montreal market and Toronto, we're in pretty good shape. We've had a facility about midway between Toronto and Windsor now. And we've moved into the Ottawa market, so in terms of what I would consider the breadbasket of Canada, we're in pretty good shape. We're starting to take a look at some of the Central and Western markets. In the aftermarket operations, we're under-warehoused in our Canadian operations. I believe we'll have that fully addressed and remedied before the snow flies, at least, that's the target to, quite frankly, we need more inventory and more capacity than what Keystone management was running the business with.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: My last question is just more of a housekeeping. Mark, I was wondering if you could provide the dollar contribution to sales from acquisition in the quarter?
Mark Spears: I don't have that. We don't break that out. How much revenue we generated in Q2 from acquisitions? Well, wait a minute, you've got organic revenue - you've got it for the part side of the business, organic revenue versus our total revenue. So for the part side, yes, you've got that. I think we said, for the quarter, we were up 11.5%, revenue for the quarter, year-over-year on the part side of the business, and organic was 7.7, so that's your growth from acquisitions.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: On the other category, it's just--
Mark Spears: I don't have that broken out.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: First question is, the salvage acquisition costs were, obviously, significantly lower. Did that help your gross margins? Are you able to hold onto that or do you just kind of flex the pricing to your customers?
Joe Holsten: I think what ends up happening is that a lot of that decrease was in scrap, so from that perspective, I wouldn't say that during this quarter, our margins were really impacted by the lower salvage acquisition cost. Obviously, ferrous prices had been steady quarter-to-quarter, that should have resulted in an improvement in our gross margins, but I'd have to attribute most of the change to just pure change in ferrous pricing.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: You guys mentioned that you're in contract negotiations with two insurance carriers on the aftermarket side. Can you explain exactly how that would work? If you were able to finalize a deal, and what kind of impact we might be able to see on the business if you were able to close one of those deals, just kind of structurally how it would be put together?
Rob Wagman: Well it certainly open up a wider universal parts for them to write. The process would work, basically, once we have a contract on, we would then go through a training of their direct prepared networks, as well as their appraisal staff, as well.  It's a long process where we roll out training and what's involved in the process. Part of the AQRP program is electronic-based tracking of the parts, sort of a soup-to-nuts, following it from the manufacturer right to the end-user. So there's a little bit of training involved, but once that training is done, the shops are up to speed, the estimating databases receive the inventory that they can use, the process moves pretty quickly.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Would two carriers be enough to kind of materially move the needle on that business?
Rob Wagman: These carriers are top ten carriers. They already write some amount of aftermarket now, so that's not completely newfound business, but it would certainly increase it. We'll have to wait to see just how robust they are on the rollouts.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: The last question, have you seen any impact from the agreement with Ford that you guys previously announced?
Joe Holsten: Yes, actually. The sales of the related parts, keep in mind that this just really started in second quarter, so we're just now starting to see some of the parts come into our inventory as well as our competitors to run out of those products, but in June alone, we saw about 35% increase in the sales of those parts, and in July, we have a few more hours here in the month, but it looks like they'll be up another 10% in July over the June levels on a per-day basis.
Operator: We have time for one more question. This question is from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please state your question.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Just to follow up on that last question, have you seen any of the other OEMs kind of more willing to set up agreements like you have with Ford?
Joe Holsten: We have not engaged in any discussions with other OEMs on that subject.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: The other thing, talking about going back to your comments, Joe, about maybe a little bit of a surprise on the aftermarket side, do you think you're getting some benefit on the tailwind now from having the sales forces more integrated with Keystone, and maybe give us an update on exactly where that is, and if there's anything left to go there?
Rob Wagman: I think that's a fair assumption, Nate that we are fully through integration of the operations, now. We converted our last conversion last two months ago, and we are starting to see some more pull-through with the sales reps. The sales reps on part of our systems do have the ability to sell right out of the salvage system as well, making it, therefore, a lot easier. So there is now doubt that some of the tailwind that we've received has been from the result of the integration being finally completed. Inventories up higher, distribution networks flowing a lot more smoother and now that the integration is done.
Joe Holsten: Thanks for the question. I thank everyone for calling in and joining the call. We want to be respectful of your time to get on the next call. A lot of earnings coming up today, so we appreciate your interest in LKQ, and we'll talk to you in about 90 days. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn – Director of Investor Relations Joseph M. Holsten – President & Chief Executive Officer Mark T. Spears – Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co. William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates
Operator:  Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It’s now my pleasure to introduce your host, Sarah Lewensohn, Director of Investor Relations for LKQ Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thanks, Ryan. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are hosting this conference call to discuss the first quarter 2009 financial results that we released this morning. And with me today from LKQ Corporation is, Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Spears, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Both Joe and Mark will share their thoughts on our results, and then open the call up for questions. And in addition to those that are listening by telephone, we are providing an audiocast via the LKQ website, both forms will have replays available shortly after the conclusion of the call. Before we begin with our discussion, I would like to read the following. The statements made in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law. Please refer to our 2008 Form 10-K and other subsequent documents filed with the SEC and the press release we issued this morning for more information on the potential risks. And with that, I’d like to turn this over to Mr. Joe Holsten.
Joseph M. Holsten: Hi, good morning, and thanks again for joining us today. I will begin with some general comments about the business and some recent events and talk about some of our various business activities. Then I’ll turn the call over to Mark, so he can provide greater detail regarding the financial results that were provided in the earnings release that we issued this morning. As I reflect on the first quarter, I am quite pleased with the results, we were able to achieve, especially, given the current economic environment. We achieved a number of milestones that I would like to point out. Most significantly, our sales of recycled parts grew 9.9% organically for the quarter. Our aftermarket sales achieved organic growth of 2.4% halting the declines that we saw in the back half of 2008 and against a relatively tough comparison with the first quarter of 2008. Our self-service facilities ended the quarter with an operating profit, while the profit was modest when compared to prior year’s margins, the quarterly performance mark the substances turnaround from our Q4 loss of these facilities. Ferrous prices, related commodity prices appear to hit bottom in December of 2008 and January 2009, and appear to have now stabilized. And finally, we reached a settlement with Ford Motor Company on the design patent litigation dispute and has entered into an exclusive agreement to distribute limited part types in the U.S. Just to go onto the Ford settlement into a little bit more detail. As you know, we were in dispute with Ford over design patent and particular for collision repair parts for the Ford F-150 and the Ford Mustang. The settlement we reached grants LKQ the right to be the exclusive distributor of non-original equipment aftermarket parts that correspond to all Ford collision repair parts that are covered by design patent and exchange for a royalty payment to Ford. Let me point out, the exclusive rights cover collision repair parts for all of Ford’s models for which there are design patents, and not just those applicable to the F-150 or the Mustang. This agreement has the term through September 30, 2011 and applies only the sales in the United States. Related to this, we also entered into agreements with the manufacturers, who were part of the patent disputes to distribute U.S. bound, non-OE collision repair aftermarket parts that correspond to Ford design patents only to LKQ. We are pleased with the resolution not only does it stop the related legal disputes that we had with Ford, but we believe it gives us the ability to grow our revenue overtime as we become the only license supplier of Ford design patented new non-OE aftermarket collision repair parts in the United States. Mark will provide some additional numbers in details related with Ford agreement in just a few moment. In terms of industry trends, the metrics that most impact our revenue we believe remain mixed. Unemployment levels remain on the rise and miles driven for the first two months of the year were down about 1.9% continuing the trend from last year at a more moderate pace. The average daily travel for February increased 2.7% over the prior year. So drivers are traveling less than last year, when they do drive the trips are getting longer. Insurance collision claims continued to decline running at rates approximately 4% to 5% below last year, but the incidences of total losses are up 0.5% in part due to lower used car values, and obviously providing a more lucrative auction environment for our company. While used car prices have trended downward for much of the last two quarters, we have recently seen this trend reverse. Other industry data suggests that the average age of vehicles on the road is now approaching 10 years, which we believe they are positive for the demand for our mechanical parts. And our numerous discussions with our insurance partners, they remain concerned about the current environment. Auto dealership closures and the threat of bankruptcy from one or more of the auto companies based in Detroit are generating worries that some new OEM repair parts may not be available when they are needed. Part shortages could lead to a longer repair time, greater repair costs and providing the customer with a rental car is a meaningful portion of the total claim cost. If there are interruptions in the supply chain, there may be opportunities for LKQ. So we are watching this closely. Let’s turn to our results and some various statistics for a moment. Revenue for the quarter was $518 million, a 5.3% increase, as compared to the first quarter of 2008. And we generated diluted earnings per share after restructuring costs of $0.23 for the quarter, compared to $0.22 for the same period last year. Reported total revenue, because of a large fluctuation in scrap and core prices from last year’s level, obscures the true performance of our primary business of distributing replacement parts. Organic revenue growth, excluding the other revenue category was 5.1%. Excluding the other revenue category, our total revenue for our primary businesses, recycled parts and services and aftermarket related and refurbishing was $469 million, a 9.1% growth for the quarter as compared to $430 million in the first quarter of 2008. Other revenue declined 21.4%, primarily as a result of lower scrap metal and commodity prices. With year-over-year revenue growth of 21.1% for the recycled parts and services category, and 2.4% for the aftermarket, other new and refurbished product category; our integrated model of the two businesses is taking hold. Our purchases of cars for the wholesale recycled parts operation totaled 41,700 units during the quarter, a 6.4% increase from a nearly 39,200 we acquired in the first quarter of last year. The quantity of salvage cars we purchased varies from quarter-to-quarter and reflects our production backlog and inventory levels, which today are in good shape. Wholesale vehicles we acquired from the salvage auctions accounted for approximately 97% of the total incoming wholesale product flow. The average acquisition costs was down 14% over the prior year’s first quarter, incorporating lower scrap values embedded into the actual prices paid. During the quarter, we purchased 81,700 lower cost self-service and crush only cars, as compared to 56,100 in the prior year. The first quarter 2009 total includes approximately 31,700 vehicles that were purchased for the Pick-Your-Part acquisition that we completed in late August. There was a continued reluctance from some of the self-service car sellers to accept the lower prices set as a result of dramatically lower commodity prices. Even with the large drop in the other revenue category. We were able to generate gross margins in the quarter that were close to those achieved in Q1 2008 and an operating income at very close to the amount generated in Q1 ‘08. Net income for the quarter was up 4.6% to $32.3 million, 30.9 million for the prior year. I’d like to discuss some aspects of our progress and integration right now with the prelude system, which is the operating system that we use to support our aftermarket business, now available on the desktops of the LKQ salvage sales force. We started to see the benefits of being the first call by a body shop when it begins the search for collision parts. The conversions of the remaining LKQ businesses are slated for later in 2009. During the quarter, we consolidated or relocated three aftermarket locations in Pittsburgh, Charleston, and Hattiesburg. In addition, we shut down three bumper-refurbishing operations in Saranac and Grand Rapids, Michigan and Nashville, Tennessee. As we head into the second quarter, we still have a large New Jersey aftermarket location to be converted to prelude. Once we completed we will close the nearby operation and move it into this facility as well. The review of sales volume and production capacity of the remaining 55 bumper, wheel, and light refurbishing locations is continuing. And we believe we may have a opportunity to close several more bumper refurbishing operations. Shuttle runs and other services are being consolidated to help both product lines. The reorganization of the regions that we announced on our last call and emerged the key selling in LKQ businesses under common management seems to be paying off by continuing to identify opportunities like shared delivery runs. For example, in the more rural areas of Kansas, Southern Illinois and Ontario, we have combined routes to deliver both aftermarket and recycled parts from the same delivery trucks. We expect to continue the consolidation for a number of years. Over time, as leases expire in approximately 20 key market areas, we hope to consolidate the aftermarket and salvage operations into common footprints. Currently, we have such projects underway in Detroit, Indianapolis, Houston and Montreal. In terms of acquisitions, during the quarter we acquired a heavy-duty recycled truck parts business based in Tampa, Florida, and a wholesale salvage recycling business in Durham, North Carolina and one in Montreal, Quebec. These new locations generated approximately $18 million of combined historical annual revenue. Our truck business, the heavy duty truck business, we believe that operations continue to gain traction. I continue to believe that the heavy-duty recycled trucks parts market provides a logical growth opportunity for LKQ. The fragmentation of small privately owned companies has made it difficult for anyone in the industry to reach scale to develop and support the systems like those we use for our car parts that create a competitive advantage. We’re an industry with lots of owner operators. We believe the use of recycled truck parts offers a strong value proposition to its cost-conscious customers. The five different locations are beginning to organize into one unit with common systems and common operating processes to further enhance the financial performance of these acquired businesses. We have been cross-pollinating the business with LKQ salvage managers to get the benefit of the operating talent we developed on the car side of the salvage business. And during the quarter, we started our second significant Secure Disposal service for a large national fleet operator. At this point, I’d like to turn the call over to Mark to give you more details on the financial results for the quarter.
Mark T. Spears: Good morning, everyone. As we did last quarter, we included a few additional tables that we believe are helpful as you evaluate our results. Looking at our income statement and the related tables, our first quarter revenue was up 5.3% to $518 million from $491.9 million in Q1, 2008. Our organic revenue growth for all revenue was a negative 0.5% for the quarter. Excluding the other revenue category in our statement, however, organic revenue growth was 5.1%. Joe mentioned that we settled the patent litigation with Ford. To put this in perspective, in 2008, we generated approximately $135 million in parts revenue on approximately 5,700 SKUs of new non-OE collision repair aftermarket parts covering all Ford brands. Approximately $10 million of this was over some 200 SKUs and was related to parts that Ford indicated are covered by valid patent designs. So as you can see today, there is not a material amount of revenue that comes under this agreement. Overtime, we expect this revenue to grow, as we are the only license provider of these parts in the U.S. The effective royalty payments at the 2008 revenue level is immaterial. We are bound by a confidentiality agreement with Ford, so we’re not able to give any really further detail of this agreement. Moving on to our statements of income. Gross margin for the first quarter of 2009 was 45% and fairly close to the 45.4% in the first quarter of 2008. Our self-service facilities were primarily responsible for the small decline in 2009. Our facility and warehouse expense for the quarter increased 13.8% or $6.2 million, as compared to Q1 2008. Facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue for the quarter was 9.8% versus 9% in Q1 2008. The percentage deterioration in the quarter was related to our self-service operations, as they run at a higher percentage of revenue for these types of costs. And in particular, it was all primarily due to our acquisition of Pick-Your-Part on August 25, 2008. Distribution expenses for Q1 2009 declined by $227,000 from Q1 2008, as a percentage of revenue distribution costs decreased to 8.6% in Q1 2009 from 9.1% in Q1 2008. Selling, general and administrative expenses grew $3 million, or 4.7% over Q1 2008 and this growth was entirely related to business acquisitions. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 13% in Q1 2009, which was comparable to Q1 2008. During the quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $803,000 as part of our operating expenses, all of which are related to the Keystone acquisition. Over 50% of this was related to severance of Keystone personnel with the balance primarily related to consolidating three aftermarket operations and closing out three bumper remanufacturing locations. Our operating income was fairly comparable to the prior year with $61.4 million in Q1 2009, compared to $61.5 million in Q1 2008, despite a significant drop in operating income related to our self-service facilities. In Q1 2009, our self-service facilities did generate operating income, which was certainly a turnaround from the operating loss of $11.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, but significantly lower than the profit level in Q1 2008. Historically, the self-service facilities have operated at a higher operating margin than our other facilities. In Q1 2009, total revenue for our self-service operations was $45.1 million, or 8.7% of LKQ’s total revenue. Approximately, 48% of this revenue was included in recycled and related products and services, reflecting part related sales and 52% was included in other revenue, comprising core and scrap sales. Revenue for the first quarter of 2008 was $40.9 million or 8.3% of total revenue, approximately 30% of this was included in recycled and related product and services, reflecting part related sales, and 70% was included in other revenue. And remember that the Pick-Your-Part business or PYP as we call it was not owned by LKQ in Q1 of 2008. We generated the following statistics when comparing Q1 2009 to Q1 2008 for our self-service businesses, excluding the PYP business that we acquired in late August 2008. Self-service cars procured in Q1 2009 on average cost 19% less than those procured in Q1 2008. Average scrap prices received per ton dropped 44% from that received in Q1 2008. We procured 20% fewer self-service cars in Q1 2009, compared to Q1 2008. PYP would have had similar type trends, but we do not own them in Q1 2008. Our acquisition of PYP increased the size of our self-service operations. Today PYP now represents close to 42% of our self-service operations and accordingly they magnify the negative impact of the trends. Well, our volumes are still not where they need to be, we are moving in the right direction. We very much like the self-service business, historically it has performed well and we expect that the returns in more normal trends later in the year. We had net interest expense in Q1 2009 of $7.6 million as compared to $10.3 million in Q1 2008. This decrease is primarily a result of lower interest rates. The Q1 2009 pre-tax income increased 4.6% to $53.8 million from $51.5 million in Q1 2008. Our effective tax rate was 40% for the first quarter of 2009 and 2008. Net income for the quarter increased 4.6% to $32.3 million from $30.9 million in Q1 2008. Our diluted earnings per share increased to $0.23 for Q1 2009 from $0.22 in Q1 2008 despite the lower operating income of our self-service operations. Our diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for calculating EPS were as follows: Q1 2009 at a $142.8 million shares versus Q1 2008 at a $139.7 million. Shifting our focus to the cash flow table, we generated $39.5 million in cash from operations in Q1 2009. We grow our inventory in Q1 by close to $25 million with this growth being related to aftermarket and refurbished product. This growth is attributable to inventory levels we feel we need in order to take advantage of pressure on the insurance carriers to use more alternative parts, along with the increased usage we expect to see from fleet and rental car companies. Capital expenditures for the first quarter, excluding business acquisitions were $6.9 million. Cash used to acquire businesses for the quarter was $15.8 million. Taking a look at the balance sheet as of March 31, 2009, you will see we had debt of $638.6 million that included $634.5 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $92.8 million at the end of March 2009. As of April 28, we had approximately $74 million in cash and equivalents. As many of you know, we have a revolving credit facility of $115 million provided under our secured credit facility. Today, we have borrowed $7.9 million under this line and they are approximately $25.3 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by this line, reducing the availability for future borrowings to approximately $81.8 million. As we previously reported in an 8-K filing with the SEC, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., which accounts for $15 million of the revolver funding commitment, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2008. Accordingly, we no longer believe this $15 million commitment is available. So in effect, our availability has been reduced to $66.8 million. However, we do not feel this $15 million is significant to our liquidity needs. Let’s move into our 2009 financial guidance. As Joe indicated earlier, in light of the current economic environment and its impact on collision repair trends, we anticipate our annual organic revenue growth for 2009, excluding the other revenue category that we show in our financial tables, to grow at a rate of 6% to 8%. LKQ anticipates full year 2009 net income will be in the range of $114.5 million to $123.5 million and earnings per share will be in the range of $0.80 to $0.86. We delivered very good first quarter results and normal historical trends show this is usually our strongest quarter in the year. Consistent with our experience in prior years in this industry and consistent with the revenue trend that we have witnessed so far in April compared to the Q1 levels, we believe that second quarter of 2009 would show lower net income and diluted earnings per share than what we reported to the first quarter of 2009. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2009 is projected to be approximately $145 million. The company estimates 2009 capital expenditures related to property and equipment, excluding expenditures of acquiring businesses will be between $75 million to $80 million. Maintenance or replacement capital expenditures, which are included in this are expected to be under $15 million. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding are anticipated to be within in a range of approximately $143 million to $144 million for 2009. Share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as future stock issuances, the number of options exercised in subsequent periods, and changes in stock price. I’d like to turn back to Joe for some closing comments.
Joseph M. Holsten: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Before we go to questions, I’d like to make just a few more comments and share our outlook for the businesses and the industries in which they operate. In particular, as to focus on the strength of our business model, while we remain at a macro level in a period of economic uncertainty, our business, the sale and distribution of alternative collision and mechanical parts for both cars and light and heavy-duty trucks. We believe demonstrated during the quarter, its ability to resist recessionary trends in several ways. First, insurance carriers are looking to expand their riding of alternative parts as a way to contain increasing costs. With little ability to increase premium rates to offset increasing vehicle repair costs and the impact of lower investment income, the insurance carriers are looking at all options to continue to lower cost. They continue to seek more alternative parts usage in order to lower repair costs and improve cycle time both critical to their performance. Further, they are concerned about the potential interruption of parts deliveries from OEM as a result of dealership closings, potential bankruptcies and instances about the stock inventory. Second, we believe our ever expanding product offerings, such as, value line aftermarket products and paint and body supplies along with our rolling revenue to all such as key lists and other connectivity and coordination between our recycled sales team and the aftermarket sales team will expand our revenue growth opportunity. Third, despite some increases in new used car pricing. We still see a good supply of reasonably priced parts cars to purchase of the salvage pools and that is reflected in the prices, we are actually paying for these parts cars. And fourth, while mainly consumers appear to be choosing to repair only the necessary parts to make our cars roadworthy, I do believe that there are repairs that are being deferred and will ultimately be completed to fix the cosmetic sections of these damaged cars. And finally, our balance sheet remains strong and provides us with the flexibility to grow our operations. Our leverage is less than 2.8 times EBITDA. We have liquidity at the quarter end in excess of $150 million. Maintenance capital spending is roughly only $15 million per year, and we have sufficient cash flow to fund our organic growth. While the current economic environment is posing challenges for many, we are very well capitalized to take advantage of the opportunities that we believe are likely to come on the horizon, over the next several years. And with that, Ryan, I think we would like to open for questions.
Question-and-Answer-Section:
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Hi, good morning, Tony.
Mark T. Spears: Good morning.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: First question I had was, when you look at what’s going on in the aftermarket side of the business, and you went from sort of a down almost negative to in the fourth quarter and it looks like organic growth almost is up 2.4% this quarter, so a nice sequential improvement there. And I’m assuming this. One, this was the toughest comparison year-over-year. Joe, can you sort of give us some color on, was this a sequential acceleration as the quarter progressed. Did you start-off at a level of aftermarket business and that was sort of at this run rate and maintained and, as we moved forward and you sort of anniversary some easing comparisons as the year progresses and then along with, and then I guess what you talked about your, going to a single screen for recycled and aftermarket. Should we expect continued positive growth in the aftermarket in spite along the macro backdrop?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Maybe just I, looking maybe what’s happened in the industry in the quarter. I’d say, we started out the quarter fairly strong and January was, and early February was stronger than the back half of the quarter. I would say that we probably had some weather assist, especially in some of the great legs, traditional rustbelt, New England market. Coming on a more macro level, one thing I would point out, I think it help the business and the industry overall is the fact that the latest data that have come out of both estimating companies Mitchell and CCC, both of those put out reports within the last thirty days that would suggest alternative part usage gained another point to two points of market share on the collision crash parts. So, in terms of going into the balance of the year, obviously, we’ve put out same-store sales growth guidance of 6% to 8%. We’re a little short of that for the first quarter. So I think somewhat implied in those numbers would be a belief that as we get into the second half of the year and as you pointed out maybe the comparisons get slightly easier on our aftermarket parts, that we might see a little more acceleration from the first quarter.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Has April in general been as good as the last quarter or maybe a little bit better, given what you just commented about Mitchell and CCC and some of the other trends that might be going on?
Joseph M. Holsten:  No. April has been one of our tougher months. And starting 2009, no different than as kind of prior years, the April revenues are off from both March and Q1 levels. And like I have said, that’s something we’ve seen pretty much every year we have been in the business and then we get kind of a steadying effect and the low acceleration later in the quarter.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: When you made the comments about, in some locations going to the view or the screen view of recycled and aftermarket parts on the same screen. What percentage would you say of your locations now have that ability and is there a delta or a noticeable difference between those that have been converted versus non-converted in what you are seeing from a sales perspective?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Well, 100% of the LKQ operations would now have that capability. I think, the issue is really more of a continued training and familiarity with the systems, because of the fluidness of moving between screens and invoicing. Sales people will take the path of least resistance unfortunately. I think we’ve got pretty good metrics in place now that we can identify the sales people who are not effective in converting sales opportunities and to aftermarket part sales. And it’s just kind of that tedious part of management of identifying people who aren’t performing, counseling, coaching, training and ultimately making termination decisions for people who can’t get with the program.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. All right, thanks, guys. I’ll let someone else take it.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Okay, Tony. Thanks.
Sarah Lewensohn:  Tony.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James Financial.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Thank you. This is actually Jeff calling in for Sam. Good morning.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: My first question, well, first of all, can you remind us at what point last year did you really start to see improvements in fill rates on the recycled side?
Joseph M. Holsten:  I would say the improvements on our fill rates on the recycled side were very gradual throughout the year. And I think I had indicated on our last call that if we just looked at kind of the typical LKQ recycled plant as we got to end of the year, seeing not in stocks down at the 30% level was getting to be pretty normal.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: And prior to last year, what was normal, maybe 40%?
Joseph M. Holsten:  No, no. We were in the 30s for sure, but probably more in a 30%, 33% to 35% range.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Okay. The data we’ve gotten from Adesa has made it look like used vehicle prices were significantly higher in Q1 sequentially, but it sounds from what you’ve given us like you did a good job, actually buying cheaper in Q1? Can you talk a little bit about what you think allowed you to do that and what the trends are going forward?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Yeah. The number, we mentioned the 14% out of a quarter one 2008 to quarter one 2009 comparison. So, we should keep that in mind as a starting point. And I would say that the majority of that reduction, quite frankly, is just a pass-through of the reduction in scrap metal prices. I can’t sit here and tell you that our gross margins have improved dramatically in the recycled side of the business. So I think this is more a reflection of the scrap metals market than anything else. We’re quite happy with our buying discipline as evidenced in the improvement in the not in stocks and certainly with the ability, I think, of our buyers and scouts to continue to bring down what we are paying for vehicles. Yet, maintain our revenues and maintain our gross margins.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Are you comfortable that you can keep those fill rates up in the mid to high 30s or do you think we’ll see a reversal to kind of historical levels?
Joseph M. Holsten:  No, I think the not in stocks. I cannot see any reason we should not be able to maintain the levels we’re at right now.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Okay. Next question, I just had one question on the Ford settlement. Is there any material legal expense that goes away, given the settlement?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Well, what goes away is certainly the uncertainty of exactly what those legal costs might have been had we continued with the trial and the appeals, which certainly would have followed on both the F-150 and the Mustang cases. I think it was clear that there was at least one court case and one to two additional appeals that we would have been financing and expensing over the next couple of years. I think that, in addition to curbing legal expenses and eliminating kind of the uncertainty of the outcome of litigation. There are kind of intangible benefits that come with the settlement. We believe that CAPA should begin the process of re-certifying the parts that have patents. CAPA has been decertifying parts when they became aware of it. There was a patent on a part. So over time, that’s going to increase the number of parts that we and our industry will be able to sell. Another intangible, I think, is that the manufacturers will regain confidence in the United States as a good market. They had grown concern about the litigation on patents; one of the manufacturers actually had two attorneys on staff. And all they did was review parts part-by-part to form a decision as to whether or not they should manufacture those parts. We are hopeful that this is a good step in the right direction toward forging a healthier working relationship with Ford. We have we think strong working relationships with a number of OE’s, and we would hope that this positions us to improve our working relationship with Ford. And finally, there are those insurance carriers who do not use aftermarket parts or have restrictions on the aftermarket parts that they use. And although speculative on our behalf, we believe that this settlement of the suite should remove at least one of what could be several barriers, but it certainly removes one of the barriers of insurance carriers using more aftermarket products.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Okay. And just one more question from me in sticking with the aftermarket parts. Now that we are a couple of quarters into the big drop in commodity prices, have you started to see any benefit from lower procurement cost of aftermarket parts, especially, given lower freight and tool costs.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Yeah. I would say that those came into our pricing negotiations right around the year-end, maybe early into the first quarter. So, certainly those benefits would be embedded in the product that’s been moving into inventory during the first quarter. The steel cost change was really pretty nominal, because most of the manufacturers had been absorbing the run up in steel prices in 2008, the majority of them eight, I’d say a significant amount of that run up were they had purchase contracts in place that protected them against the increases. And then certainly there has been a reduction in the cost for the shipping lines. I’d say, probably more of a Q4 event than 2009 event.
Mark T. Spears: Yes. And obviously, nothing happened in the last 60 days. So that would be placed in our guidance as that comes through, anything we negotiated.
Jeffrey Saut – Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Good morning, everybody.
Mark T. Spears: Good morning.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Hey, good morning Craig.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Congratulations on a really nice quarter on several fronts. I want to just follow-up on the Ford issue with respect to State Farm. We asked this question a lot, but any progress with respect to State Farm?
Joseph M. Holsten:  No, I’ll just say, Craig, we’ve mapped during the quarter, either map personally or a number of phone discussions with the majority of the leading insurance carriers, meaning anyone with a market share of 4% or 5% or better. And the focus from them, quite frankly was not so much on the Ford settlement. They were all pleased to see that, that had been accomplished, but far more focused on their behalf on concerns about supply disruptions and what sort of safety stock we had in place? How long it took us to gear up? And how long it would take for the manufacturers to gear up if there were a marked improvement from one of the major carriers who has restrictions on an aftermarket part utilization to relax those and that could come in any form, obviously State Farms is the one that seems most apparent to all of us, but there are other carriers who use only CAPA parts today. And there are possibilities that those carriers would consider removing our CAPA only restriction, should there be material disruptions in the supply chain.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Do you see a need to commit additional working capital to inventory in preparation for that?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Actually, we carried a stronger inventory in the first quarter than would have been normal preparing for, I’ll say the possibility.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And then you’ve had some success on the value price non-CAPA certified aftermarket parts. Can you just discuss how that has progressed?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Well, we’ve been very happy with this. That’s probably about $40 million product line for us at the moment. You’ll have to see what the seasonality is as the part sales really have a better triangulation on what that figure is, but certainly it’s a product line that gets us back in, I think in sales mode with some of the rebuilders they would be kind of one of the larger clients and, maybe one of the difference between LKQ’s action, operations and the Keystone operations. If you’d go back a couple of years, Keystone has really focused on the A accounts, they were not that focus on what we would call the C&D accounts the kind of the incidental short purchase and action was a little bit more focused on that group. And certainly, I think the value line product gives us an entry to those C&D shops.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Thank you. And then with respect to the acquisition pipeline, could you just discuss what’s available today whether prices have comedown meaningfully. And what your capital needs would be if you wanted to pursue those?
Joseph M. Holsten:  We are increasing our activity level in the acquisition front as we speak. Coming off the heels of $800 million Keystone integration, we thought it prudent to see somewhat on the sidelines and with some of the gyrations in the scrap market over the last three to four quarters was probably not a great market to be buying businesses anyway. I’ll say, reengaging at a higher level. Our focus will be on acquisitions and the late-model salvage business. Probably, we like to see a couple of more heavy-duty truck deals come our way during the balance of the year. And our focus will be on new geographical market entries. We will continue with probably a couple of additional Greenfield developments over the next 12 months. We will be targeting lower multiples, I think, a year, year and a half ago we were probably talking about multiples that range from five times EBITDA to seven times EBITDA. Certainly, we’d like to bring those down a couple points and that remains to be seeing whether the market will be accommodating offers at those levels, but we think, there is not a lot of buyers out there. So it will be our intent to negotiate parts and I think the company is well positioned. We, essentially with the direction of our Board, we’ve come to this time with a view of keeping our powder dry, and anticipating the possibility that there could be opportunities that we really didn’t think of. So we’re looking forward to the next few quarters to get back in deeper discussions with people.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Hayes with Piper Jaffray & Co.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thank you. Joe, I was wondering if you could just provide some commentary regarding the heavy-duty truck acquisitions kind of versus your expectations. And then I guess just kind of a second one on that line of thought is, when do you think that that segment will become significant enough to provide some separate breakout as far as revenue numbers?
Joseph M. Holsten:  I’ll let Mark answer the back half of that question. The impact on the economy, on the heavy-duty truck has probably been a little tougher than I would have expected and part of that, I think, is probably coming with the strength of the dollar, compared to our entry point into heavy-duty truck. So the total revenues of the acquired businesses, probably a little short, not significantly short, but a little short of what our pro forma modeling would have been at the outset. I think we make up for that over time. I don’t see any kind of flaws in our strategic logic for moving into the business. I’ve done probably, mostly, the ability to sustain the gross margins that we had expected, and I think a lot of that’s coming out of the fact that the acquisition market, but the salvage acquisition market has been pretty good. The number of fleet operators, due to the soft economy, who were making decisions to take trucks out of service, has done a pretty surprising level. I’m very convinced that our models provide a national secure disposal service is going to be very attractive to large fleet operators. And as I commented in my canned remarks upfront, we just saw our second national deal come on board during the first quarter to capture a significant volume of a national fleet operator. Our network’s not that complete, we’ve got a nice strength through the central corridor of the United States. So our next focus will be something on the right, and the left coast and that will make a significant impact in our ability to reduce freight costs, where we are successful in getting national secure salvage disposal deals.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay.
Joseph M. Holsten:  Mark.
Mark T. Spears:  You were asking what percentage of our revenue was heavy-trucks and how long before it gets significant. I mean, we are a $2 billion company and we kind of talked about the deals we’ve done. Obviously, it’s still a pretty small insignificant percentage. It kind of probably depends as we continue to grow them. I guess, what I’m saying, the next 24 months, it’s not going to be a major percentage of our $2 billion revenue, there’s just no way, the math just doesn’t work.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. And then just one quick follow-up, Mark, I think you had mentioned that as far as April trends you expected, I think you said net income and EPS to be lower versus 1Q. Does that imply that total revenue would below 1Q and is that total sales or organic sales?
Mark T. Spears:  That would really be total. I mean, the thing that messes those trends up, if you go back historically as we do acquisitions.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Right.
Mark T. Spears:  But, and we’ve done some acquisitions as we mentioned this quarter, but they were kind of weighted in the first part of the quarter. So you’re not going to see a big up and down unless we do another deal in Q2. I think Q2 is always seasonally down if you strip out acquisition effect. And so, yes, it would be the organic on a sequential basis now, we are not saying Q2 to Q2.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Organic sequential is down a little bit?
Mark T. Spears:  Sequentially it’s going to be a lower quarter, it always did is unless we go buy a big company in Q2 which we’ve done before. So it’s more of a sequential, is what we’re talking about here. As Joe indicated, April is little slower than we would have liked, but it’s kind of hard, we only got three weeks done here out of a 13-week quarter.
Tom Hayes – Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. Thank you.
Joseph M. Holsten:  We’re coming up on 11:30. I think we can probably get one more call in. And then to be respectful of your time, we’ll close it out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Thank you. I guess the first question, just a point of clarification. The 14% reduction in the cost per car, is that, are we’re talking about just wholesale?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Yes. Sure. That’s just for the late model wholesale vehicles.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. March and April, I guess we’ve seen the miles driven through February. I think you guys may get some data that maybe most other people don’t, that might be more recent. Have you seen anything after February for either March or April for total miles driven?
Joseph M. Holsten:  No, February is the last data point we have anything official on.
Mark T. Spears:  That comes out of the Department of Transportation.
Sarah Lewensohn:  Yes. We see the same thing you do.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay, okay. I thought maybe you had some other sources that that just from within.
Sarah Lewensohn:  We haven’t found one yet.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Could you discuss what kind of volumes you’re seeing these days at the auctions?
Joseph M. Holsten:  During the quarter very healthy. The auctions we attended most weeks we were seeing 54 or 55,000 vehicles. One of the trends we noticed during the quarter was the salvage pools were running the same vehicles through the auctions two, three, four or five times. We have a very standard rule that’s punishable by death if you violate it. We don’t bump bid on vehicles that go through the auction the second time. If anything, we take our bids down. But volumes were very strong in the quarter, the last couple of weeks, say, it eased up a little bit.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. And then, my last question has to do, getting back to the heavy-duty truck business. You said fleet operators are taking a lot of trucks out of service. Are they cannibalizing these trucks for parts or are they just sending them straight to the auctions to dispose of them?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Well, they’re really during an assortment of things. Yes there is cannibalization going on, in some cases, fairly significant. So, most of these trucks, it’s kind of the industry whether they’re garbage trucks or cement trucks, you can probably always run one of those about one more year and that’s what a lot of companies are doing. They’ve extended their fleet life by one to two years. We think that should bode well for demand for our used parts along the way. But there’s, cannibalization is going on, the interactions with companies like us for just kind of negotiated sales, I think are much higher than what we would have been seeing a year ago. And I really don’t know that, I could make a comment on the auction, how it is on heavy-duty trucks? What their volumes have been? Whether they are up or down?
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Okay. With the overall freight tonnage weigh down? How does that play into your thinking about doing more acquisitions in this space?
Joseph M. Holsten:  Well, I think we’re kind of a long-term players, I think our desire to have a national capability here remains unchanged. The space that you go into, any store you go into, almost anything you buy got there on a truck. And it’s hard to imagine that changing in the next decade or a couple of decades. So we are committed for the short-term, freight tonnage is down or miles down, hopefully, that just helps us get into markets at a lower cost for the entry.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: Is your truck business focus mostly on your basic straight hauling tractors, the class A type trucks or some of the specialty vocational type trucks like garbage trucks and MAN Mixer and things like that?
Joseph M. Holsten:  It’s really both. I would say right now we weighted a little heavier towards the more specialty type A truck.
William Armstrong – C.L. King & Associates: I see. Okay. Thank you.
Joseph M. Holsten:  All right. Thanks, Bill.
Sarah Lewensohn:  Thanks, Bill.
Joseph M. Holsten: I’d like to call it a call. We’ve kept you a few minutes past and look forward to talking to you. My guess is that we’ll probably start our next earnings call to be the last Thursday of July. So I will talk to you then. Thanks for joining.
Sarah Lewensohn: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Holsten – President and Chief Executive Officer  Mark Spears – EVP and Chief Financial Officer Sarah Lewensohn – Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray Unidentified Analyst Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the LKQ fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Sarah Lewensohn, Director of Investor Relations. 
Sarah Lewensohn:  Good morning everyone, and welcome to the LKQ Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. With me today from LKQ Corporation is Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Spears, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Both Joe and Mark will share their thoughts on our results and then open the call up for questions. In addition to those who are listening by telephone, we’re providing an audio cast via the LKQ web site, and both forms will have replays available shortly after the conclusion of the call.  Before we begin with our discussion, I’d like to read the following. The statements in this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, and strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date from which it was made except as required by law, and we ask that you please refer to our 2008 Form 10-K and the press release we issued this morning for information on potential risks.  With that, I will turn this over to Mr. Holsten.
Joe Holsten: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I will begin by providing some high level comments about our performance as well as some perspective on the business, our industry, and the markets that we serve. 2008 was the year where we realized significant achievements, yet faced sizeable challenges. We reached our 10-year anniversary having founded the company in 1998 by combining 5 recycled automobile parts businesses with combined annual revenue of only $33 million. As you can see from the results we issued this morning, we have come a long way from where we started.  Revenue for the year was $1.9 billion, a 72% increase over revenue for 2007, and we generated diluted earnings per share after restructuring costs of $0.71 for 2008, a 29% increase over earnings per share of $0.55 in 2007. Most of the revenue growth is the result of our acquisition of Keystone completed in October 2007. We did deliver organic revenue growth of 2008 of roughly 9%, which was calculated as if we owned Keystone for all of 2007. On a pro forma basis, total revenue for the year grew approximately 13% as compared to 2007, driven by increases in the sale of recycled parts and services and by the growth of other revenue. Aftermarket new and refurbished revenue for 2008 was up slightly or by 1%, reflecting a slowing of the growth we realized in the first half of the year to a modest decline in the second half of 2008. While gasoline prices dropped during the fourth quarter, high fuel costs throughout much of the year led consumers to drive less and stay closer to home. Miles driven for the fourth quarter were down 3.5% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2007, and for the year down 3.6%.  Claims volume continued to decline in the fourth quarter. Recent data from carriers that we’ve polled indicate they are down 5% to 10% over the prior year. AllState indicated their claims were down 7% in the fourth quarter over prior year and down 6.5% for the entire year. With revenue growth of 23% for the recycled parts and services category and relatively flat revenue for the aftermarket other new and refurbished product category for all of 2008, we believe that we are winning a greater share of the collision repair parts business in both recycled and aftermarket parts.  In the fourth quarter, we saw a decline in aftermarket other new and refurbished parts sales of 2% on a year over year basis, yet with supplier reports of aftermarket part imports down 7% according to one vendor and down 20% from another vendor, we believe our share of the aftermarket collision parts industry is growing. The continuation of high fuel prices, lower miles driven, and a reduction in insured claims limited the growth of our collision repair parts during the year. Demand for mechanical parts appears to be impacted to a lesser extent.  Purchase of cars for wholesale recycled parts totaled 38000 units during the fourth quarter, a 17% increase from the nearly 33,000 we acquired in the fourth quarter of last year. Wholesales vehicles that we acquired from the salvage auctions accounted for approximately 97% of the total incoming wholesale product flow. During the quarter, we purchased more than 77,000 lower cost self-serve and crush-only cars as compared to 52,000 in the prior year. The fourth quarter 2008 total includes approximately 28,000 purchased cars from the Pick-Your-Part acquisition that we completed in late August. For the full year of 2008, we purchased 144,500 cars for our wholesale recycled parts business as compared to 126,000 cars in 2007. During the same period, we acquired 297,000 lower cost self-serve and crush-only units, an increase of 50% over 2007. If we exclude the vehicles acquired at our Pick-Your-Part locations, we purchased 257,000 units, a 30% increase as compared to 2007. The value of crushed car bodies, like most steel-related commodities, reached record high by mid summer and near record lows in the late fall. For the most part, scrap metal from crushed car bodies is a byproduct of our recycling operations. The dramatic price movement, however, was in a relatively short period of time negatively impacted our financial results in the fourth quarter.  The operating results for the fourth quarter reflect the challenges we faced with this rapid collapse of the scrap market at the start of Q4. Gross margin for the quarter declined 260 basis points as compared to the same period last year as a result of the increases we realized on our cost of goods when we sold the scrap from the cars we had in inventory at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Operating income was further impacted due to lower volumes at our self-service facility. Despite these challenges, net income for 2008 grew 52% to $100 million from $66 million for the prior year. Mark will talk more about the financial results in a few minutes. Now let me turn to the summary and update of the integration of Keystone with the LKQ operations and this is probably the last quarter we’ll discuss this. When we first announced the Keystone acquisition, we indicated that we anticipated annual savings of $35 million by 2010. Having realized at least $20 million in 2008, we now believe we will reach our target of $35 million run rate in savings by the end of 2009. Over the past 15 months, we’ve accomplished much, as we’ve completed all except two of the planned conversions to the Prelude point of sale and inventory management system in the US. We’ve reduced 37 operating site by consolidating warehouses and closing store fronts. We’ve conformed customer discounts and company price lists, and we’ve trained hundreds of LKQ sales and operating people in the Prelude sales and inventory system.  The review of sales volumes and production capacity of the remaining 55 bumper, wheel, and light refurbishing locations is continuing, so we can determine future plant consolidation opportunity. We are committed to continue to improve operating margins by integrating the two companies into one by the end of the year. Our regional management structure was completely combined.  By consolidating the management oversight of both the aftermarket and the recycling businesses in a given geography, we intend to enhance revenue growth opportunities and achieve improved cost control. The remapping of the organization is allowing us to consolidate and share shuttles, integrate delivery routes in a number of markets, and consolidate sales representatives from the recycled and aftermarket businesses. Today, members of our product and business development teams call on repair shops with a broader set of alternative collision parts and product solutions. Last quarter, I mentioned that we were testing a new customer service called Key List which automates the estimate review program and creates streamlined parts ordering. This program electronically synchronizes an estimate written by an insurance estimator or a repair shop to our inventory systems and notifies the user of available recycled or aftermarket parts. If the customer desires to do so, the aftermarket portion of the estimate can be converted into an online order increasing accuracy and moving more of our sales into a B2B arena. Key List also provides LKQ with a list of parts that could not be located within our inventory to allow us for a last look for additional sales.  We have installed Key List in several markets for one of the top 7 insurance carriers, and to date the results and feedbacks have been quite positive. We anticipate they will look to expand its reach to other markets in which they operate. The product is also being rolled out to fleet management companies that increasingly own rather than lease their fleet, and as much as most self-insure for damage, they have a direct incentive to control collision repair expenses. During the year, we completed a number of acquisitions, the largest the purchase of Pick Your Part auto wrecking, a self-service operation with 9 sites in California that annual 2007 revenues of $114 million. During the quarter, we purchased two recycle operations in Western Ontario in order to expand our market presence in that Canadian province. We acquired three heavy-duty recycled truck parts operations in Chicago, Toledo, and Houston and liked them with our Quebec operation to formally network the recycled truck parts businesses. More recently in 2009, we acquired another heavy-duty recycled truck parts business based in Tampa and a wholesale salvage recycling business in Durham, North Carolina. These two new locations generated $13 million of combined historical annual revenues.  The heavy-duty recycled truck parts market is similar to market attributes we saw when we first began to acquire auto recycled businesses. It is an industry that is highly fragmented, and there are numerous small mom and pop companies operating with little benefit of scale and who lack the capital necessary to finance inventory and growth. The trucking industry is facing significant cost pressures, while revenues are contracting along with the economic downturn. Many trucking companies have moved to an asset light economic model that has shifted more of the financial burden onto owner operators. The use of recycled truck parts offers a strong value proposition to these very cost conscious customers.  We are building traction with Secure Disposal and have signed two large national accounts, one a global parcel delivery company and the other a large cement business to handle their outgoing fleet. Secure Disposal is a service where we believe we have a significant competitive advantage over local and regional truck salvage operators. We believe we can leverage some of our existing systems and capabilities such as our yard management system and our procurement disciplines to further enhance the financial performance of these acquired businesses. I’d like to ask Mark to walk you through some of the financial information at this point.
Mark Spears: Good morning everyone! As we did last quarter, we included a few additional tables that we believe are helpful as you evaluate our results. One of the schedules is a comparison of our major revenue categories on a pro forma basis as if Keystone for all of 2007. You may recall that the acquisition occurred in mid October of 2007, so the 2008 financials reflect Keystone as part of LKQ for the full year, but they’re only in 2007 for 2-1/2 months. Looking at our income statement and the related tables, our fourth quarter revenue was up 13.4% to $470.3 million from $414.7 million in Q4 2007. Revenue for 2008 grew 71.9% to $1.937 billion compared with $1.127 billion for 2007. As Joe mentioned earlier, our organic revenue growth calculated on a pro forma basis that assumes we owned Keystone for all of 2007 was just under 1% for the fourth quarter and 8.8% for the full year of 2008.  Gross margin for the fourth quarter of 2008 was 42% versus 44.6% in the prior year. The decline was largely due to scrap and commodity pricing in our recycled product line, in particular the self-service facilities. On a year-to-date basis, the 2008 gross margin was 44.2% versus 44.9% in 2007. Facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue for Q4 2008 was 10.8% versus 9.7% in 2007. The percentage decline in the quarter was related to our self-service operations as they run at a higher percentage of these types of cost to revenue. On a full year basis facility and warehouse expenses grew $71.1 million or 61% over 2007, and a percentage of revenue was 9.7%, a decrease of 60 basis points from the prior year. Sequentially from Q3 to Q4 2008, facility and warehouse expenses grew $2.4 million. This increase was primarily due to our acquisition of Pick Your Part on August 25, 2008.   Distribution expenses for Q4 2008 were $3.3 million or 8.3% over Q4 2007. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs decreased to 9.2% in Q4 2008 from the 9.6% in 2007. For the full year of 2008, distribution expenses grew $71.9 million or 66.4% over 2007, and as a percentage of revenue improved to 9.3% from 9.6% for the same period in 2007.  Selling general and administrative expenses grew $10.3 million or 18.8% over Q4 2007. SG&A as a percentage of revenue increased to 13.9% in Q4 2008 from 13.2% in Q4 2007. This growth as a percentage of revenue for the quarter is related to our self-service yards, like it was for in facility and warehouse expense. For the full year of 2008, SG&A expenses grew $111.1 million or 78.9% over 2007. For the same period, these expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 13% in 2008 from 12.5% in 2007. Selling and administrative costs tend to be higher for the aftermarket products than for the recycled. During the third quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $1.9 million as part of our operating expenses, and for the full year had $8.6 million, all of which are related to the Keystone acquisition. You should note that certain costs of the Keystone acquisition related to severance and certain facility closure costs are considered purchase price allocations and are not charged to the income statement.   Our operating income decreased 35.6% to $27.8 million in Q4 2008 from $43.2 million in Q4 2007. Our margin was 5.2% in Q4 2008 compared to 10.4% in Q4 2007. Excluding restructuring expenses, operating margin in Q4 2008 would have been 6.3%. Looking at the full year 2008, operating income grew 61.2% to $197.7 million from $122.7 million in 2007. The 2008 operating margin was 10.2% compared to 10.9% in 2007. Excluding restructuring expenses, 2008 full year operating margin would have been 10.6%. The erosion of Q4 2008 and full year operating margin excluding restructuring expense is attributable to our self-service facilities.  The results of our self-service operations for the fourth quarter were extremely disappointing and considerably below the expectations we had when we updated guidance as part of our third quarter earnings release. We did not fully anticipate three things. First, the values of both ferrous and nonferrous metals plunged far below nearly everyone’s worst case scenario and at a faster speed. Second, the competitive market to buy self-service vehicles remained extremely strong resulting in prices for cars that were not supported by scrap values, and third, car volumes available was much lower than our expectations. In order to understand the situation better, let me start by providing a sense of scale of the business. In 2008, total revenue for our self-service operations was $184 million or 9.5% of LKQ’s total revenue. Approximately 33% of the self-service revenue was included in recycled and related products and services reflecting part-related sales, and 67% was included in other revenue comprising of core and scrap sales. Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 in the self-service businesses was $38 million or 8.2% of total revenue. Approximately 50% was for recycled products and 50% was in the other revenue category in the fourth quarter.  We generated the following statistics when comparing Q4 2008 to Q3 2008 for our sales services businesses, excluding the Pick Your Part or PYP business we acquired late in August 2008. Self-service cars procured in Q4 cost 34% less than those procured in the third quarter. Average scrap prices received for car dropped 60% from that received in Q3. We procured 38% less self-service cars in Q4 compared to Q3. The effect of having more expensive cars in inventory in Q3 that were then sold at the lower Q4 scrap prices generated approximately $8 million of lower gross profits in Q4. While our gross margin per car is not yet where it needs to be, we are moving in the right direction. Our guidance for 2009 reflects these trends. We very much like the self-service business. Historically, it has performed well, and we expect it to return to more normal trends as we enter the second quarter.  Looking further down the income statement, we had net interest expense in Q4 2008 of $8.6 million as compared to $9.9 million in Q4 2007. This decrease is primarily a result of lower interest rates. The Q4 2008 pre-tax income decreased 41% to $19.9 million from $33.7 million in Q4 2007. For the full year 2008, pre-tax income increased 51.1% to $163.6 million from a $108.3 million in 2007. For the full year 2008, our effective tax rate was 38.9% compared to 39.1% in 2007. If you exclude the effect of certain adjustments for a new federal tax deduction and certain new state tax credit, our effective tax rate for 2008 would have been 39.7%. If you exclude certain non-taxable income offset by write-offs of certain deferred tax assets in 2007, our effective tax rate would have been 40% for 2007. Net income for the quarter decreased 39.8% to $13 million from $21.5 million in Q4 2007. For the full year 2008, net income increased 51.6% to $99.9 million from $65.9 million for the same period of 2007. Our diluted earnings per share decreased 43.8% to $0.09 for Q4 2008 from $0.16 in Q4 2007. For the full the year 2008, diluted earnings per share increased 29.1% to $0.71 from $0.55 in 2007. Without restructuring expenses, earnings per share for Q4 2008 would have been $0.10, and for the full year 2008, would have been $0.75.  Our diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for calculating EPS were as follows. Q4 2008 at 142.4 million shares versus Q4 2007 at 138.8 million shares. Full year 2008 at 141 million shares versus full year 2007 at 119.9 million shares. Shifting our focus to the cash flow table, we generated $133 million in cash from operations for the full year. Capital expenditures for 2008 excluding business acquisitions were $66.9 million. Cash used to acquire businesses for 2008 were $74.2 million. During the full year 2008, we issued 2.7 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in $22.9 million in cash which includes related tax benefits. Taking a look at the balance sheet as of December 31, 2008, you will see we had debt of $642.9 million that included $638.3 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalents were $79.1 million at the end of 2008. As of February 25th, we had approximately $53 million in cash and equivalents.  As many of you know, we have a revolving credit facility of $115 million provided under our secured credit facility. Currently, we have $5.3 million of borrowings under this line, and there are approximately $23 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by this facility reducing the availability for future borrowings to approximately $87 million. As we’ve previously reported in an 8-K filing with the SEC, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. which accounts for $15 million of revolver funding commitment filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 2008. Accordingly, we no longer believe this $15 million commitment is available, so in effect, our availability has been reduced to $72 million; however, we do not feel this $15 million number is significant to our liquidity needs. Let’s move to our 2009 financial guidance. As Joe indicated earlier in light of current economic environment and its impact on collision repair trends, we anticipate our organic revenue growth for 2009 excluding the other revenue category that we show in our financial tables to grow at a rate of 6 to 8%. LKQ anticipates full year 2009 net income will be in the range of $114 million to $123 million, and earnings per share will be in the range of $0.80 to $0.86 excluding any future restructuring expenses.  Net cash provided by operating activities for 2009 is projected to be over $145 million. While this $145 million cash from operations does not increase a lot compared to 2008 number, it is important to note that in 2008 we had some specific cash flow benefits. Looking at our cash flow statement, you’ll note we generated approximately $4 million in cash flows as we lowered our total inventory levels. This was primarily related to the benefits of combining the Keystone and LKQ aftermarket-related inventories as we merged facilities on the aftermarket side, reducing aftermarket inventory by around $17 million, partially offset by an increase in our salvage inventory. In 2009, we anticipate inventories to grow at the same pace of revenue, that’s 6 to 8% level. Offsetting this working capital growth, we expect to have $15 million less in payments in 2009 related to Keystone accrued acquisition expenses and restructuring expenses. The company estimates 2009 capital expenditures related to property and equipment excluding expenditures of acquiring businesses will be between $75 million to $80 million. Maintenance or replacement capital expenditures are expected to be slightly less than 20% of this range. We’re also providing quarterly guidance for the first quarter 2009 excluding any restructuring expenses. Net income is projected to be between $30 to $32 million, and diluted EPS is anticipated to be approximately $0.21 to $0.22. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding are anticipated to be approximately 143 million shares for 2009. Share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as future stock issuances, the number of options exercised in subsequent periods, and changes in our stock price. I’ll like to turn back to Joe for some closing comments.  
Joe Holsten: Before you go to questions, I'd like to make a few more comments and share our outlook for the businesses and the industries in which we operate. While we are operating in a period of economic uncertainty, we at LKQ continue to believe that the current financial woes will translate into benefits that will accrue to the shareholders of our company. Over the past five years, we have realized compounded annual revenue growth of 43%, and our shareholders have realized a compounded annual earnings growth of 29%. What made LKQ a good investment a good investment over that time period we believe still holds true today.  The demand for alternative collision and mechanical parts will continue to grow. Recycled and aftermarket collision parts provide significant cost savings over the use of new OEM parts to repair vehicle damage. Insurance companies, the payment source for nearly 85% of all collision repairs, operate in an extremely competitive market and are constantly searching for ways to improve their operating ratios without raising premiums. LKQ alternative parts offer a way for them to reduce claims cost without sacrificing quality. For those instances where consumers are the ultimate payer, they too will look to find ways to mitigate their repair costs by doing only what is necessary and by looking for less costly ways to complete their repairs. Next, I’d say our company has the right inventory in stock. The flux in the automobile industry is leading the service erosion by selected auto dealers unable to consistently deliver new OEM replacement parts. OEM inventories are lean as a result of factory closures, both temporary and permanent, and the closure of auto dealerships is threatening the availability of new OEM replacement parts. We are seeing instances especially in rural markets where the closure of a dealership results in an underserved market area and an opportunity for LKQ to provide alternative parts in a timely manner. A recent study by Mitchell seems to validate this trend as they reported that the usage rate of new OEM parts and collision repairs declined by 2 full points over the last six months. Used car prices are down, leading to more claims being declared total losses and helping generate a healthy supply of vehicles for purchases as salvage pools. Our fulfillment rates continue to be well above the industry average. We see the benefit of this in the prices that we are paying for cars as well, as our average cost for a wholesale car was down 9% in the fourth quarter as compared to the prior year fourth quarter.  Next, some of our vendors in Taiwan have lost OE supply contracts, which is enabling them to focus additional resources on the production of aftermarket parts. On the procurement side for aftermarket parts, the drop in steel prices and shipping costs will help us protect our margins. It is generally believed that the economic downturn will lead to consumer owning their cars longer and deferring new car purchases. This may enhance demand for alternative parts both collision and mechanical as a result of the nation driving an older fleet of cars and as consumers look to minimize repair costs.  I’d also focus on our balance sheet and its strength as it provides us with the flexibility to grow our operations, as our leverage is less than three times EBITDA. We have liquidity in excess of $120 million. Our maintenance capital spending is roughly only $15 million per year, and we obviously have sufficient cash flow to fund our growth.  The combination of LKQ and Keystone cemented our significant market leadership position as a provider of recycled and aftermarket parts and provides operating leverage to grow revenue by selling ancillary product lines to repair shops and to expand margins by reducing redundancies. While the current economic environment is posing challenging for many, we are well capitalized to take advantage of the many opportunities that we believe are likely to come on the horizon over the next several years.  At this point, we’d like to open the lines for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: The first question I want to ask is when you look at the 6-8% organic growth, which I guess is a function of both the aftermarket and the recycled, what are the underlying assumptions there from an organic standpoint? Is it fair to say that recycled might be positive low double and aftermarket might be low single?
Joe Holsten: Maybe not quite to that extreme, Tony, but you’re right. The budgets we put together would show slightly stronger organic growth for the recycled parts as compared to the aftermarket products. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: If you look at the mix of business, the aftermarket obviously is going to be a bigger contributor of the organic on a mix proportion, so you’re saying that what we saw here the last few quarters on organic for recycled is that level or better, whereas aftermarket you’re down 2, so am I still thinking flat to down? Is that sort of where we need to be on aftermarket?
Joe Holsten: No, absolutely not. I think the recycled parts business is getting a little more strength on organic growth due to the fact that there is a mechanical component that is not present in the aftermarket product line. The assumption on our aftermarket products quite frankly is that we think we’ve slugged through a year of integration work. Certainly our comps are going to become easier as the year progresses, but I think most importantly as I indicated I think the integration work is largely behind us. There was significant amount of training of LKQ sales reps on new systems that’s very disruptive as well as the price list integration work we did as well as the synchronization of customer discounts. We know that we lost jobbers throughout 2008 as a result of some of that work, but that is all behind us at this point, so it’s our anticipation that with the integration frustrations buried at this point, we should see the company growth start to accelerate a little bit.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: So, two months into the first quarter, are you seeing better aftermarket trends than what resulted in the fourth quarter?
Joe Holsten: Yes, we are. We’re six weeks into the year, and the performance in both our aftermarket parts business as well as the recycled parts business we’re very pleased with the results we see. They’re running the through six weeks at or over our plan in both segments. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Mark, when you look at the detail you gave in the scrap category, and some of the numbers I didn’t get them all down, but I think you said the Q4 number was $38 million for scrap, it was about 8.2% of total revenue, and it was 50% recycled and 50% other?
Mark Spears: The $38 million was the total revenue of our self-service operations, and 50% of that revenue was the scrap related to the self-serve and 50% was parts related to the self-serve.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Did give a gross margin number on that scrap business?
Mark Spears: I don’t want to call it scrap business because 50% of it is parts business. No, we just said that our gross profit for the quarter was $9 million positive, and we had an operating loss of $11.8.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: That was related to the values of scrap than it is to market place and volumes.
Mark Spears: Yes.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Has the cost of those cars sort of stabilized now? Have you sort of anniversaries some of those three issues?
Joe Holsten: Yes. There’s some good progress. The decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter was probably $140 a car. January flattened a little bit. Here in the second half of February, I think we’re seeing another leg down in what we paying for cars. I’d say it’s a gradual recovery that’s coming along according to plan. I’ll leave it at that.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: You gave good color on Q4. What does the headwind for first three quarters that you faced from a scrap or other category standpoint look like, or is there anyway you can quantify that a little bit for us? I’ll leave it at that.
Joe Holsten: I’m not quite sure what you are asking.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: How much benefit did you have the first three quarters of 2008 versus the hit that you had in the fourth quarter of 2008?
Joe Holsten:  Between volume issues and prices, I think that’s pretty tough for us to really discuss that meaningfully in this call. It probably warrants some followup discussion. I don’t think we are prepared to address that at this moment.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Can we assume a pretty tax rate to what you experienced in ’08 for ’09?
Mark Spears:  Yes. I think I said the normal rate was 39.7 or right around that. We use 40% for our guidelines because you never know how it fluctuates between different states you are in.
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Ss auction prices have come down, does that provide you guys with incremental margin opportunities or is that pretty much a full flow through? 
Mark Spears:  Repeat that. 
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Auction prices have come down, right? You can buy the recycled vehicles or the scrap vehicles for cheaper. Does that give you incremental margin opportunities that you can kind of hang on to at all? 
Mark Spears:  Are you talking about the wholesale yards? 
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Yes, the wholesale yards. 
Mark Spears:  On the wholesale yards, they don’t fluctuate as much, because there’s not near as much scrap that comes off those cars for the we do the cores and everything, so they have come down a little bit, which helps us because the little bit of scrap you get off of them has come down as well.
Joe Holsten: Scott, maybe another way to look at that is that we typically price our parts based on new OE parts, and whether we pay $1600 for a car or $1700 for a car, how we price the parts that we sell is irrelevant to what we pay for a vehicle. 
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: But the 9% you referenced was your cost for a wholesale vehicle, correct?
Joe Holsten: Yes. That is correct.
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: If I remember correctly, after the third quarter, you guys talked about a pretty nice pickup in the aftermarket business. It looks like it must have softened quite a bit in November and December. Now you’re suggesting it’s bounced back up first part of the first quarter. Can you help us understand why the growth rate might be so volatile there or why you are comfortable with, let’s call it, a mid single digit growth rate from that business when we are flat to negative for most of ’08?
Joe Holsten: I think I’d just go back to our view that the business line integration issues are behind us at this point. I think that’s probably the most important thing. I’m not going to repeat those comments, but I would probably add to them that we’ve also had an entire year now to rework our inventory. We have rebalanced probably over $20 million of inventory in Keystone that was good sellable inventory. It was just in the wrong market and in the wrong warehouse. It has taken us about a year to move that product out to a better diversity in the warehouse locations, and we’ve also introduced an additional product line and there are aftermarket parts arsenal that we would refer to as a value line of parts that is creating growth opportunity for the company as well. Just to be clear, those are parts that are probably typically going to be sold to re-builder, not sold to the collision repair shops who are typically seeking platinum plus products. It’s creating a nice growth opportunity for us. 
Scott Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Can you specifically address the fourth quarter? Maybe I had misinterpreted the third quarter comments, but I thought you said aftermarket was doing well, and then we finished slightly down on a quarter over quarter basis. Was there a big slackening in November and December or was that just economic driven, Joe?
Joe Holsten:  I would have to probably say it was economic driven. The mileage driven and accident rates probably continued to deteriorate or stayed soft longer than we probably would have expected. The AllState numbers for Q4 for their collision and claims experience, I think, continued to improve from their standpoint, or get worse from our standpoint.
Mark Spears: I think actually November had the biggest drop in mileage driven within the whole year. It’s a little surprising because the gas prices were down, but miles driven dropped 5.3% in the month of November, so some of the mileage in October and November were pretty weak. It got a little better in December, but that’s somehow tied to demand. When people really don’t drive as much, it’s going to hurt you a little bit on collision.
Joseph Holsten:  Just wanted to comment on that that we are not trying to be evasive in answering your question, but in the aftermarket product lines, it’s amazing how quickly sales respond to weather events as well. Weather is a pretty big factor in the revenue trends and our aftermarket product lines, and quite frankly we’ll see revenues start to move on a daily basis within 2 or 3 days of any kind of storm activity. I would assume modest weather conditions probably impacted the November-December results as well, and obviously we’ve seen some benefits from good weather conditions the first six weeks of the year.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Joe, you said you expect to get an incremental $15 million in cost synergy from the Keystone on top of $20 million enjoyed in 2008. How much of that $15 million is already in the bag and how much will result from actions you have yet to take? 
Joseph Holsten:  I’d say the majority is already in the bag. The final flow-through items we’re talking about are really down in the guts and bowels of the company. This is a truck coming off the street here and continuing to work out of a few modest warehouses. As I indicated on former calls, there’s another wave of integration savings that comes out over a 3- to 4-year period. These are markets where we will continue to look for opportunities to merge the LKQ and Keystone aftermarket operations into a single facility. We are working one of those in Houstin right now that we would expect to be operational by the end of 2009, and there is a situation where between the LKQ and Keystone operations, we’re leasing r or 4 different facilities that have managers and administrative people at all those locations. By the end of ’09, all those operations will be in a single piece of real estate operating from common warehouses and the ability to integrate routing, administrative functions, management functions and our sales organization have just exponentially improved, and there are probably 10 to 12 markets like that in the US that will probably take a good 3 to 4 years to get all of them.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: On the scrap steel issue, obviously there was a bubble in price, and we’re trying to quantify the impact there, but is there also bubble in volume? In other words, a lot of cars may have come out of the woodwork, and so as we model forward 2009, not only should we assume lower prices, but also fewer also fewer cars going through the self-service business?
Joe Holsten: I think that’s a fair assessment. When scrap prices briefly moved over $400 a ton or very close to $400 a ton, you’re correct, the volume of product in the market was very robust, and we’re not expecting obviously those levels of scrap prices any time soon, so yes, I would assume if the volume is available, then the market will be constrained a little bit.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Any chance you can quantify that? Should we expect a 10 or 20% decline in volumes? Is that a fair assumption?
Joe Holsten: Not really. It kind of comes back to what do you want to pay for the car, and that’s what we’ve been working with. You can get all the volumes if you want if you want to pay too much for the car, so the question is what’s the volume at the price we need based on scrap, so it’s kind of hard to sit here and tell you what would the volume of the client going to be. It depends on what price we end up at.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: In terms of your guidance, what kind of potential acquisitions are imbedded in that, or would acquisitions be incremental?
Mark Spears: No. That would be incremental. We haven’t put in any unknown acquisitions here or any that we would be working on. The only thing in these numbers is any deals that we’ve closed and we’ve talked about.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Joe, what’s the margin profile Key List program—you’re selling parts through a different B2B channel in some cases? Is the margin profile different there?
Joe Holsten: No, it would not be different.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Your program with Advanced Auto Parts. Any update there?
Joe Holsten: Actually it’s mildly encouraging. The results we’ve been seeing going through that program the last few weeks are annualizing around $10 million, some weeks maybe even a hair over that. The Advanced people have put a lot more pressure on their store managers to support the program. Catalogues of recycled parts have been created and are available in the Advanced stores. At least year over year the percentage gain is pretty meaningful, although the dollar impact of the program in the scheme of a couple of billion dollar company is still pretty nominal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cox with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray: My first question is on the self-serve segment of your business and the acquisition you completed. It seems to have increased your exposure to scrap and the general volatility in the market. Are you continuing to look for acquisitions in this field?
Joe Holsten: We are not actively pursuing acquisitions of self-service businesses at this point. It seems like everybody has had a question on that. Maybe it’s worth just taking a few minutes to retrace our background in the self-service business. We’ve been in the business for 5 years. Our first transaction was exactly five years ago I think this week, and 19 out of 20 quarters that we’ve reported, the results of the business has really been quite attractive. Obviously, the fourth quarter suffered because of what we perceive to be an unprecedented and immediate runs in scrap prices after an unprecedented run-up in the second and third quarters, and as we discussed with Craig, obviously the volumes accelerated quite a bit in 2008 because of the strong prices. What we wanted to profile today is as Mark indicated the self-service business is less than 10% of the total company, and again just to be clear, of the revenue generated from being in self-service, somewhere between 40% to 50% of that is really coming out of the actual sales of parts and services and admission fees that we charge. We have been busy the last 60 days addressing the overall business segment. We’ve successfully lowered our car costs significantly, and with that the volumes have come down slightly. In Q1, we’re seeing fairly stable cost per car, and again I think we’re seeing the cost per car that we pay drop again in the end of February. We’ve cut a lot of headcount out of the business, and if we look at our operations and overhead cost in January compared to where we were in October of last year, they’ve come down about 12% to 13%. We’ve increased prices on the parts and services at the majority of our locations. We’re raised them anywhere from 5 to 8%. That activity took place in January of this year, and we’re developing a new point of sale system that we think is going to allow for some further enhancements in our core charges and in the fees we charge. So we continue to like the business. We think it generates certainly gross margins and operating income margins that are consistent with our recycled parts business. We do believe we’re living through a couple of quarter issue as the market adjusts to the wild swings of the scrap businesses.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray: Taking it to the next step and looking at gross margins stabilizing, it sounds like in Q1 you’re expecting that to be soft again, but is Q2 really when we should start to see a more normalized margin?
Joe Holsten: In self-service in January, we operated at a small loss. Certainly significantly less than what we saw in any of the months in the fourth quarter. I would note that part of that loss was attributed to the fact that the majority of our self-service managers held their non-ferrous scrap in January which is being shipped in February and March, so we’re expecting February probably to be around breakeven in the business and we’re successful in moving the car cost down another $40, which we think we will be, then we should see the margins start trending back toward more normal levels in March and certainly in Q2.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray: My last question is if you could just provide an update on the appeals court process with the ITC?
Joe Holsten: There are probably two issues to talk about. The first is the F150 case. All the parties involved in that, Ford, a representative of the ITC, and LKQ Keystone, all presented their arguments to the Court of Appeals. That was on February 5th, and the timing of getting a decision from the Court of Appeals appears to be pretty broad range of guesses as the feedback we’ve gotten is that we should expect nothing shorter than 4 months and nothing longer than 14 months, so we’ve got a little time to wait on that. On the Mustang case, the parties have substantially completed their discovery. The trial will take place in front of an ITC appointed administrative law judge who is scheduled to begin the last week of March, and the ITC has set November of this year as their target date to complete its investigations. Again, on that one, we continue to think that the issue of prior art is still at the heart of the case than legal arguments, and we continue to believe that those arguments are on our side. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Unidentified Analyst:  This is actually Dan in for Rod. First of all, did you say that aftermarket was down 2% in the quarter organically?
Joe Holsten: Yes. The way to see that is look at those pro forma tables. You can see that there. 
Unidentified Analyst:   Can you provide an organic number for the other two segments, a growth number for this quarter?
Joe Holsten: Yes. We don’t usually break those out, but I will say you can get close to that. Note we haven’t done a lot of acquisitions on the recycled, and obviously we’ve given the annual revenues of those we did and when we did it, so rather than quoting me that, I’ll let you figure that out.
Unidentified Analyst:   In terms of the wholesale recycling business, as cores and scrap per unit are less even though they’re not a big portion of the entire vehicle, my understanding is that in terms of allocating cost to particular part sale, you guys use kind of a historical average cost of goods sold percentage. Will the core decline and scrap decline per unit affect that historical cost of goods sold percentage materially?
Joe Holsten: We also look at projected costs. We don’t just blindly look at historical costs on that, and I think the biggest thing on that is and we have seen the car costs come down a little bit and quite frankly the scrap revenue on the wholesale car is nowhere near the percentage of the self-serve, so that’s not a big issue for us.
Unidentified Analyst:   So, net-net, gross margins shouldn’t change too much in that business.
Joe Holsten: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst:   On the operating expenses, in terms of the two pieces, the facility and warehouse and SG&A that went up, were you saying that the self-service business has higher percentages of those costs and that’s why they went up?
Joe Holsten: Yes. Now, that doesn’t mean all their operating expenses are higher. The one thing they don’t have really is distribution expense. They don’t deliver parts in trucks, so you’ve got kind of a different animal there. You’ve got quite a bit of facility and warehouse people there and the sales people who are really cashiers and things like that, and those line items, they do operate at a higher percentage, but then they have zero distribution, and you saw distribution actually improve quite well.
Unidentified Analyst:   The self-serve business seemed like the other revenue business was less of a mix of total revenue this quarter, so why would the operating expenses be higher?
Joe Holsten: Because of facility expenses of the self-serve and the selling expenses really are more fixed in nature. You’ve got a yard. You can’t cut back on your people in the yard very much because your scrap volume is down. They’re handling the parts side of the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there still a bid for all the commodities that you guys do take out of these vehicles? Is there still an active market in copper and platinum and steel for you to get rid of these parts?
Joe Holsten: Yes. The markets are active right now. I am actually glad you brought that up because we did see a period of time in late November and December where in some of our ferrous markets there were no buyers, and that certainly went away at the end of the year. We have demand for both ferrous and nonferrous commodities today.
Sarah Lewensohn : This concludes our call. We appreciate you listening to us and joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2008 results, and we’ll back with you at some point in late April or early May to talk about the first quarter.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Sarah Lewensohn – Director of Investor Relations Joe Holsten – Chief Executive Officer, President Mark T. Spears – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc  Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James [David Feinberg] – Goldman Sachs 
Operator:  Welcome to the third quarter 2008 LKQ Corporations earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host Ms. Sarah Lewensohn Director of Investor Relations. 
Sarah Lewensohn:  Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call this morning. I’m Sarah Lewensohn Director of Investor Relations and with me to discuss the results of LKQ Corporation's third quarter 2008 results are Joe Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Spears, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  This call is being webcast this morning and will be archived on the LKQ Corporation website for approximately one month. Before we get started I’m going to read the following statement.  The statements on this call that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These factors include the risk that Keystone’s business will not be integrated successfully or that LKQ will incur unanticipated costs of integration, the ability to maintain Keystone’s vendor relationships and retain key employees, the availability and cost of inventory, pricing of new OEM replacement parts, variations in vehicle accident rate, changes in State or Federal laws or regulations affecting our business, fluctuations in fuel and other commodity prices, changes in the demand of our products and the supply of our inventory due to the severity of weather and seasonality of weather patterns, changes in the types of replacement parts that insurance carriers will accept in the repair process. The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to the maintenance and expansion of our business operations or infrastructure, declines in asset values, uncertainty as to changes in U.S. general economic activity and the impact of these changes on the demand for our products, uncertainty as to our future profitability, increasing competition in the automotive parts industry, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and profitability at our facilities, uncertainty as to the impact on our industry of any terrorist attacks or responses to terrorists attacks, our ability to operate within the limitations imposed by financing arrangements, our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance our growth, our ability to integrate and successfully operate recently acquired companies and any companies acquired in the future and the risks associated with these companies. Our ability to develop and implement the operational and financial systems needed to manage our growing operation, decreases in the supply of end of life and crush only vehicles that we process and sell, claims by OEMs and potential pending litigation limiting our ability to sell aftermarket products and other risks that are described in our Form 10-K filed February 29, 2008 and other reports filed by us from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made except as required by law, and with that I would like to turn this over to Joe Holsten, Chief Executive Officer of LKQ Corporation.
Joe Holsten:  Thanks for joining LKQ’s third quarter earnings call. Let me begin by providing some high level comments about our performance as well as a perspective on the business or industry in the markets that we serve. We issued our results this morning and hopefully you’ve had a few minutes to look them over. We reported $490.7 million in revenue for the quarter representing a 102% total revenue growth over the third quarter of 2007. Recall that we did close on the acquisition of Keystone Automotive early in the fourth quarter of last year. Our diluted earnings per share excluding Keystone integration restructuring expenses were $0.19, an increase of 46%.  In spite of some significant declines in commodity pricing in September, these results are consistent with our expectations. Unfortunately those declines in commodity values have accelerated end of the month of October.  From my perspective the business demonstrated strong resiliency in what was a very challenging quarter for consumers and businesses in nearly all industries. [Inaudible] the quarter was 12.4% and was calculated as if we owned Keystone for the third quarter of 2007.  We have provided a table comparing pro forma revenue by significant revenue categories and those categories are first recycled and related products and services, which is what we commonly refer to as the wholesale and self service retail recycled parts operations.  Second category, aftermarket other new and refurbished products, which is comprised of aftermarket new products and refurbished items such as bumpers and wheels, and the third category is other, which broadly includes scrap, [inaudible] and aluminum sales.  On a pro forma basis, revenue grew approximately 17% for the quarter as compared to 2007 referring to the table driven by increases in recycled parts and services as well as the other category. Aftermarket and refurbished revenue was essentially flat and not surprising given the slowdown that we saw in the first half of 2008.  As I will explain in a few minutes, we believe that we have grown our market share in the aftermarket business. Gasoline prices peaked in July and remained high throughout the quarter. As a result miles driven for August using the latest month available were down 5.6% as compared to the prior year. Year-to-date miles driven were down approximately 3.3%.  Obviously heading into the fourth quarter and the end of October there has been substantial relief in gas prices. A New York Times article this morning dwelled on the subject in detail and the likely impact on American’s driving habits. In recent conversations we’ve had with some of the larger insurance companies, their managements have indicated auto claims continue to trend downward with one thing as high as an 11% reduction over the prior year, although the average carrier has discussed reductions more in the range of 4% to 6%.  Contrasting the growth we are realizing with the decline in auto claims and fewer imported containers of aftermarket parts implies we may be wanting a greater share of the collision repair parts business in both recycled and aftermarket new product sales. The continuation of high fuel prices, lower miles driven and a reduction in insurance claims limited the growth of our collision repair parts during the third quarter while demand for our mechanical parts appeared to be impacted by a much lesser extent. Purchase of cars to our wholesale recycled parts totaled 35,000 units during the quarter. A 21% increase from the 29,000 acquired in the third quarter of last year. Wholesale vehicles we acquired from the salvage auctions accounted for approximately 96% of the total income in wholesale products as well. During the quarter we processed more than 88,000 lowered costs self serve and crushed cars as compared to 48,000 in the prior year. The third quarter of 2008 total includes approximately 11,000 cars processed from the Pick Your Part acquisition that we completed in late August.  We would remind you the third quarter is generally our weakest seasonal quarter during the year, especially for aftermarket new and refurbished products as collision repairs tend to dip during the summer months. Gross margin for the 2008 third quarter was 44% a 50 basis point decline from the third quarter of 2007, which was largely due to an increase percentage of aftermarket sales as a component of our total revenue. I am particularly pleased with the operating income margin achieved by our company. In the same quarter of 2007 standalone Keystone achieved only a 4.2% operating income margin while LKQ was at 10.5%, and one year later and combined our margin stands at 10.7% before restructuring charges. Net income grew 72% to $25.1 million for the quarter and diluted earnings per share increased by 38.5%. We continue to focus on the integration of Keystone and are well on our way to realizing anticipated savings of $35 million or more by 2010. To date we have completed nearly all of the planned conversions to the prelude point of sale inventory management system and have eliminated 33 operating sites by consolidating warehouses and closing store fronts. The review of sales volume and production capacity in the remaining 57 bumper, wheel and light refurbishing locations is continuing so we can determine the future plant consolidation opportunities in those areas.  We are in the process of combining the regional management of Keystone together with the regional management of LKQ’s business by consolidating the management oversight as both the aftermarket and the recycling businesses in a given geography. We hope to realize greater revenue growth, achieve improved cost controls and improve the customers experience by providing one stop shopping for their collision parts.  During the quarter we launched our first automated parts estimate review program which we had named key list. This innovative process takes any estimate reviews written by either an insurance estimator or a repair shop and within 30 seconds notifies the user of any recycled or aftermarket parts that can be used to repair the vehicle. Key list also provides LKQ with a list of parts that could not be located within our inventory to allow us to take a last look for additional sales opportunities.  We’ve already signed up one of the top 10 insurance carriers to use this product and expect to get other carriers and shops involved in the future. If the customer desires to do so, the aftermarket portion of the estimate can be converted into an online order increasing accuracy and moving more of our sales into a [inaudible] arena. Our hopes for this unique industry tool are quite high.  During the quarter we announced the acquisition of Pick Your Part Auto Wrecking. This is a large self service operation with nine sites in California. Locations will also provide a footprint to support growth of our wholesale recycling parts business in Southern California. Pick Your Part's annual 2007 revenue was approximately $114 million.  Just recently we announced the acquisition of two recycled truck parts operation, one in the Chicago area and the other in Toledo, Ohio with combined annual revenue of approximately $20 million. These operations along with those we had previously acquired in Quebec City and Houston, Texas form our entry into the recycled truck parts business and make us one of the very few multiple location operators in heavy duty truck recycling.  There are characteristics of the heavy duty recycled truck market that we find similar to what we first saw when we began to acquire other recycling businesses. It is an industry that is very fragmented. There are numerous small mom and pop companies operating with little benefit of scale who lack the necessary capital to finance inventory and growth.  Frequently operators even lack systems to easily locate their inventory. The industry dynamics are also favorable. The trucking industry is under considerable stress and facing significant cost pressures from changing fuel and emission standards. Many trucking companies have moved to an asset light economic model that has shifted more of the financial burden on the owner operators.  The use of recycled truck parts offers a strong value proposition to very low cost conscious to very cost conscious customers. Additionally we believe we can leverage some of our existing systems and capabilities, such as our yard management system and our procurement discipline to further enhance the financial performance of these acquired businesses in the heavy duty truck recycling business.  Our research indicates there are about nine million trucks on the road and we believe the heavy duty trucks recycled part market is in excess of $1 billion. Our organic growth performance of 12.4% for the quarter was supported by continued growth of late model, secure disposable crush only and self service vehicles and the associated increases in part sales and scrap volume.  Organic growth also benefited from increases in scrap and commodity values. Toward the end of the quarter scarp and commodity prices went into a steep decline and will likely have an adverse impact on Q4 organic growth. We have a number of green field expansion projects underway that will support our organic growth.  We opened a new self service operation in South Bend, Indiana and have others in development stages in South Carolina, Georgia and upstate New York. We’re also in the process of negotiating terms to open a green field wholesale recycling operation in Southern California.  We have fielded numerous questions about scrap metal revenue and its impact on LKQ’s results. For the most part as scrap prices increase our acquisition costs with cars rose as well. Gross margins contracted slightly in the third quarter of 2008. With average inventory times of approximately three to four times for wholesale cars and six to seven times for self service recycled cars, the sharp drop in scrap prices over the last two months means we will likely see gross margins contract into the fourth quarter.  As scrap prices return to a more typical rate I expect our gross margins will return to normalized levels. Scrap prices have fallen so too have prices for most commodities, such as steel and fuel. We anticipate the drop in these basic costs could very well lead to better aftermarket cost of goods sold and lower freight costs in Taiwan potentially supporting the expansion of gross margins.  Before turning over to Mark, I would like to note that we have lowered guidance for the fourth quarter and for fiscal year 2008. I want to be clear that the change in guidance is a function of the deterioration we have seen in the economy and more specifically the rapid decline in scrap metal and commodity pricing.  During a 90-day window from July to October of this year, our company witnessed what we believe to be a decade long peak and a decade long low in values for scrap metal, but clearly over 80% of our revenue is driven by the sale of parts, our business model does depend on efficient markets to sell scrap.  We have made rapid adjustments to the purchase price of our salvage vehicles and believe that we will be able to restore the gross margin dollars that we have historically averaged. During Q4, however, the vehicles we will be scrapping were purchased obviously when scrap metal prices were materially higher than what we see in today’s market. Mark.
Mark T. Spears:  As we did last quarter, we included a few additional financial tables that we believe will make it easier to understand our results. One of the schedules is also a comparison of our major revenue categories on a pro forma basis as if we owned Keystone for all of 2007. You can recall that Keystone was acquired in mid-October 2007 so our 2008 nine-month financial of course include Keystone but the 2007s do not at this point.  Looking at our income statement and related tables, our third quarter revenue was up 102% to $490.7 million from $243.5 million in Q3 2007. Year-to-date revenue for 2008 grew 106% to $1.5 billion compared with $712.1 million for the same period in 2007.  As Joe mentioned earlier, our organic revenue growth calculated on a pro forma basis that assumes we owned Keystone for all of 2007 was 12.4% for the third quarter and 11.6% for the nine months. Gross margin for the third quarter was 44% versus 44.5% in the prior year the small margin decline was largely due to the seasonal weakening of aftermarket products.  Remember in 2007 aftermarket was a much smaller compliment of our business as Keystone was not yet acquired. On a year-to-date basis the 2008 gross margin was relatively flat at 44.9% versus 45% in 2007. During 2008 we combined a vast majority of LKQ's preexisting aftermarket operations into Keystone's operations. The majority of our operating expense growth in 2008 over 2007 was attributable to the Keystone acquisition.  Our facility and warehouse expense for Q3 2008 increased 85.1% or $22.3 million as compared to Q3 2007. Facility and warehouse expense as a percent of revenue for the third quarter was 9.9% versus 10.8% in 2007.  On a year-to-date basis facility and warehouse expenses grew $60.4 million or 79% over 2007 and as a percentage of revenue were 9.3%. Sequentially from Q2 to Q3 of 2008 facility and warehouse expense grew $4.7 million. The majority of this increase was due to our acquisition of pick your parts in the third quarter.  Distribution expenses for Q3 2008 grew $22.8 million or 95.9% over Q3 2007. As a percentage of revenue, distribution costs decreased to 9.5% in Q3 2008 from 9.8% in 2007. For the 2008 nine-month period distribution expenses grew 68.5 million or 101% over 2007, and as a percentage of revenue improved to 9.3% from 9.6% for the same period in 2007.  Selling general and administrative expenses grew $31.8 million or 109% over Q3 2007. SG&A as a percentage of revenue increased to 12.4% in Q3 2008 from 12% for the same period in 2007. For the 2008 nine-month period SG&A expenses grew $100.8 million or 117% over 2007. For the same period these expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 12.7% in 2008 from 12.1% in 2007.  During the third quarter, we had restructuring expenses of $2.4 million as part of our operating expenses. All of which are related to the Keystone acquisition. You should note that certain costs of the Keystone acquisition related to severance and certain facility closure costs are considered purchase price allocations and are not charged to the income statement.  Our operating income grew 95.2% to $50 million in Q3 2008 from $25.6 million in Q3 2007. Our operating margin was 10.2% a reduction of 30 basis points from Q3 2007. If I back out restructuring expenses, however, operating income grew 105% to $52.4 million and our operating margin 20 basis points to 10.7%. Looking at 2008 year-to-date before restructuring expenses, operating income grew 122% to $176.6 million and operating margin increased 80 basis points to 12%.  As I mentioned in earlier calls, Q3 tends to be the weaker quarter for aftermarket sales. For the aftermarket business Q1 and Q4 are generally the quarters with the highest margins as seasonal demand increases.  We had net interest expense in Q3 2008 of $8.2 million as compared to $2.2 million in Q3 2007. This increase is primarily a result of the debt we issued in conjunction with the Keystone acquisition.  The Q3 2008 pretax income grew 75.4% to $41.8 million from $23.8 million in Q3 2007. For the nine-month period of 2008 pretax income increased 92.7% to $143.7 million from $74.6 million for the same period of 2007.  For the first nine months of 2008, our effective tax rate was 39.5% compared to 40.5% in the same period of 2007. The lower 2008 tax rate is primarily related to lower taxes in our Canadian operations.  Net income from the quarter increased 72.2% to $25.1 million from $14.6 million in Q3 2007. For the nine months year-to-date 2008 net income increased [inaudible] to $86.9 million from $44.4 million for the same period of 2007.  Our diluted earnings per share increased 38.5% to $0.18 for the third quarter from $0.13 for the same period in 2007. Without restructuring expenses, earnings per share for Q3 2008 would have been $0.19 or a 46.2% improvement over 2007.  For the first nine months of 2008, diluted earnings per share increased 59% to $0.62 from $0.39 for the same period in 2007. Without restructuring expenses, earnings per share for the first nine months of 2008 would have been $0.65 or 66.7% improvement over 2007.  Our diluted weighted common shares outstanding used for EPS purposes were as follows, Q3 2008 at 141.2 million shares versus Q3 2007 at 115.1 million shares, nine months 2008 at 140.5 million shares versus nine months 2007 at 113.2 million shares. Shifting our focus to the cash flow table, we generated $105.3 million in cash from operations for the nine months of 2008. Capital expenditures to date for 2008 excluding business acquisitions were $42.2 million. Cash used to acquire businesses the first nine months of 2008 was $40.3 million.    During the first nine months of 2008, we issued 1.4 million shares of stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in $12.9 million in cash which includes related tax benefits.  Taking a look at the balance sheet as of September 30, 2008, you will see we had debt of $642.5 million that included $640.1 million under our secured credit facility. Cash and equivalences were $97.7 million at the end of the quarter. As of October 29 we had approximately $50 million in cash.  As many of you know, we have a revolving credit facility of $115 million provided by a group of banks. Currently we have no borrowings under this revolving line but there are approximately $22 million of letters of credit that are backstopped by this facility, thereby reducing the availability for borrowings to $93 million.  As we previously reported in an 8-K filing with the SEC, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc, which accounts for approximately $15 million of revolver funding commitment, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier in October. Accordingly, we no longer believe the $15 million commitment is available so in effect our availability has been reduced to $78 million. However, we do not feel this $15 million is significant to our liquidity needs.  Let's move to our 2008 financial estimates. As Joe mentioned earlier, we are revising our 2008 financial estimates. We continue to believe that 2008 organic growth for the full year will be in the low double digits with the balance of the growth being a full year impact of our 2007 acquisitions and the business acquisitions we've completed thus far in 2008.  Excluding the effect of any 2008 restructuring expenses associated with the Keystone acquisitions, we expect full year 2008 net income to range from $107 million to $114 million, and diluted earnings per share to be between $0.76 and $0.81 per share.  So, the EPS guidance excludes the $0.03 EPS affects of the restructuring expenses incurred year-to-date 2008 and any future restructuring expenses we may occur in the fourth quarter 2008. Our updated guidance is higher than our original EPS guidance of $0.73 to $0.76 per share that we provided in February 2008.  We anticipate our cash from operations for 2008 will be over $100 million. Our estimates in capital expenditures excluding the expenditures of LKQ to acquire businesses will be between $65 to $70 million for 2008.  Weighted average diluted shares outstanding are anticipated to be approximately 143 million shares for the fourth quarter of 2008 and approximately 141 million for the full year of 2008. Share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as future stock issuances, the number of options exercised in subsequent periods, and changes in our stock price.  I would like to turn back to Joe for some closing comments. 
Joe Holsten: Before you go to the Q&A I'd like to wrap up by discussing the strength of our business model or company and what I see is a firm belief by our management team at LKQ that during times of adversity the strong should get stronger at the expense of the weak, and we see a bright side to the current financial conditions and believe that there will be benefits that accrue to the shareholders of LKQ.  A continuation of the economic downturn is likely to encourage consumers to own their cars longer and deter new car purchases. We believe this may enhance demand for alternative parts both collision and mechanical as a result of the nation driving an older fleet of cars and as consumers look to minimize repair costs.  Also, recent shifts in the value of used vehicles may positively influence the price of automobiles we purchase at salvage auctions and lower our costly goods.  Let me close with a few comments about why I believe LKQ's potential as a long-term investment are attractive. First, I'd remind you that there is strong demand for our parts as we provide essential products in a good economy or a bad economy to the owners of approximately 250 million vehicles on the road today.  Secondly, the value proposition of our product lines is attractive to insurance carriers and individual consumers even in good times. In a tough economy consumers are more cost focused and insurance companies facing low investment returns become more conscious of their claims costs.  Third, I focus on our market leadership position as LKQ is the leader in its primary product lines nationally and in the individual geographic markets where we compete. I will add that the ability to replicate our asset base is highly limited.  Fourth, I would note that our company enjoys a number of advantages it should provide for above average industry returns to our shareholders including the diversity of our product line, the company's geographical diversity, the success of our procurement management systems, and finally a note that we enjoy a strong working capital base which will allow us to take advantage of buying opportunities.  Finally, I'd emphasize our belief that a difficult economy could result in long-term gains for the company that come from items such as the increased aging of cars which may translate to higher demand for our parts, lower investment returns for insurance companies translating to the need for better cost containment, lower used car prices translating to more salvage being available at more competitive prices, lower commodity prices meaning reduced metals, plastics and transportation costs for aftermarket parts and the potential to expand our gross margins, and finally credit difficulties may put more pressure on our undercapitalized competitors who lack the working capital to finance a strong inventory.  Our company enjoys a strong balance sheet is well capitalized to take advantage of many opportunities we believe that will likely continue to come under the horizons over the next several years.  I'd like to open up for Q&A.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray: My first question as it relates to scrap metal and the other category that you breakout, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail around the profit contribution from that category considering the expectations that will fall off in the fourth quarter to give us a sense for where that was trending in a higher commodity price environment?
Joe Holsten: I will start out with a stab at that and then Mark may have some follow-up comments. If we're kind of looking at our Q2 of 2008 levels of gross margins to the Q3 levels we would have seen deterioration between those two quarters and there's a bit of a lag affect particularly in the self service side of the business.  Keep in mind that, for example the cars or the car bodies that we were selling in September with depressed commodity prices would have been the car that we bought in late July and early August when commodity prices were peaking. In an ordinary market where commodity prices are making modest moves month to month we are able to adjust our buying pretty quickly to keep our gross margin dollars the same.  The markets that we saw in September and into October are anything but normal with prices moving significantly week to week, and accordingly ineffective with our purchasing we’ve been chasing the scrap metals market down.  It’s our belief that during the fourth quarter we’re hopeful that that gross margin dollar relationship should bottom as the scrap prices reach bottom we continue to pull our purchase prices down and we would be hopeful moving into 2009 that we’ll be able to restore a normal gross margin dollar relationship to that line of business. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Would it be possible to maybe rank order then the profit contributions from the three different segments you break out just so we can get a better sense for how much was coming from this other category relative to the other segments? 
Joe Holsten:  I’ll say one thing we don’t go out and just buy large quantities of scrap, hold it and then sell it. We’re buying automobiles that have parts on them. So if you’re trying to get a feel for the margin for that line it’s about the same as the margins for everything else.  We buy the car, we allocate the cost between the component so you can’t have higher margins in one of these line items like other where you've got the scrap then the recycled per say in most cases, so it’s not a margin change here that we’re talking about. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  That’s helpful and then my last question is just on fill rates. I was wondering if you could comment on that in the third quarter. I know you have flexed that in the past to boost your volumes in the recycled sense.
Joe Holsten: Yes, try to address both product lines, Mike, in the recycled product as you may recall we effectively report our sale rates in the form of not in stock reminding you that most of our competitor not in stock is probably up in the 60% and 70% range.  Our not in stocks continue to drop during the quarter and we’ve seen them continue to drop in the first few months of October and I think that number in our last weekly report was sitting right around about 31. That's the lowest level that we’ve seen in years and we’re very proud of the progress the company has made in that relationship.  I think in your response to your specific questions on former calls I also indicated that we were working to revise the prelude system that came with the Keystone acquisition to be able to report what we though would be a more meaningful sell rate and we are in a position to do that on this call as well and we believe that number to be right at about 90% in stock.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: First question is on the aftermarket business obviously that’s been a little bit softer pretty much all year it’s lagged the other two segments of your business. Joe, can you help us understand from your advantage point what is fewer accidents or fewer accident claims going on, and what is the customer integration issues with Keystone? Do you have any better feel for that at this point?
Joe Holsten: Yes, I think our most relevant benchmark there was to look at the reported claims that we’re getting and the trends that we get back from the insurance carriers, and as I indicated kind of the typical number we’re getting back from insurance carriers is that number is in the 4%, 5%, 6% range although one of the larger carriers last week in their earnings release I think noted as much as an 11% decline.  The somewhat of an anecdotal discussion with the same carriers it is their view that there is a sharp increase in the number of their customers insured who are taking insurance settlement checks but not actually moving forward to even have their vehicles repaired and typically when people aren’t repairing their vehicles those are cosmetic sorts of damage to the car because it’s still drivable and it’s exactly those types of damages or parts where the aftermarket industry would normally be consummating it’s sales.  The aftermarket parts don’t include the safety mechanical parts. They are basically the skin around the outside of the car. We're encouraged actually as we look at our numbers because we’re seeing the company pretty flat year-on-year as we look into October we’re actually starting to see some acceleration in our aftermarket parts performance which we’re in encouraged by but it is our belief that the company LKQ has been increasing it’s market shares this year and we look at that for two reasons we’ve come to that conclusion. The first being the fact that the industry overall would appear to be in a negative position in terms of demand for repair parts while we’re up slightly year-to-date or as neutral, and the other would be information that we garner from the Taiwanese manufacturers who are telling us that the number of containers being shipped in the United States is down by at least 10% and sometimes as much as 15%. So, again we take some comfort that our operating model is working to the extent that we are gaining market share in an off year. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  That’s very helpful and then the last question is when you guys look at your updated expectations the biggest impact is where, is it at the sales line or is it the gross margin line because you keep referring to the margins and the impact of scrap. 
Joe Holsten:  I look at the fact that we’ve adjusted guidance for the year to be virtually solely a function of the deterioration of scrap metal markets and we need the fourth quarter to correct the, what I’ll call the imbalance and what we have been paying for vehicles and what we’re able to drive for the scrap and commodity values for the proper catalytic converters and aluminum in those cars. Really two things to look at there, first, is in our wholesale cars, our late model cars, vehicles that are going in to a scrap status in the fourth quarter are cars that we purchased back in March of this year or April this year when scrap metal prices were significantly higher than what they are today.  In our self service operations, the same is true but a narrower window because what we're sending off to have crushed and have shredded today in late October these are products typically that we acquired some time in the month of August when scrap metal was just coming off it’s high peak.  Really we’re looking at the fourth quarter as a time period that we need to kind of bring those two back in balance and bring our, we’ve been lowering our purchases prices aggressively. We started to lower what we paid for vehicles during the month of September and we’ve brought it down significantly in the first three weeks of October.  As I indicated I think when scrap bottoms we’ll be able to have our purchase prices at a level that we can start to move back toward more historical gross margin dollars that we expect our cars to perform at.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Cristello - with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Joe, I believe in prior calls you noted that weakness in aftermarket was maybe 60% macro, 40% internal as a result of the integration and the conversions. As we head into Q4 coming out of Q3 where it looked like the aftermarket revenue was down a little bit year-over-year I think you noted that you’re seeing some positive improvement in aftermarket, does that imply that your aftermarket business is actually starting to show up year-over-year comparisons?
Joe Holsten: Yes, for the last couple of weeks I would say that’s true and I am encouraged by what we’re seeing in our aftermarket performance. We’ve had about a year with Keystone's operations under our belt right now. The disruptions of a lot of the dislocations, relocations of warehouses are behind us.  Keep in mind over the last 12 months we’ve relocated 30 some warehouse facilities and the commotion and the inability to move, locate product that happens with those sorts of moves. We’ve discussed the training of over 500 people in the new IT sales systems over the past year and the efforts by the company to retrain those people.  There’s been a lot of activity in the company to bring these two operations under a common umbrella and I’d say the dividends may be starting to pay off and if there was weakness in 40% of that was attributable to kind of internal issues I think we’ve come well off that 40% figure at this level.  We’re pleased that our inventory levels are coming up. We’ve introduced a value line product into the system, which is going to allow us to compete with some of the more aggressive low-end parts competitors we face in the marketplace. We’ve been actively training all of our aftermarket sales reps on how to identify whether a sales opportunity is a CapEx sales opportunity or whether it’s a value line sales opportunity and again I think those are starting to show up in the numbers. Obviously seasonally this is a good time in the year for us when we generally start to see some acceleration in our aftermarket parts sales as we move into this time of year and we have indeed. If I look back over a trailing 13-week average our aftermarket parts sales last week were showing about a 5% uptick over where we’d been over this trailing 13 weeks. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: If you then look at the comps then essentially in the first couple quarters of the year even the first three quarters then that’s a noticeable improvement from where you had been running and that is more of a function of you finally getting some of these conversions and integrations behind you and now you can kind of run the business on a much smoother basis, is that?
Joe Holsten: I guess that's a fair statement, I should have checked this out for you but I guess the last time we had a weekly level of sales that we’ve seen the last couple of weeks is probably back in April. It's been a good I’d say six months since we’ve been at this level and I'm quite encouraged by another thing I mentioned in the script was just good efforts that we have ongoing right now to start to push our senior field management into positions that they have management control over both product lines and we’ve accomplished that in all of our geographical regions with the exception of one and one to go. The benefit of that is that in the geographical market I can see very quickly it’s bringing our management team together much more closely at the individual municipal market level and bringing our managers together to look for opportunities of how to sell more effectively, how to leverage our marketing resources more effectively, how to leverage our distribution assets and capabilities more effectively and I think we’ll see kind of increased levels of cost reductions out of that effort as we move to kind of the second wave of integration, if you will. 
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: When you look at you didn't have any real commentary about next year in the cost savings, but I'm assuming that sort of $15 million range is still something that's achievable even in light of what's going on in the macro side of things. Is that correct?
Joe Holsten: Yes, you're correct. One, we've made a decision really not to discuss 2009 at this point because we're just at the infant stages of our budgeting process. We do prepare ground level, ground up budgets and Mark and I actually start our review process of those Monday of next week, but in terms of the cost energies to be achieved in the Keystone integration, we're in very good shape there.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: I guess maybe two questions, one being you talked about some pilot testing in terms of trying to cross-sell recycle with aftermarket. One, I wanted to maybe find out how that's going and then to you Mark, this is sort of a very broad range of guidance for Q4. I guess it implies sort of a $0.14 to $0.19 range and you spoke to scrap being sort of the wild card and sort of what's bringing the guidance down. What's the sort of behind the wide range though? Is that dependent on how weather plays out? Is that dependent on how aftermarket finishes the quarter? Just maybe some color on those two things?
Joe Holsten: In terms of the cross-selling, Tony, we are extremely pleased with the improvement that is being made by the reps who have typically focused on recycled part sales and their ability to effectively sell aftermarket parts. Many of them were experienced in that prior to the Keystone transaction and systems-wise were able to bring onto their screens in a much more fluid fashion than we have during the last year to bring the Keystone screens and inventory onto the LKQ reps' screens. Our next step there, which we should have completed before the end of the year, will be the ability for the LKQ sales reps to invoice right into the prelude system off their traditional recycled parts screen. That's really going to make the ordering process pretty seamless and make those 525 reps pretty effective in terms of their ability to sell aftermarket parts. In terms of the reps who have traditionally, meaning the Keystone reps, who have traditionally focused strictly on aftermarket parts, we have more work to do in our systems in order to really make them more effective than they are today. So we have more work to do there.
Anthony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Maybe, Mark, if you just have any commentary at all in terms of the range of sort of the guidance you provided and what sort of assumptions go into that?
Mark T. Spears: Yes, usually as we close the year out our range may be a couple of pennies, if you go back. This one's like a $0.04 range. It sounds like a lot, but quite frankly between not just the commodities issue, but also driving has increased. I did see an article in the New York Times Business Day today that also talks about people driving a lot again. This just came out and we didn't call them to put this in there, but it was kind of an interesting article that came out today, where they're seeing some activities and looking at MasterCard receipts, whatever. So, I mean we just felt like we needed a little more range there, due to the whole economic situation, the driving issues, we needed that.  I mean things start coming back here on the miles driven whatever, we're kind of back up to that higher end of our range.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: First question here, do you have a way of calculating organic growth excluding commodities or excluding steel in the quarter?
Joe Holsten: No, we don't.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Joe, based on your comments, it sounds as though you might not have adjusted guidance had it not been for the steep decline in steel scrap prices. In other words, you may not have had to adjust guidance on the miles driven issue alone, is that true?
Joe Holsten: I think that's a fair observation and the reason I think that's true is that in spite of impact of kind of mileage-driven and the impact it may be having on demand for parts, we've been able to compensate for that throughout the year, at least to date by increased volumes of product, especially to our self service operations. We talked about that a little bit last time and we continued that during the third quarter, and so we have been able to compensate for some weaknesses in the parts area by just pushing more volume to the system.  I think you're right, if we had not been looking at the free fall in commodity prices and the scrap metal prices in particular, and this all started probably about mid-August we saw the first leg down in scrap metal pricing and then coming into early October, we saw another pretty substantial leg down.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: In the past, you've talked about near 10% organic growth as a target, obviously this year you've been well ahead of that partly benefiting, no doubt, from steel and other commodities. Has your long-term outlook changed at all if you want to take out the noise in commodities?
Joe Holsten: Yes, I think if we took out the noise in commodities for 2009 coming off [inaudible] I would characterize it as a fairly weak year in our aftermarket performance. I've gone on record here today saying I think we're getting our act together and I think in spite of what may increasingly be becoming the law of large numbers, I think we'll be pretty close to double digit same-store sales growth on parts sales in 2009.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: You made the comment, I mean steel works against you in the other revenue category, but could work for you in the aftermarket business. To what extent do you think you can hang on to any price increases that have been in place if your cost to goods sold starts to drop?
Joe Holsten: I think we'd hang on to a substantial amount of them. We price our products in relationship to OEM and the real battlefront will be in discount levels with our competitors. I may be overly optimistic. I hope not, but I think that during a tough economy that we're going to have a nice competitive advantage during these upcoming winter months against our undercapitalized competitors. We are ordering inventory at levels that we think we need to meet customer demand during a good hard winter with high demand for products and it's our belief that with the difficult economy that our competitors may not be stocking up quite to the level that we are. We've got the balance sheet and the working capital to do it, and we're preparing for it. The other thing that we monitor pretty closely it's kind of an irritant to us, is that our Taiwanese suppliers seem to enjoy financing some startup companies to compete against us, by granting, I would say, generous working capital arrangements or generous terms to pay for their inventory, and as are suppliers in Taiwan has come under balance sheet pressures of their own.  I think they're going to be far less eager to let their smaller buyers and customers to stretch them out the way they have historically. I think we're well-positioned to continue to increase our market share in this environment.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: How quickly could prices come down on the aftermarket side?
Joe Holsten: Craig, I'm sorry, I would be speculating on that. I wouldn't look for anything in free fall here by any stretch of the imagination, but we have seen in Taiwan, two to three weeks ago, we expressed our expectations that we would start to see lower pricing for products to reflect the fact that steel prices should be coming down.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Quickly then, any impact on the acquisition pipeline as maybe some of your maybe potential targets are more willing to sell in this type of environment. 
Joe Holsten: I would say that, Walter has probably gotten more incoming contacts in the last few months than anytime we've seen in the last five years. So, the interest in doing something with this is accelerated. That's not only from the United States but we're also getting a good influx of interest from Canadian companies. And we're even getting European businesses that are starting to contact us.  We are staying away from further acquisitions in the self service business at this point. Although we will progress a few greenfield developments that we think can be done pretty economically. We're continuing to look at some modest size players in the heavy duty truck business. I'm encouraged, I think we have a good chance between now and January to put a couple of small acquisitions on the boards of companies that are in the wholesale, the late model recycling business that we started out in, kind of where roots are. So, I think we'll put a couple of those on the boards in the next 90 days, as well.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Last two questions, I missed the 88,000 figure, is that wholesale, retail or both?
Joe Holsten: Those were the self service, crush only cars.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: What was the wholesale number?
Joe Holsten: It was 35,000.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Lastly, could you just comment on auction volume trends?
Joe Holsten: 
 :
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Maybe Joe, could you explain why we would see high auction volumes, if we're seeing fewer accidents?
Joe Holsten: You may be seeing slightly fewer accidents but I think you're seeing more total losses and that's putting more volume into the salvage pools. The other thing that I think is increasing the amount, and related to the same issues, is used car and truck values. As those have been depressed that leads to the insurance carriers totaling out more product. One thing we could see at the self serves here is with the decline in what we're offering to pay for the lower end self service vehicles. But, we'll probably see some of that volume start to dry up.  When people were paying $350 and $400 for and end of life car cars and things were coming out of Grandma's garage and coming out of the bean fields and any place you could imagine vehicles being. And with companies offering 50 bucks or less to buy those cars today, those volumes are likely to diminish a little bit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James.
Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James:  Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I just have a couple of housekeeping items. You mentioned, Joe, in your prepared remarks that you thought that the steel scrap effects would be diluted on organic growth in the fourth quarter. Does that suggest that the entire other segment is going to go negative in the fourth quarter on a year-on-year basis?
Joe Holsten : Yes, I don't think I can answer that. And the reason for that is I don't have a good handle on where the volumes are going to go. And we had been lowering what we paid for these vehicles as rapidly as we can force the market down. The wild card is where the volumes are going to land. The bottom line is I can't answer your question. I just don't feel comfortable trying to do so here this morning.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Outside of volumes the other segment might be down but then yet we just might have to come up with our own conclusion for what volumes might do? Is that how we should look at it?
Joe Holsten : I can't give you guidance on volume. Sorry.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Next question, do you anticipate any inventory write downs due to the deflation in steel scrap?
Mark T. Spears :  No, not at this time. 
Joe Holsten : We looked at that closely in the quarter and I'd say we're moving what we paid for. Vehicles adjusting the purchase price for the cars and trucks very rapidly. Don't forget people need cars for parts too so we're not just buying a ton of stuff just to scrap.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Understood, Joe I might have missed this in your prepared remarks. What were your recycled vehicle purchases up on a year-on-year basis in the third quarter? As I recall they were flat in the second quarter. I was trying to get a sense of the trend
Joe Holsten : Yes, they were about somewhere around 21%, quarter-to-quarter on the wholesale cars. 
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: That's Q3 over Q2?
Joe Holsten : No I'm sorry, that's Q3 to Q3.
Sam Darkatsh –: Q3 to Q3 was up 21% in the third quarter?
Raymond James: Q3 to Q3 was up 21% in the third quarter?
Mark T. Spears : Yes and they were up over if you wanted to look at it sequentially I think they were like 32.5 to 35,000, up about 7% sequentially.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Do you anticipate on a year-on-year basis that the recycled vehicle purchases will continue to rise? Or does that start to flatten out with a more difficult year ago comparisons?
Joe Holsten : No, we're going to take that off.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: And then last question. What was the organic growth rate in the recycled segment? I'm coming up with around 10% but my math might be off.
Mark T. Spears: The organic growth for just the recycled line? We don't really break it out that way. I mean, obviously, we didn't have a lot of acquisitions in recycles, but we don't look at that.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: All right, I thought the acquisitions that you had were primarily recycled. 
Mark T. Spears : We just did a PYP for that.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Right so outside of PYP the others would have been in the, which segment then?
Mark T. Spears: Trucks, the truck deals, we did a few truck deals in October.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [David Feinberg] – Goldman Sachs.
[David Feinberg] - Goldman Sachs:  I know you've discussed a lot of this already. I'm just trying to understand a little bit further, the gross margin, the outlook. If I understand your comments and some of the answers to questions, it seems like the light gross margin here somewhere in the fourth quarter was a function of mix. The outlook for the fourth quarter is a function of scrap steel.  And with the outlook for '09 returning to some normal basis, what I'm trying to understand is that new normal basis for '09 the 44% we saw in the third quarter due to the new mix of aftermarket versus recycle? Or is it back at the 45 level that you were trending at the first half of the year?
Joe Holsten : I'll just clarify one thing David, then Mark probably have something to add to it. When I made that comment my focus was really on the gross margin dollar spread of the vehicles that we purchased specifically for the self service yards and the crush only vehicles.  My comment was not really meant that to address gross margin percentages for the company overall, just with that clarification. Yes, I need to ask Mark to follow up.
Mark T. Spears: The major thing that if you look at Q3 to Q3 on our margins, percentages, okay, is it was mostly aftermarket. If you go back, if you would look into Keystone's old financials, you'll see that the margin starts coming down in Q2 and then Q3 is kind of their lower margin business. So our mix right now has higher aftermarket because we didn't have that many '07 numbers. So that’s part of that what your seeing right now.  Over a long term the commodity prices go up or down. Over a longer period of time, it doesn't really affect the margin percentage as much just because it's adjusting your car price. You get in a squeeze in a month or so if it's highly volatile. But I don't think seeing what you've got know necessarily means our margins are coming down, percentage wise.
[David Feinberg] - Goldman Sachs:  And to that point about adjusting the prices, you talked about cutting the price you pay for cars in September and then in October as well. At what point do you feel like your caught up in terms of cutting the prices fast enough to keep up with the scrap? Or were you still chasing that number coming into October?
Joe Holsten : I think actually coming into November now, I think the wholesale operations we're in pretty good shape because, in addition to what we've cut during the third quarter, we probably, it looks like we're down another 5% of what we're paying for vehicles, during the last week of October. That moves around a little bit.  The primary thing we're doing on the crush only cars or the self service cars, as Mark indicated, we do buy a lot of those cars because they have useable parts on them. So we are not in the scrap business. We are buying many of those cars because of the parts that they still have on them. There is some segment of vehicles that come in from tow companies that are truly crush only cars. Those vehicles we've taken our purchase price down to almost nothing. In fact our direction to our managers this past week has been, unless you have contracts or verbal agreements with the shredder in hand at a very firm price, we shouldn't even buy any of those vehicles.
[David Feinberg] - Goldman Sachs:  Last question, you talked about there being about a six month lag time between when a wholesale car stays on your lot to when it goes to be scrapped versus a scrap only. Getting a sense of what the mix is in terms of your inventory. Trying to get a sense of how long margins might come under pressure from the volatility we saw in scrap prices this year in September and October.
Mark T. Spears : Yes, we hold those cars a little longer if there's certain parts we want to sell off that hulk over a period of time that you wouldn't inventory. But also keep in mind from a margin perspective, we buy those cars where a huge percentage of the revenue stream is just flat out parts. So we're buying them for parts. And when we scrap them out they're much lighter. We've cored out a lot of product, to sell to re-manufacturers of what we didn't sell. It's really not the same animal there. I think that's what you're talking about is that if we got a bunch of stuff at a high cost in a year on a wholesale side I'd say no. There's lower volume of cars we push through and they're lighter as well on top of that when we scrap them out. 
[David Feinberg] - Goldman Sachs:  Last question, any update on State Farm or pending litigation?
Joe Holsten : No change in the State Farm status. In terms of litigation we would expect the Mustang case to be taking – we're in discovery mode right now in the Mustang case. And on the F150 those appeals have been submitted and we're waiting for the court to tell us when they want to schedule oral arguments. So I suspect we're looking at mid '09 before we get any sort of ruling on the appeals court. And obviously the case on the Ford Mustang will be going well into 2009.
Mark T. Spears : One thing to point out the Mustang case is really – it's appealed to an administrative branch or executive branch in government; it’s not really in court.
Operator: That concludes the question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Sarah Lewensohn and the closing remarks.
Sarah Lewensohn: Well, thank you everyone for calling. Of course Mark will be, and I will be available later for questions and we appreciate you listening and look forward to answering your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Joe Holsten – President and CEO Mark Spears – EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 LKQ earnings conference call. My name is Ahmed and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We would be facilitating a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Mark Spears. You may proceed.
Mark Spears: 
 :
Joe Holsten:  Good morning and thanks for joining LKQ's second quarter 2008 earnings call. Obviously on call today are two members of management, Mark Spears, our CFO and myself, Joe Holsten, the CEO of the company. I will begin by providing some high level overview of our performance as well as some qualitative views on the business, our industry and the markets that we serve and then Mark will provide a more detailed assessment of our financial results. We reported $484.4 million in revenue for the quarter which represents a 107.6% total revenue growth over the second quarter of 2007. Our organic revenue growth for the quarter was 13.2% and was calculated assuming that we owned Keystone for the second quarter of 2007. Because we had already merged significant aspects of LKQ's pre-existing after-market business with Keystone's after-market business in the second quarter of 2008, we could not calculate organic revenue growth without making that assumption. While we delivered an outstanding level of organic revenue growth during the second quarter, on a pro forma basis, our after-market new and refurbished parts grew close to 1% for the quarter and for the first six months of 2008, grew 3%. With no improvement in the economy for the average citizen and as fuel pricing continued to escalate in Q2 2008 over not only the first quarter of '08 but as well as all of 2007 levels, we know that miles driven have continued to declined and the larger insurance carriers we support have indicated claims frequency is down from 4% to 10% from Q2 2007 depending on the carrier. We believe that the combination of higher fuel prices, reduced miles driven and the reduction in insured claims has certainly impacted our collision repair parts growth while demand for the mechanical parts has been impacted to a much lesser extent.  Fortunately, due to the diversity of our business operating model, we have been able to sustain our track record of double-digit organic growth by processing a higher level of vehicles to support both our late model wholesale operations as well as our retail-oriented self-service businesses. For the first six months of 2008, we processed approximately 130,000 lower-cost, self service and crush [ph] only cars compared to approximately 97,000 in the first six months of 2007. These volumes not only supported increased parts sales, but also allowed us to capitalize on higher commodity prices for the (inaudible) by products to these operations. Our operating margin was 12.1% for the quarter compared to 11.4% in the second quarter of 2007. We continued to make excellent progress to leverage our infrastructure as we expanded our operating margin by 65 basis points, including restructuring cost, and by 130 basis points before considering restructuring cost. I would remind you that this 130 basis point expansion is in comparison to LKQ's standalone in the same quarter of the prior year and that LKQ has historically enjoyed higher operating margins than Keystone. In particular, the second quarter is usually one of the weaker quarters for after-market parts from a seasonality standpoint. And for comparison purposes, during the period April through June of 2007 on a standalone basis, Keystone reported operating income margins of only 6.4%. Our net income increased just over 121% to $31 million for the quarter and diluted earnings per share increased 83% to $0.22. During the quarter, our primary focus areas included further facility consolidations and delivery route integrations, nearly all of which we expect to be completed by the end of this fiscal year. This past quarter, we continued our focus on the conversion of LKQ facilities onto Keystone's operating system Prelude. These conversions range from simply training the LKQ staff on Prelude to write the orders into the new system to full warehouse relocations and conversions. Since the Keystone acquisition was completed on October 12th through July 30th, we have completed 55 Prelude conversions. We have physically moved out of 23 warehouses and ten storefronts to date subsequent to completing the software conversions. In total, we expect to complete 63 Prelude conversions and 25 physical warehouse and ten storefront moves by the end of 2008. Furthermore, over the next five years, we now anticipate physical combinations of our recycled parts and after-market parts operations in at least ten additional geographic markets, providing another opportunity for longer term synergies to be achieved. We're also continuing our review of volumes and capacities at our remaining 60 bumper, wheel and light refurbishing locations to determine the possibility of consolidating some of those locations in the future. As part of these consolidation efforts, we are standardizing our refurbishing processes to achieve consistent quality and increased volumes. This effort however will take place later in 2008 and into 2009, and only two wheel warehouses is not part of the 25 physical warehouse moves. We now believe that net cost savings will be at least $20 million in 2008 and we'll be annualizing at a minimum of $35 million by 2010. As I noted on our last earnings call, some of our suppliers and ocean and ground freight vendors have come under cost pressure from increasing steel and oil prices and are attempting to pass on their higher cost. While we have seen some cost increases come through in our sheet metal products and in ocean and ground freight, we still currently believe that we will be able to mitigate these increases by obtaining postponements in price increases, through selected price increases, through cost reductions on other park site [ph], and by allocating our purchasing dollars to those suppliers who are not currently seeking cost increases. We had indicated in our 2008 financial guidance that our organic revenue growth would be approximately 10%. If Keystone is included in our second quarter '07 operations, then the combined organic growth of both companies together would have been approximately 13.2%. We believe that on an annual basis, we'll achieve low double-digit total organic revenue growth as we improve the overall inventory in our warehouses, add additional SKUs and value-line products, continue to make minor adjustments to our parts prices and customer discount levels, and continue to process higher volumes of both late model and lower value salvage and end-of-life vehicles. As discussed on our last earnings call, we closed on two business acquisitions so far in 2008, which totaled approximately $10.6 million in trading annual revenue before we acquired them. The first one was closed in February, included a retail-oriented recycled parts business located in Orlando, Florida that operates on 3.5 acres of property adjoining one of our existing retail businesses. We are merging these operations together and operating them as one facility. The second was completed in early March and is a heavy duty truck recycler in Houston, Texas which operates on an 18-acre facility and operates similar to the way our other recycling yards operate except it handles large trucks such as cement and garbage trucks. We see this line of business as having good growth opportunities for us in the future and we have been pleased with the growth in profitability of this new product line. We also opened a new retail oriented recycled parts business in Rockford, Illinois on approximately 11 acres of property. We leased the facility and opened it as a cold start in early March. In addition, we have leased a 20-acre facility in Massachusetts and plan to acquire that facility shortly. We are operating that facility as a lower-cost vehicle dismantling and crushing operation. In terms of other cold start development projects, we continue to work to open retail-oriented, self-service operations in Northern Indiana and South Carolina, and we recently added a location in Georgia to our development list. At LKQ, insurance relationships and programs have always been important to us, are even more so now with our investment in Keystone. We have four insurance carriers, up one from the prior quarter, in the Midwest who directly provide us low-end cars that will supply some parts to be sold into the professional repair market with the remainder of each car being placed at the retail-oriented locations. We expect these programs to provide us over 450 to 500 cars per month and we continue to look at other geographical markets where we can introduce similar programs. Our Right Choice Program with Advanced Auto Parts generated $2.4 million in revenue this quarter, more than it has ever produced and a couple hundred thousand dollars more than Q1. Advanced has stepped up its marketing (inaudible) and signage this quarter. We expect a relaunch of our program later in the year. At the end of Q2, LKQ operated approximately 240 daily transfer runs and approximately 2300 local delivery routes. Since Q4, we have taken 28 daily transfer trucks off the road and 90 local delivery trucks have been parked. We acquired approximately 71,700 cars in our whole sale recycle parts business during the first six months of 2008 which is 11% more than we acquired in the first half of 2007. The percentage of wholesale vehicles we acquired from salvage auctions accounted for about 96% of our total incoming wholesale product flow. We continue to increase our sales staff level for our recycled parts business and we have done so by an average of 52 people or 7.5% more in Q2 2008 compared to the same quarter of last year because we continue to invest in what we see to be the key of our business model, our sales and distribution system. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the quarter and look forward to continued successes throughout the balance of 2008. We believe the combination of LKQ and Keystone provides an attractive value proposition to a wide array of costumers and to the insurance industry that we can serve with our network of nearly 300 facilities. We believe we are in a unique position to leverage our inventory of after-market, pollution replacement products, recycled OEM products and refurbished OEM products such as wheels, bumper, covers and light by having the ability to sell out of these combined inventories in response to customer request. Further, we believe the diversity of our operating model and customer base has allowed us to sustain attractive organic growth levels even during a period of time where demand for (inaudible) product line is soft. At this point, I would like to ask Mark to run through a more detailed discussion on our financial report.
Mark Spears:  Let's take a look at the tables in our press release. We have also included a table that reconciles net income to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, otherwise known as EBITDA. We also added a supplementary data schedule related to our income statement that shows growth and margin percentages. In addition, we have added a comparison of our major revenue categories for the numbers that we report and also for the numbers on a pro forma basis as if we own Keystone for all of 2007. Looking at our income statement and the related tables, our second quarter of 2008 revenue was up 107.6% to $484.4 million from $233.3 million in Q2 2007. Our first six months of revenue for 2008 grew 108.3% to $976.3 million compared with $468.6 million for the same period in 2007. Our organic revenue growth was calculated on a pro forma basis assuming we owned Keystone for the entire of 2007 year and was 13.2% for the quarter and 11.2% for the six months. Our second quarter 2008 gross margin was 45.4% versus 45% in the second quarter of 2007. For the six months of 2008, our gross margin was 45.4% versus 45.3% in the same period in 2007. As Joe indicated earlier, we have been combining LKQ's pre-existing after-market operations into Keystone's operations. So moving to the issue of calculating organic revenue growth, we cannot really attribute what amount of operating expense growth was organic. The majority of the operating expense growth however would be due to the Keystone acquisition. Our facility and warehouse expenses for Q2 grew $19.2 million or 77.8% over Q2 of 2007. Facility and warehouse expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9% from 10.6% in 2007. On a six-month basis, facility and warehouse expenses grew $38.1 million or 75.8% over 2007. For the first six months of 2008, these expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9% from 10.7% for the same period in 2007. Our distribution expenses for Q2 grew $23.1 million or 104.1% over Q2 2007. Distribution expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9.4% from 9.5% in Q2 2007. On a six-month basis, distribution expenses grew $45.7 million or 103% over 2007. For the first six months of 2008, these expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 9.2% from 9.5% for the same period in 2007. Selling, general and administrative expenses grew $33.6 million or 119.5% over Q2 2007. As SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 12.7% from 12.1% for the same period in 2007. On a six-month basis, selling, general and administrative expenses grew $69 million or 121.3% over 2007. For the first six months of 2008, these expenses as a percentage of revenue increase to 12.9% from 12.1% for the same period in 2007. For the second quarter of 2008, we recorded $3.1 million and for the six months ended June 30, 2008, we recorded $4.3 million of restructuring expenses which were included in operating expenses and are all related to our Keystone acquisition that we did in October 2007. You should note that certain cost of Keystone related to their severances and certain of their facility closure costs, are considered purchase price allocations of the acquisition and are not charged to the income statement. Our operating income for Q2 2008 grew 119.3% to $58.4 million from $26.6 million in Q2 2007. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 12.1% in the quarter compared to 11.4% in Q2 2007. On a six-month basis, operating income grew $66 million or 122.5% over 2007. For the first six months of 2008, operating income improved to 12.3% of revenue compared to 11.5% for the same period in 2007. We improved operating margins 65 basis points in the quarter and by 80 basis points for the six months, with Keystone in our results and including the restructuring costs. An important point to remember however is the best margin quarters for Keystone in the after-market business in general is usually Q4 and Q1, with lower margins in Q2 and Q3. We had net interest expense in Q2 2008 of $8.4 million compared to net interest expense of $2.1 million in Q2 2007. This was related to higher debt levels from the acquisitions (inaudible) to acquire Keystone. Our Q2 2008 pre-tax income grew 105.3% to $50.5 million from $24.6 million in Q2 2007. For the first six months of 2008, pre-tax income increased 100.8% to $101.9 million from $50.8 million for the same period in 2007. For the first six months of 2008, our effective tax rate was 39.3% compared to 41.3% in the same period of 2007. If you exclude the effect of certain adjustments to deferred taxes related to state income taxes, our effective tax rate for 2008 would have been 39.5%. If you exclude certain non-taxable income offset by write-offs of certain differed taxes assets in 2007, our effective tax rate would have been 40.5% for 2007. The lower tax rate in 2008 is primarily due to lower taxes on our Canadian operations. Net income for the quarter increased 121.1% to $31 million from $14 million in Q2 2007. For the first six months of 2008, net income increased 107.5% to $61.9 million from $29.8 million in the same period of 2007. Our diluted earnings per share increased 83.3% to $0.22 in the quarter from $0.12 in Q2 2007. For the first six months of 2008, diluted earnings per share increased 63% to $0.44 from $0.27 for the same period in 2007. Our diluted earnings per share for the first six months of 2008 would have been $0.02 higher had we not had the $4.3 million of restructuring expenses. Our diluted weighted average common shares outstanding used per EPS purposes was follows; Q2 2008, 140.4 million shares; Q2 2007 was 112.5 million shares. For the six months '08, it was 140 million shares; whereas the six months of 2007, 112.2 million shares. The number of weighted averaged diluted share of common stock in 2008 increased from 2007 due to the issuance of 23.6 million new shares in our September 2007 follow-on public offering, also the issuance of 838,073 new shares related to the acquisition of a business on March 4, 2008, also exercise of stock options and an increase in our stock price. Let's take a look at our cash flow table. We generated $67.4 million in cash from operations during the first six months of 2008 which included the effect of investing $11 million in additional inventory. CapEx in the first half of 2008, excluding business acquisitions, was $26.2 million. Cash paid for business acquisitions in the first half was $4.4 million. During the first six months of 2008, we also issued stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in a total of approximately 334,000 shares issued for $3.4 million in proceeds which includes related tax benefits. Taking a look at our 2008 balance sheet, you will note we have $647.4 million in debt that included $644.2 million under our secured credit facility. We also had $104.1 million in cash and equivalents. Note that we obtained a senior security debt financing facility on October 12 to fund a portion of the Keystone acquisition. As of July 30, 2008, our outstanding debt under our bank facility was approximately the same as that at quarter end, while our cash and equivalents were around $100 million. Let's look at our 2008 financial estimate. We expect that 2008 organic revenue will be in the low double-digits with the balance of the growth being the full-year impact of our 2007 business acquisitions and the business acquisition that we have completed to date in 2008. Excluding the effect of any 2008 restructuring expenses related to the Keystone acquisition, we expect full-year 2008 net income to be within a range of $120 million to $124 million and diluted earnings per share to be between $0.85 and $0.88. So the EPS guidance excludes the $0.02 EPS effect of the restructuring expenses incurred in the first half of 2008. We anticipate that net cash provided by operating activities for 2008 will be over $100 million. We estimate our full-year 2008 capital expenditures related to property and equipment, excluding the expenditures of LKQ to acquire businesses, will be between $68 million and $78 million. This includes approximately $10 million related to capital expenditures that were originally planned for late 2007 on projects that became delayed and approximately $4.8 million related to restructuring our after-market business as a result of the Keystone acquisition. We estimate that weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the full-year 2008 will be approximately 141 million. These share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as any future stock issuances, the number of our options exercised in subsequent periods and changes in our stock price. I would like to open up for Q&A at this time.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray. You may proceed.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Good morning. Congratulations on a very nice quarter.
Mark Spears:  Thanks, Mike.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  My first question is, I was hoping you could provide a little bit colors as to what experienced such strong growth within the other category and if you expect that to be sustainable through the balance of the year?
Mark Spears:  Yes. I mean that category is basically a combination of our core, Sunbelt cores, [ph] scrap, aluminum smelter revenue and that's the combination of our volume. We talked about our volumes being up along with some commodity pricing going up as well on a combined basis there. And so in our estimates, we have assumed it will continue to grow year-over-year of course. So, yes, we are assuming continued growth in those areas.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Is there any way to quantify the commodity inflation impact to the sales growth in the quarter?
Joe Holsten:  I don’t think we can really do that. There are so many different commodities involved. We are looking at copper, steel, various non-ferrous items. I don’t think we can really dig through the mix to give you too much color on that.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  That's okay, but I do appreciate that the breakout. I think that's helpful. And then on – in terms of the bumper facility in Mexico, you talked about evaluating what you're going to do with the various sort of satellite facilities around the United States, could you just comment on where that is in terms of profitability or running relative to your expectations?
Mark Spears:  Yes, maybe a couple of comments. One, as we've been digging into the profitability and the resultant contributions of Mexico's bumper refurbishing facility and we've realized kind of in the second – late in the first quarter that we really weren’t able to track the return rate on these bumper covers. When they get into the US, they get into the same mix with the bumper covers that are refurbished in the US. So we think in order for us to make really intelligent decision on the contributions of Mexico, we're going to have to introduce new parts numbers for the Mexico bumper covers and that will help us understand the real quality of the product coming out of Mexico and returns on the product line. So, we're in the process of developing a system wherein we can track the Mexico bumpers in particular and understand the performance that they generate on a better basis. I will say that, over the last couple of months, we've been impressed with the increase in throughput from the Mexico plant that's running a little ahead of our financial goals we had set for the year and up a good 10% over what we saw in the first quarter and we are also very encouraged that the supply cost has begun to come down maybe by as much as a couple of dollars a bumper cover. So good signs we think, but we will need to dig a little deeper on that to slowly understand the contributions of the plant.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Okay, that's very helpful. My last question is a housekeeping item on the interest expense. It looks like on a percentage rate basis dropped in the quarter versus the first quarter, anything that we should incorporate going forward in that front?
Mark Spears:  No, I mean our main debt of course is secured financing. We are at LIBOR plus 225. We did about $250 million that we locked in just before the second quarter I believe, and at the time, that was pretty much fixing it right at the LIBOR was at the time.
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Okay great, thank you.
Mark Spears:  Thanks, Michael.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Thank you. Good morning gentleman.
Mark Spears:  Good morning.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Joe, your recycled side of the business was very strong this quarter and certainly it looks like it was best in several quarters from what we can tell. Why do you think the demand in the recycled side of the business is so strong even with insurance claims, being somewhat soft, is it purely inventory and fill rate driven or is there something else contributing to that?
Joe Holsten:  Yes, there are – as LKQ pointed out, even in our parts, there are a number of factors that are facilitating overall growth in that area. And I certainly don’t want to mislead you but that's all part of sales, because there is a certain amount of this volume driven coming to that line. But let's start with the buying environment. We do believe that the buying market for late model salvage is as good as we've seen. As a result of that, the fill rates that we track for our recycled side of the business, as you try to recall, we track those in terms of not in the stock, and the not in stocks that average LKQ plant has been reporting in the second quarter has dropped about 2 points from what I would have been looking at in the first quarter and probably dropped even a little more than that compared to all of last year.  The second mitigating factor, if you try to recall, is in the sale of recycled products. A little less than 50% our recycling part sale revenue is from the sale of mechanical parts as opposed to crashed parts and it does appear to us that the mechanical parts side of the business may not – had been impacted quite as severely as the crash part side of the business here in the second quarter. But probably the bigger driver in that category is the volume of product that we are moving through, not only moving more product to the whole sale yards to increase our inventory levels, but we have stepped up considerably the volume that goes to our end of life or self service facilities. In fact we opened a yard in Massachusetts solely to just process end of life vehicles, crushed basically, they kind of decontaminate them and crush vehicles. In a couple other facilities and markets where the buying has been heavy, we've added kind of a partial second shift in order to process more volumes.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  And I guess in part on the volume side of the strength you are seeing, if the actual claims at the insurance company are down somewhat, it does not seem to be having as much of an impact on the recycle side as it would on the after market side. So, I am assuming there is still an adequate demand of accidents. It is just that the demand for the lower cost replacement parts is higher right now and maybe a more cosmetic in nature aftermarket part. People aren't willing to spend the deductible to have that fixed. Is there any rationale behind that or something that you could support that, does that make sense?
Joe Holsten:  Well, we do not have any data in hand that we can take you to CCC or Mitchel Source [ph] to give you a specific answer to that. But I'll also say [ph] anecdotal discussions with major insurance companies and with collision repair shops that definitely have focused us on their view that a lot of insured car owners are taking solvent [ph] checks and they are using the funds to make their mortgage payments and pay their bills as opposed to (inaudible) effecting modest cosmetic repairs to vehicles when they are still drivable. We do believe that had some impact on the crash part side of the business. And those would be the exact parts that typically would be – the orders would be filled by the aftermarket industry because we are fenders and bump recovers and grill pieces, pretty modestly priced parts that generally the LKQ side of the business might be in an out of stock position, but certainly would have pretty good availability from the aftermarket side.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Has the combination of the two companies, are you getting any synergy yet on Keystone being able to sell a recycle part, is that some of what we are saying also?
Joe Holsten:  No. Actually, we will be starting our first two pilots on that during the third quarter, where we are going to have the checkmate screens brought right on to the same screens that the aftermarket sales people are using. And we have two markets selected and we will have some feedback for you by the end of the quarter on our next earnings call and the success of that.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. And housekeeping, Mark, and then I'll let someone else have it. Is the inventory mix right now equal basically with the sales segment mix, or is something's skewed just based on the strength in some of the other categories you are saying?
Mark Spears:  Our growth and inventory, as you see, it was primarily recycled. And again we try to build up our inventory as good as we can on recycled parts in the first half of the year to be a little cheaper. That is the only kind of change there when the aftermarket comes down.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay.
Mark Spears:  Year ending in the summer. Why we hike it when the price is good, you buy aftermarket before you get into the busier seasons.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Perfect, thank you guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. You may proceed.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Good morning Joe. Good morning Mark. How are you?
Mark Spears: Hi, Sam.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  A couple of housekeeping questions and then I guess more probing, I suppose. Restructuring costs rest of the year, Mark, what are you budgeting for that?
Mark Spears:  We're not, I mean. Whether it's restructuring expenses or it goes to the balance sheet, really depends on the people we lay out as we get going on that. So, we really have not given any guidance on future restructuring.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Okay. And then –
Mark Spears: That's why our estimates assumed no restructuring in the past or future, when we did the EPSF [ph].
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Got you. Joe, you were talking about the initiative to raise selling prices where needed. Was there an impact in the quarter from pricing actions or were you talking prospectively?
Joe Holsten:  We have ongoing efforts kind of reviewing pricing for both price increases and price cuts. We really have not seen much activity out of the OEs on pricing and we believe a couple of Japanese manufacturers have probably nudged their prices off, and if they did, we would have moved with them. But all in all, I would have to characterize the pricing environment right now is relatively flat and pretty competitive.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  And then getting back to that other segment, and first off Mark, I do appreciate – I'm hoping speaking for other folks too, I do appreciate the extra level of detail that is included in this release, it is much appreciated. The other segment is that entirely the scrap or is there some refurbed bumpers and wheels and other sorts of remanufactured items in there?
Mark Spears:  No, it is just scrap off the recycled. It is really all recycled stuff. It's scrap, core and the smelter is in there as well.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  The gross margin on that other line, is that significantly less than the gross margin in the other two more, I'll call them, core segments.
Joe Holsten :  We do not really break those out.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  But generally speaking, the answer to that would be because the smelters in there and the – 
Mark Spears:  Keep in mind the smelters are lower margin we talked about in the past. So, I mean it is lower. Scrap, you are getting off your cars. It tends to be built into the margin of your scrap of the car you bought.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Okay. My final question, I am going to take the risk of repeating one of the prior questions, because I am still – at least, I am not sure about it, the answer to it. I understand, Joe, why the after market demand, it will be softer with the lower fuel prices, perhaps used car values coming down. People being more cognizant of their own budgets, but the recycled demand being up in the 20% range seems real outsized growth versus its historical trends. And I am just still curious as to why the recycled business as a whole is growing faster that its historical trends within this sort of end market environment.
Mark Spears :  There is couple of things in there. One, of the low end cars and we do sell parts related revenue too, not just scrap. So the parts related to those lower end cars are up in the recycled. As Joe mentioned, quarter to quarter, we have like 41% increase in the low end car volumes. And so, that is not all scrap. That has parts of above as well. Two, in the wholesale side of the business, don't forget, on the wholesale recycled business as an industry, 65% of the time when a shop asks for that recycled part and that's what the insurance companies are pushing, it's not available. To the extent we have better fill rate and we get more cars, that helps drive the wholesale recycled parts business as well. So, it is a little bit granular, as you need to buy the cars at the auction and inventory the good, having to write parts will help that grow a little better than you would on the aftermarket where you just buy the products.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Okay. So, what you are saying is that because your purchased volumes were up, perhaps because you are seeing more totaled vehicles and some more available at the auctions, your fill rates on the recycled side is up, so your sales growth is going to be up.
Mark Spears :  Yes. And Joe had mentioned we were up like 2 percentage points, 200 basis points, in our fill rates on the wholesale in Q2.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Any sense on what the industry is doing?
Mark Spears:  The recycled industry?
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James: Yes, the recycled industry. I mean, I know you represent a large percentage, but outside of you, anyway to tell.
Mark Spears :  To sell all of our privately owned, it is very again, because they don't know what they are doing.
Sam Darkatsh – Raymond James:  Okay. Thank you gentleman.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird. You may proceed.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Thanks and congratulations from me as well. Just to follow on the prior questions related to recycled revenue, is there any of scrap value in that line? In other words, if you sell this steel hulk, does any of that revenue get captured in the recycled line?
Mark Spears :  That is in Other.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  That is in Other. So, there is no really no commodity inflation impact in that particular number?
Mark Spears :  Correct.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. And last quarter co-part [ph] and others appear to have raised fees, and you indicated that your plan was to offset that with lower bids. Has that been successful for you?
Joe Holsten:  We've significantly accomplished what we normally do there. The overall cost of our salvage is up a little bit this year, but quite frankly, I would say the increase in (inaudible) to salvage probably tracked pretty closely to the increase in (inaudible). So, basically I think the auction cost has probably gone up by about the increase in value of the scrap metal.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. And then, over the last quarter, there has been some conversation about a decay in revenue as you combined Keystone with LKQ and that some of your customers my want to keep other vendors alive. Are you seeing that impact you at all and how are you dealing with it?
Mark Spears:  Yes. I get started to say that there has been some customer dislocation with the amount of change that we have drawn it, not only our own people, but our customer base is probably to the expected. I'll probably ask you to keep in mind, we walked into this kind of looking at 2.5 year period of time to integrate and merge these business. We are going to be pretty much done with that in 12 months or less. And probably the aspect to the integration may have been a little rougher that we thought has been in systems training. When we go back and we looked at when Keystone converted (inaudible), their same store sales dipped by about 50% as I recall. As we discussed on prior calls, we've moved customer discounts, customers' parts being delivered on different routes and maybe having different schedules and delivery times of the day. There is a lot of small moving pieces out there and with a lot of the integration work and the warehouse moves behind us, now management and our sales organization I think is in a position to go back and tackle those small issues kind of one by one. So, we are making tons of outbound calls, we have our driver reps and they have requirements to how many kind of cold calls or sales calls they need to make per week, making a lot of customer contacts, and addressed these small issues one by one. This is a good management team. I am entirely confident that, given time, we will kind of cut back through a lot of small issues here and regain some customers who made us second on their call list.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Thank you. And then final question is a macro question, but there are some big trends affecting vehicles and operations today, one being a shift towards smaller cars and hybrids, the other being a shift away from leasing towards more ownership. How will those two trends if at all impact your business?
Mark Spears:  I think there probably a number of them to talk about. And of course, you could even add gas prices on to that list as well. In terms of leasing, we believe that reduced leasing from the manufacturers probably is good for the alternative part business and it's probably good for aftermarket product sales in particular. They are viewed at, most vehicles are on lease from the manufacturer probably all the repairs are going to be made with new OEM parts. And if those leases are held by someone else, we would assume that there might more interest in the consumer in seeking out lower cost repairs on those vehicles, especially when they come out from underneath warranty, but are still on lease.  The hybrids, we are already getting hybrids into our yards. We believe in the long run that the hybrids are probably a plus to the business as well. They appear to have more parts and some of those parts especially in the electrical system and the batteries, it’s kind of an added value to create for the company. The SUVs, it appears as though it's probably going to be less buying of the SUVs. That's probably a modest takeaway because they are fairly expensive parts, plus the same time, the SUVs have typically been pretty tough for us to buy. Those are probably among the more typical vehicles that are going to rebuilders and that's always our toughest competitor at an auction is someone who rebuilds vehicles. I think in terms of discussion about reduced buying on pickup trucks, I think a lot has to still shake out in that area. It would be our view that the pickup truck is actually, it comes as a work vehicle for a lot of people and a lot of consumers. So we’re not all that convinced that pickup truck buying is going to die in the line here. I guess the final comment I would make would probably be, if there is a shift towards smaller vehicles, it depends on how small, small goes. The bread and butter of our company, quite frankly over the years, has been the Camrys, the Hyundais, and KIAs. I can guarantee, you call any of our managers and you ask them what would be their favorite cars to get out of the salvage auction, they will tell you it’s a Honda Accord. I bet that’s 100% and at times that’s the answer and Honda Civic. So that’s where the vehicle population shifts, I think that’s a good thing for us. If there is a more drastic shift toward the smart cars and vehicles that almost appear to be disposable vehicles, that’s probably neutral to small minus for us. The repairs for those vehicles probably a good chance they will be effective with aftermarket parts because they have to seek a very little cost solution to repair those vehicles or they’re going to total out.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Great. Thank you.
Joe Holsten:  Thanks Craig. I think we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Hey guys, it's Scot Ciccarelli.
Joe Holsten:  Hi Scott.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  I guess I had two kinds of follow-up questions here. The first is, people are trying to figure out the impact of commodity prices, so maybe a different way to tackle that would be, is it fair to assume the volume growth in the other category is comparable to the volume growth in the recycle category?
Mark Spears:  No. We mentioned in the lower end cars, Joe read out some volume numbers there, and it was like 41% for the quarter on the car volume in the low end cars and 34%. So that’s the volume and have more scrap and those types of things in there, so there a lot of volume that is probably affecting that more than the ones above.
Joe Holstein:  One thing I would add to that Scot for everybody to keep – maybe an additional factor in here is that we have been investing additional capital into our self service yards that are helping with better extraction of both cars [ph] and particularly non-car items in the vehicles and that is helping our yield per car. Just as an example, in 2007 probably the powertrains where we didn’t sell those, they where remaining in those end of life vehicles. Now, quite a few of our retail yards are pulling those (inaudible) equipment that allows us to do that pretty economically, and we get paid more per ton on that metal when we’ve pulled it out of the vehicles. Similarly, our operations are getting better, segregating aluminum in particular. We’re far better at that today than we were a year ago. So, there’s some operating benefits that are being driven by more capital investments and just being a little smarter about how we run the business. It’s helping that number out too.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. And that’s helpful. And then the other question is that obviously the aftermarket is being impacted by, it sounds like two factors, number one, just the fewer insurance claims. Number two, let’s call it, the customer dislocations. Is there any way to kind of gauge how much of an impact each one has been on the business?
Joe Holsten:  Yes. I thought about that quite a bit because I assumed one of you would ask. It's tough to say probably, I guess, would be that I’m going to say maybe 60% is coming out of the softness of the market and 30% to 40% may be coming out of customer losses which would be – some of our customer losses are probably permanent. For example, I think I mentioned in former calls, some of the losses are jobbers or wholesalers. These are our competitors. They’re probably not coming back and we probably don’t want them back. They’re low margin work and certainly would be questionable why we should allow our competitors to leverage our buying prowess to compete with us. So some of that work is gone and isn’t coming back.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Joe Holsten:  All right, Scot. Thank you. We appreciate everyone for calling in and look forward updating about 90 days on our third quarter. Thanks again.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-15 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Holsten – President and CEO Mark Spears – CFO
Analysts: Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co. Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets Jeff – Raymond James
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 LKQ Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Erica and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, CEO, Joe Holsten. Please proceed. 
Joe Holsten:  Before we get started, I need to talk about forward-looking statements. The statements in this press release and webcast include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. These factors include the risk factors and other risks that are described in our Form 10-K filed February 29, 2008 and in other reports filed by us from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which it was made, except as required by law. I also want to remind everyone that we declared a two-for-one stock split in December 2007. So, all earnings per share amounts and share counts discussed today reflect this split. Okay. Good morning and thanks for joining LKQ Corporation's first quarter 2008 earnings call. On the call today are two members of management, Mark Spears and myself. My name is Joe Holsten. I'm the CEO of LKQ. I will begin by providing some high level overview of our performance as well as some qualitative views on the business, as well as our industry. And then Mark will provide a more detailed assessment of the company's financial results for the quarter. We delivered record revenue and record earnings this quarter. We reported $491.9 million in revenue for the quarter, which represents 109% total revenue growth over the first quarter of 2007. Our organic revenue growth for the quarter was 9% and was calculated assuming we had owned Keystone for the first quarter of 2007. Because we had already merged significant aspects of our pre-existing aftermarket businesses and Keystone's aftermarket business in the first quarter of 2008, we could not calculate organic revenue growth without making this assumption. We continue to make excellent progress to leverage our infrastructure as we expanded our operating margin by 90 basis points, including restructuring costs. Our operating margin was 12.5% for the quarter compared to 11.6% in the first quarter of 2007. Our net income increased just over 95% to $30.9 million for the quarter and diluted earnings per share increased by 57% to $0.22. As we've previously reported, the Keystone acquisition closed on October the 12, so this is the first quarter in which we have fully included the financial results of both LKQ and Keystone. While there are a number of encouraging aspects of the Q1 financial results, I'm particularly pleased with the expansion in our operating margins, which increased by 110 basis points before considering restructuring costs. I would remind you that this 110 basis point expansion is in comparison to LKQ's stand-alone in the same quarter of the prior year and that LKQ has historically enjoyed higher operating margins than Keystone, (inaudible) the growth is even greater than it may appear at first glance. Clearly, the improvement demonstrates the synergies that are being derived through this business combination and the resulting shareholder value. We have mostly completed a number of areas where we had expected to attain cost synergies, including elimination of public company costs, reduction of corporate overhead expenses, elimination of duplicate marketing outlays, reducing Keystone's Taiwan trading costs, reducing various insurance expenses and terminating a number of Keystone's special projects and associated outlays. The remaining focus areas include further facility consolidations and delivery route integrations, all of which we expect to complete by the end of this fiscal year. This past quarter, we continued our focus on the conversation of LKQ facilities onto Keystone's operating system, Prelude. These conversions range from simply training the LKQ sales staff on Prelude to write their orders into this new system, to the full warehouse relocations and conversions. Since the Keystone acquisition was completed, we have completed 51 Prelude conversions. We have physically moved out of 12 warehouses to date, subsequent to completing the software conversions, and in total we expect to complete 63 Prelude conversions and 25 physical warehouse and 10 storefront moves by the end of 2008. We are also currently reviewing volumes and capacities at our remaining 63 bumper, wheel, and light refurbishing locations to determine the possibility of consolidating some locations in the future. As part of these consolidation efforts, we will be standardizing our refurbishing processes to achieve consistent quality and increase volumes. This effort, however, will take place later in 2008 and into 2009 and other than two-wheel warehouses, is not part of the 25 physical warehouse moves. We continue to believe costs savings will be close to the $20 million level in 2008 and will be annualizing at a minimum of $35 million by 2010. We are also pleased with the gross margin achieved by the business in Q1, as some of our successes in reducing the purchase price of the products, as well as purchase discounts have begun to be realized in our financial statement. I would note, however, that some of our suppliers and ocean freight vendors have come under cost pressure from increasing steel and oil prices and are attempting to pass on their higher costs. We currently believe that we will be able to fully mitigate these increases by obtaining postponement in the increases, through selective price increases and by allocating our purchasing dollars to those suppliers who are not currently seeking cost increases. We previously indicated in our 2008 financial guidance that our organic revenue growth would be approximately 10%. If Keystone is included in our first quarter of 2007 operations, then the combined organic revenue growth of both companies together would have been about 9%. We believe that on an annual basis we will be close to 10% combined organic revenue growth as we improve the overall inventory in our warehouses, add additional SKUs of value line products and continue to make minor adjustments to our parts prices and customer discount levels. Moving on to two business acquisitions that we completed so far in 2008, which totaled approximately $10.6 million in trailing annual revenue before we acquired them – the first one closed in February and was a retail-oriented recycled parts business located in Orlando, Florida that operates on 3.5 acres of property adjoining one of our existing retail businesses. We will merge these together and operate as one facility. The second was completed in early March and is a heavy duty truck recycler located in Houston, which operates on an 18 acre facility and operates similar to the way our auto recycling yards operate except it handles large trucks such as cement or garbage trucks. We see this line of business having good growth opportunities for us in the future. We also opened up the new retail-oriented recycled parts business located in Rockford, Illinois on approximately 11 acres of property. We lease the facility and opened it as a cold start in early March. In terms of other cold-start developments, we have begun work on retail-oriented self service operations, one each in Indiana and South Carolina. At LKQ insurance relationships and programs have always been important to us and are even more so now with the investment in Keystone. We have four insurance carriers, up one from the prior quarter in the Midwest to directly provide us low-end cars that will supply some parts to be sold into the professional repair market, with the remainder of each car being placed into retail-oriented locations. We expect these four programs to provide us over 450 cars per month and are looking at other geographical markets where we can introduce similar programs. Our Right Choice Program with Advanced Auto Parts generated $2.2 million in revenue for the quarter, more than it has ever produced. Advanced stepped up its marketing with displays and signage during the quarter. At the end of Q1, LKQ operated close to 260 daily transfer runs and close to 2,300 local delivery routes. Since Q4, we have taken 8 daily transfer runs and approximately 70 local delivery trucks off the road. We acquired approximately 39,200 cars in our wholesale recycled parts business during the quarter, which is 23% more than we acquired in Q1 of 2007. The percentage of vehicles that we acquired from salvage auctions accounted for around 96% of our total incoming wholesale product flow. We continue to increase our sales staff levels for the recycled part business and we have done so by an average of 71 people or 15% more in Q1 compared to 2007 levels, as we continue to invest in what we see to be the key to our business model, our sales and distributions systems. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the quarter and look forward to continued successes throughout the balance of 2008. The combination of LKQ and Keystone provides a very attractive value proposition to a wide array of customers and the insurance industry that we can serve with our network of nearly 300 facilities. We are in a unique position to leverage our inventories of aftermarket collision replacement products, recycled OEM parts, and refurbished OEM products such as wheels, bumper covers, and lights, by having the ability to sell out of these combined inventories in response to customer requests. At this point, I would like to ask Mark to provide a more detailed discussion on our financial results. 
Mark Spears:  Good morning, everyone. Let's take a look at the tables in our press release and note we have also included a table that reconciles net income to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, otherwise known as EBITDA. We also added a supplementary data schedule related to our income statement. This shows growth and margin percentages. Looking at our income statement and related tables, our first quarter revenue was up 109% to $491.9 million from $235.3 million in Q1 2007. Our organic revenue growth was 9% for the quarter but was calculated assuming we owned Keystone for the first quarter of 2007. Our first quarter 2008 gross margin was 45.4% versus 45.5% in the first quarter of 2007. As Joe indicated earlier, we have been combining LKQ's pre-existing aftermarket operations into Keystone's operations. Similar to the issue of calculating organic revenue growth, we cannot really attribute what amount of operating expense growth was organic. The majority of the operating expenses growth, however, would be due to the Keystone acquisition. Our facility and warehouse expenses for Q1 grew $18.9 million or 73.8% over Q1 2007. Facility and warehouse expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9% from 10.9% in 2007. Our distribution expenses for Q1 grew $22.6 million or 101.9% over Q1 2007. Distribution expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9.1% from 9.4% in Q1 2007. Selling, general and administrative expenses grew $35.4 million or 123.1% over Q1 2007. SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 13% from 12.2% for the same period in 2007. For the quarter, we had approximately $1.2 million in restructuring expenses, all related to the Keystone acquisition. These costs include severance, facility closure, and relocation costs and other costs related to restructuring the two companies. You should note that certain costs of Keystone related to severance and certain facility closure costs are considered purchase allocations of the acquisition and are not charged to the income statement. Our operating income for Q1 2008 grew 125.6% to $61.5 million from $27.3 million in Q1 2007. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 12.5% in the quarter, compared to 11.6% in Q1 2007. We improved operating margins 90 basis points with Keystone in our results for the full quarter. An important point to remember, however, is the best margin quarters for Keystone and the after-market business, in general, is Q4 and Q1, with lower margins in Q2 and Q3. We had net interest expense in Q1 2008 of $10.3 million compared to net interest expense of $1.7 million in Q1 2007. This was related to higher debt levels from the acquisition debt incurred to acquire Keystone on October 12. Our Q1 2008 pretax income grew 96.6% to $51.5 million from $26.2 million in Q1 2007.  For Q1 2008, our effective tax rate was 40% compared to 39.7% in the same period of 2007. If you exclude the $562,000 of non-taxable income related to life insurance policies that we had back in Q1 2007, our effective tax rate would have been 40.5% in Q1 '07. Net income for the quarter increased 95.5% to $30.9 million from $15.8 million in Q1 2007. Our diluted earnings per share increased 57.1% to $0.22 in the quarter from $0.14 in Q1 2007. Our diluted weighted average common shares outstanding used for EPS purposes were as follows: Q1 2008 had 139.7 million shares versus Q1 2007 at 112 million shares. The number of weighted average diluted shares of common stock in 2008 increased from Q1 2007 due to the issuance of 23.6 million new shares in our September 2007 follow-on public offering. Also the issuance of 838,000 new shares related to the acquisition of a business on March 4, 2008, along with exercises of stock options and the increase in our stock price. Let's take a look at our cash flow table now. We generated $32.4 million in cash from operations during the first quarter, which included the effect of investing $8.8 million in additional inventory. All the growth was salvage inventory as Q1 is our prime buying season at the salvage auctions. Net CapEx in the quarter, excluding business acquisitions, was $13.2 million. Cash paid for business acquisitions in the quarter was $4.2 million. In addition, we issued 838,000 shares of our common stock to finance a portion of a business acquisition. During the first quarter of 2008 we also issued stock related to the exercise of stock options that resulted in a total of approximately 203,000 shares issued for $2 million in proceeds, which includes related tax benefits for the company. In looking at our 2008 balance sheet, you will note we had $651.6 million in debt that included $646.5 million under our secured credit facility. We also had $85.4 million in cash and equivalents as a result of our public offering completed the last week of September, 2007. Note that we attained a senior secured debt financing facility on October 12 to fund a portion of the Keystone acquisition. As of April 30, 2008 our outstanding debt under our bank facility was approximately the same as that at the quarter end, while our cash and equivalents was around $60 million. Let's take a look at our 2008 financial estimates. We expect that 2008 organic revenue growth will be around 10% with the balance of the growth being the full year impact of 2007 and 2008 business acquisitions. Excluding the effect of any 2008 restructuring expenses we may have related to the Keystone acquisition, we expect full year 2008 net income to be within a range of $106 million to $111 million and diluted earnings per share to be between $0.75 and $0.79. We anticipate that net cash provided by operating activities for 2008 will be over $85 million. We estimate our full-year 2008 capital expenditures related to property and equipment, excluding the expenditures of LKQ to acquire businesses, will be between $65 million and $75 million. This does include approximately $10 million related to capital expenditures planned for in late 2007 on projects that became delayed, and approximately $4.8 million related to restructuring our aftermarket business as a result of the Keystone acquisition. We estimate the weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the full-year 2008 will be approximately 141 million. These share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as any future stock issuances, the number of our options exercised in subsequent periods, and changes in our stock price. I would like to turn it back to Joe for any further comments and to open up the Q&A. 
Joe Holsten:  Thanks, Mark. Erica, why don't we open up the lines for questions now, please?
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Scott Stember from Sidoti. Please proceed. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  Good morning. Could you guys talk about trends by quarter, what you saw and how we're trending so far in the second quarter? 
Mark Spears:  Trends through the quarter? 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  Yes. As far as sales go; I'm sorry. 
Mark Spears:  You've got to mean like April -- how is April looking? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. Certainly we are probably hitting our peak revenue per day in February and early March, where we saw just a modest amount of softening as we got into the last couple weeks of March. As we've seen historically, April sales will take a pretty good reduction from the mid-February, early-March revenue levels, which we have seen. So, sales in April are certainly soft but that's kind of a historical trend that we have seen, particularly in the crash parts business. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  But nothing out of the ordinary? 
Joe Holsten:  I would not say anything out of the ordinary at this point. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  Okay. Could you talk about this truck recycler acquisition, maybe just talk about how the process works, where you acquire your stock from and just talk about maybe some of the opportunities to expand this? 
Joe Holsten:  We are pretty excited about the industry overall. In some respects it's a little reminiscent when we started to look at the auto parts industry. There is not huge amounts of crisp data on how big the industry is. But, we are very confident. We have got easily a billion-dollar-plus industry, and maybe one other slight difference here is that I tend to look at the heavy duty truck industry to be more of an end-of-life or late truck life cycle business as opposed to salvage. Certainly, we acquire salvage, but we also acquire vehicles, fleet vehicles that are coming out of companies with large truck fleets. So there is an aspect of the business that can be more like secure disposal, if you will. So, what attracted us to the business, one of course, the size of the market. It's very encouraging; what we've seen in margins, at least so far and we've only looked at a few businesses here. The margins would appear to be attractive. I think it brings some diversity to the overall company.  Some of the things that LKQ brings to the table that has optimized our profitability in the auto salvage business would be true here, as well. Certainly scale would bring value to operating the heavy duty truck recycling business. And a strong balance sheet would certainly create a significant differential advantage over the smaller competitors. The competitive landscape is kind of similar to what we've seen in the auto side with a lot of mom and pop businesses. The other thing, obviously I think our skill set and the ability to consolidate businesses into cohesive units that work effectively together will be a good value here. Our knowledge of interchange, which really has not been developed in the industry, I think will create shareholder value. And then finally I think there is somewhat of an untapped play in the insurance industry. It isn't clear to me that the insurance industry is actively looking at used parts as a cost savings advantage in the heavy duty truck world. So there is some potential going down that path, as well. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  All right. And the last couple questions on housekeeping. Could you just talk about the latest status of the Ford case and anything that you are hearing on State Farm? 
Joe Holsten:  The status on the Ford ITC case is really unchanged since our last call. Both companies have filed appeals. The Federal Circuit Court that's dedicated to these intellectual property claims has decided that they want to hear the Egyptian goddess case prior to – I'm sorry – proceeding to hear the appeals at this point. I don't think we are still looking for any sort of decision on this before the end of the year. So, at least the kind of timeframe involved is unchanged. As for State Farm, again, no change in the positioning of State Farm. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Co.:  Okay. That's all I have. Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Good morning, Joe and Mark. The first question just has to do with the price of gasoline. Have you seen that impact either your top line in terms of vehicle miles traveled or your bottom line in terms of fuel expense? 
Mark Spears:  Yes. On the bottom line, our fuel expense – and you are right if you look at the Q1 to Q1 the price of fuel has gone up per gallon like 38%, looking at the government statistics. Only about 7.5% if you look Q4 to Q1. So, I looked at it. Still, in our distribution cost, about 2% of our revenue is fuel. And that's been pretty consistent; that we have seen to have kept that percentage there for quite a few quarters, despite fuel going up. The other part of your question was talking about the impact of gas on people driving cars? 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Correct. 
Mark Spears:  I can't say we have really seen – and it's really hard for us to figure that in our revenue, to be honest with you. I think we still feel like a lot more of the more expensive accidents are the driving around near your home. And I don't think we have seen enough time of that right now to evaluate that. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. And then shifting gears, there has been a California bill in the news related to aftermarket parts. Can we get your perspective on that? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. The bill, I think it's Senate Bill 1059 which has moved through a couple of committees. I think it's going into its third committee now, which basically says it would be unlawful for an insurance company to require the installation of an aftermarket part on a vehicle, if the part being replaced is under existing OE warranty. And then there's a provision that unless the aftermarket parts are required to be used under the terms of the claimant's insurance contract. The bill only applies to vehicles during the first three years after the date the vehicle is sold as new. And there are some other restrictions that – it only applies to certain specified parts, in terms of aftermarket parts. I think the implication of the bill is that it would apply just to sheet metal parts; it would not apply to plastics and bumper covers and so forth. But the bill also allows insurance companies to override the law by having the appropriate language in their policies. First of all, the insurance lobby has not really weighed in on this legislation at his point. We would expect them to do so at this point since it has made it out of a couple of committees. We would expect it to be a pretty powerful lobby in any state and in particular in California. So, we are pretty optimistic that the power of that lobby will ultimately prevail to either achieve some very significant changes in the verbiage of this legislation, which has already happened two or three times, or just an out and out kill of the bill. The other aspect here of the bill – and certainly we are concerned about anything like this, but it certainly is our view that the bill can be interpreted such that the insurance companies' policies today allow them to use aftermarket products in the repair of vehicles. It's very clear in the language and that as such the insurance companies may just simply take the view that since they have the right to do that then they are requiring it. So, we will continue to monitor the bill carefully and weigh in to work with the insurance industry to try to defeat the bill. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Thanks. And then with respect to the heavy weight or heavy duty truck market, is this an idea where you could roll this strategy out across the country and theoretically own dozens of facilities over time? 
Joe Holsten:  Well, we are kind of keeping our options open right now as we get a little deeper understanding of the market and the business opportunities available. But to answer your question, yes, we would envision there should be a good opportunity to link heavy duty truck recycling yards the same way that we link the auto and light duty truck yards together. There just wouldn't be a need for nearly as many facilities. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  And lastly, just with respect to auctions, the availability of cars, could you give us an update there? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. The first quarter – I'll answer that in two ways. One, the late model wholesale vehicle, first quarter was a very robust buying environment for us. The actual cars bought were up pretty significantly over 2007 levels. We were up 22%, 23%, I think it was. So the auction environment was really pretty robust. And then on the end-of-life vehicles there's probably been more of an increase in competition for those vehicles than for the late model cars and that's being driven obviously by the fact that scrap prices have moved up quite a bit. But we were able to achieve our budgeted and targeted level of product for the self service yards during the quarter. Although the price per car did increase percentage-wise quite significantly from year-ago levels. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  And auctions in April? 
Joe Holsten:  To date, I guess we are just getting our third week's numbers in, I guess yesterday. And yes, it's a pretty robust environment. We have built a pretty good backlog going into May. I'm sure it's the strongest backlog we have ever had as a company. We did see price increases from Copart and (inaudible) very late March we saw increases from Copart come through the auctions. We have responded to those the way we normally do and that's to advise our bidders to begin to lower their bids by the amount of the increase. It takes some number of weeks for the markets to settle out. So, it would be my expectation when the dust settles we will have successfully lowered our bids by whatever price increase came through. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. Thank you. Congratulations. 
Joe Holsten:  Thanks, Craig. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello from BB &T Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions. One, very impressive on the margin improvement side of things and particularly if you look at the way the integration is flowing out. I know in the past you've talked about the core LKQ business maybe improving 50 or 70 basis points a year. But to then get over 110 basis points year over year, before restructuring, when you combined the two, especially with Keystone being at a much lower level, how much of that is synergy-related versus how much is it of overall improvement at the core business? And I know it's probably hard to quantify. But is it equal? Is it more synergy or is it still seeing that sort of average plus the synergy on top? 
Mark Spears:  Yes, maybe talk about the synergies for a minute. We haven't really publicly said each quarter what the synergy is. We have said $20 million for the year and if you kind of divide by 4 you get $5 million and obviously we haven't got them all in yet. So it's a little more back-end lowered as we continue to convert and merge together. So, you can probably take a guess. It is south of $5 million in the actual quarter. Also keep in mind, though, Q1 and Q4 are always the higher margins in the aftermarket business. And that's why I kind of warn people a little bit. When you get into Q2 and then especially Q3, you are not going to see quite the same impact. Because it is a slower season and the aftermarket businesses, they can't let anybody go. They can't lever quite as well when, that comes down, but they are pretty good when it comes up, the volume. When it comes down it's a little harder to lever down. So I'm just saying that Q1 is the best quarter for both of us. And we can usually make a little more margin improvement than that. And you saw Q4 as well had that in it. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  You got pretty good leverage off of what was a 9% comp below sort of the 10% that you are targeting. So I mean it was – obviously your core business is performing quite well. I guess maybe that's the take-away. 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  And Joe, you alluded to some of the eliminations of overhead and trading and insurance. And then you talked about some special projects and outlays that you've eliminated out of Keystone. Can you give a little bit more detail as far as what those might have entailed? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. They had engaged consultants in some systems projects that we decided to cancel. We really didn't see the long-term value that would have been coming out of that. There was a group that was destined to, I think, open up an office in China, probably development of new vendor relationships. We decided to not go forward with that. And there were some consultants being used in their distribution systems that we've decided to terminate that relationship, as well. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. But nothing related to further cross dock evaluation or anything going on in Mexico? Or are those projects still under review? 
Joe Holsten:  Those projects are still under review. Keystone had hired a new individual, kind of a senior operating person overseeing those markets. We felt we had an individual in our Transwheel organization that had the appropriate skills to oversee that. So, we eliminated that cost. And Mexico, we are keeping a close eye on that. The facility's production levels are up, I think about 10% over the prior year. And I think we will be happy if we keep that at about a 10% improvement for this year. A lot more effort, as I discussed last time, to make sure that we are sending the right product to Mexico. They should only be receiving product that we really have demand for and need back in the domestic market. Cross docks, I think the last time I mentioned that we didn't tinkering with that during the busy season was really a smart thing to do. What we have done so far is that we are putting less volume through the cross docks and we have instructed our procurement team to do more container-direct shipments into the warehouses. So, certainly we would expect that now the volume going through the cross docks to come down. The original business case of the cross docks, I think was predicated on fuel prices at about 50% of where they are today. So, now that we have got the winter storm season behind us, I think it gives us the opportunity to take a second look, a fresh look at the costs associated with the cross dock operation. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. And it sounds like that could ultimately just be phased out at some point, if I'm hearing you correctly? 
Joe Holsten:  We are open-minded to this, Tony. There are certainly some advantages to the cross dock. It's certainly clear, even if only anecdotally, that revenue can be enhanced through the cross-dock concept. It's an incredibly complex revenue/cost trade-off analysis to work through. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  And I think in you, in your commentary referred to some wheel and lighting analysis or testing that you are looking to see if Keystone was having these up to sort of the standards of LKQ. Did I hear that correctly? Or did I misinterpret what you were saying there? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. I may have not expressed that real clearly. What we are doing in the wheel facilities, the Keystone wheel facility was by and large operated pretty independently. They did not use even the same paint or powder coatings. Their internal processes were generally fairly different. And I think it's fair to say the same thing about the bumper refinishing facilities. It's our intent to standardize all of the LKQ wheel refinishing facilities under common standard practices and processes, using the same paint and powder coatings and the same quality standards. And primarily that's to drive more consistency in the quality of the product, as opposed to being cost driven. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  And are these all inclusive in the sort of $35 million in savings? Or could this potentially be something that could be incremental? 
Joe Holsten:  There could be some incremental value there. I think it would be pretty modest. I think the incremental value would probably come through increased wheel sales. Could be some power purchasing on some consumable supplies in the process. Again, we are really more focused on the consistency of quality more than anything else. And then, as a part of that same process, we think there are probably a couple more wheel facility closures that can be achieved without sacrificing any top line. That's kind of a late 2008 assessment though. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just one last quick question. Mark, when you talk about – I think if you look at your total debt, long-term and current, of March 31 versus what you had in December, it's down like $6.8 million. But the cash flow statement shows down $5.5 million. I'm just wondering what the difference might be from that difference? 
Mark Spears:  How much the debt is down? Are you talking about the – 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Yes. I'm talking about the difference between what you show on the balance sheet and then how much the cash flow statement showed. 
Mark Spears:  I know there's a little difference, just coming through because we got a plug [ph] of Canadian debt and Canadian dollars. We've got a little bit flying through there that's exchange rate. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. Okay. Not a huge difference. 
Mark Spears:  And I don't think we've made any payments – we did make a payment, by the way, in March. But I think you are trying to match the payments back to the debt? 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Yes. Back to the debt. Yes. 
Mark Spears:  We did make some debt payments of the other debt. It went from like $8 million to $5 million or something. And this is when we buy a smaller company, we try to instead of putting money in escrow for warranty claims, we try to do a seller debt where we have the guy, you know, we owe the money to that guy. That's part of it, as well. 
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay. That's perfect. Okay. I'll let someone have it. Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Rod Lache for Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank:  Good morning. The inventory turns just look a little high relative to history. If I look at last year LKQ's turns were about 4 times, Keystone at about 3.25 times. And this year it's 3.3 times. Mathematically wouldn't it be closer to the average of the two? Could you just kind of talk to us a little bit about what our expectations should be? 
Mark Spears:  One of the problems is the salvage business is always kind of turn 3 times. If you take cost of sales and you take inventory, we are selling stuff that's not in inventory because we broker parts. So the true turn is more 3 or so on an annual basis. Now, one of the things we are kind of looking at is if you go and try to calculate turns in a Q4 and a Q1, you are going to get some pretty high turns, just because that's our busier season. But I think both of them are pretty consistent, on the same turn if you pull out your broker-type parts. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. So, on a year-over-year basis there's not much to read into this? 
Mark Spears:  Other than we've better turns in Q4 and Q1. So, I don't know how you are trying to annualize this thing. If you pick Q1 turns it's going to show too high of a turn probably on an annual basis. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. We can follow up on that. And then in terms of the corporate synergies on the SG&A, can you just give us a little bit of color on just thinking about SG&A as a percentage of sales? How you are thinking that should flow on a year-over-year basis? Obviously percentage of sales year-over-year is higher largely because of the acquisition. 
Mark Spears:  Well, yes. The raw numbers are higher because of the acquisition. And you probably noticed that Keystone operated a little higher G&A than we did. You kind of saw the percent of revenues in our G&A. And actually it's selling and G&A combined. We don't break out G&A separately. They used to break out G&A and combine selling and distribution. So, it's a little hard to go back to the prior financials to do that analysis for you. But, our selling costs are pretty variable and they can go up with revenue, on the LKQ side, on the recycled business where there's not as much commission on the other side. So, there is going to be a piece that's variable. But if you added selling and general together, it's not going to grow the same level going forward as organic. And you ought to start seeing some, as we get a full year under our belt with Keystone, you will see some ability to not grow that anywhere near what the organic revenue growth is. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Good morning and congratulations on a very nice quarter. My first question is now that we are six months into the combination of the Keystone business here with your own, I was wondering if there are any high level comments or opportunities or maybe challenges that you've picked up on that weren't immediately clear at the time of the acquisition? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. I would say I think it's both a challenge and an opportunity probably in the procurement system and kind of the ordering logic that was in use in the Keystone operation. Kind of our assessment of the – as Mark said, a large team of people, pretty busy looking for excess inventory issues or obsolescence in the inventory. So, we've beaten the inventory up pretty good over the last five to six months. And probably the one thing that's been the largest surprise is the amount of inventory that we believe is in the wrong position. It's good quality inventory that we will sell. But it's not in the right location to sell, or there's too much of it in specific locations. So we've a pretty significant rebalancing process to work through over the next several months. And quite frankly that cross dock system will come in somewhat handy to cost effectively rebalance the inventory. But, the challenge and then the opportunity, we believe, is kind of introducing a better ordering logic and inventory balancing market by market, which in theory I think should give us possibly some revenue growth opportunities as that process unfolds and we get into the later part of the year. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Okay. That's very helpful. I was also hoping you could comment on the Canadian operations acquired last year? And any plans to further expand the push into Canada? 
Joe Holsten:  Yes. We like the Canadian market. It feels a lot like the domestic U.S. market there. Alternate part utilization certainly is pretty consistent with what we see in North America and there are a couple of provinces where the APU is actually higher than the U.S. So, yes, the Canadian market continues to be of significant interest and when we do re-engage on a more active basis in the acquisition market, certainly Canada will be a high-profile market for us. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  Okay. Thanks. And then my last question pertains to the heavy duty truck business that you acquired. Are there any large players in that market already that you will be competing with? Or is it very fragmented just like as you entered into the auto parts market? 
Joe Holsten:  To the best of our knowledge it's a pretty fragmented market. 
Michael Cox – Piper Jaffray:  All right, Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Hi, guys. Scott Ciccarelli. How are you guys? A couple of questions. Joe, you had mentioned I think during the last conference call you had had at least a few customer defections when you combined with Keystone. And I'm sure that's just a natural part of the process. But now that you guys have kind of had them under your wing for a little bit longer, have you seen any more of that? Or conversely, have any of those customers started to come back once they see the whole operation and how it's currently operating? 
Joe Holsten:  Well a good question, and we are working through that as we speak. The defections that we saw I think really came from two general reasons. I mean I'm sure there are a lot more than two, but the two primary ones that I would identify would be first of all where we lost jobber business. And if there's any business you want to lose, that would probably be the best to lose. The bad news they tend to be pretty big accounts. The good news is that they are lower margin accounts. Some jobbers stopped doing business with us. Some objected to the Keystone labeling and boxing and that's understandable. They didn't want to take parts to their customers in a Keystone box. So, that resulted in some customer defections. The other I think broad area where we would have seen some account erosion during the first quarter would have been as a result of some of our changes in customer discounts as we merged the two businesses. So, we are currently working back to our customer list, identifying accounts and these are typically smaller accounts. But, I've always thought the small accounts are the bread and butter of this industry. That's the work you really want. And where we have seen ourselves lose market share with those, we are going back account by account, either driver rep BDR or an inside sales person to have one-on-one discussions with customers and just slugging through this account by account. In some cases maybe we got too aggressive in the changes in our discounts and we will try to negotiate a better position with the customer to become number one on their call list again. So, that's in process and, quite frankly, that will probably take most of the second quarter to work through that process. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. That's helpful. And now that you have Keystone again under the wing, is there any way to kind of reclassify your in-stock positions? Because that's always been kind of an Achilles heel for this industry; you just don't have the right inventory in the right spots. But obviously Keystone fills in a pretty big gap in your existing inventory availability. 
Joe Holsten:  Yes, exactly. And part of this reprogramming work we are doing and the ordering logic and so forth, getting the system to come up with, if you will, better definitions of fill rates as part of that reprogramming effort. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. And then the last question is can you talk a little bit more about the program where you are directly acquiring vehicles from the insurance carriers? Maybe just a few more details in terms of how the economics might differ on a vehicle by vehicle basis? Or are you focused on certain types of vehicles or concentrating in certain areas? Any other color might be helpful. 
Mark Spears:  Yes. Right now most of the programs we are doing, from the insurance companies anyway, what's been growing is these lower end cars. And it's cars the insurance companies pretty much take a bath on at the auctions. They may be $400 cars, for example, where our average wholesale car is like up there in the $1,700s or so. So to the extent we have wholesale yards and sell-through yards close together, we are taking those and the main market we have done that in is the Chicago market. And then Joe talked a little bit about that program earlier on the script. So, most of those cars are going to a retail-type yard but we are finding some cars that have some ability to sell the wholesale parts off of, as well, as part of that. We do have some other direct programs with some of the OEMs and those are different kind of cars. They weren't in wrecks. They had some type of lemon law problem or damaged in transportation and things like that. The only thing about that is to kind of keep in mind on the wholesale side, all of that is only about 4% of our volume. So it's not a big part yet, even though I think the lower end cars will be growing. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets:  Right. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Joe Holsten:  Thanks, Scott. I think we'll do one more question and then I think our time is up. 
Operator:  Our last question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Please proceed. 
Jeff – Raymond James:  This is actually Jeff calling in for Sam. Thanks a lot for taking my questions, guys. I just have two questions for you. Number one, I was hoping you could expand on a question earlier about how business progressed through the quarter. I understand seasonally your business is going to be stronger in February than it is in March and than as it is in April. But on a year-over-year growth basis, I was wondering if you could compare and contrast the monthly organic sales as the quarter progressed? 
Joe Holsten:  No, Jeff, I'll just say, I can't imagine that there was any material swing of same-store sales growth being materially different in January, February or March. 
Jeff – Raymond James:  Okay. Great. And then my other question was it looks like, based on what you put in the release, that your aftermarket business was up, maybe only somewhere around 4%, maybe right under 5%. And I was wondering if you had seen any slowdowns specifically on the aftermarket side? Or maybe my math is just wrong. But I was hoping you could help me there? 
Mark Spears:  You should keep in mind we combined – we put Keystone's revenue into Q1 and they had very little. We did have some acquisition revenue that we then pulled out. But if that's true and – I don't think your math is right. There is no way we could have done 9% and have all the aftermarket only is 4%. 
Jeff – Raymond James:  Okay. So maybe it was – 
Mark Spears:  Yes. I think you'll have to look at what you did. That can't be right. 
Jeff – Raymond James:  Okay. Well thanks a lot for taking my questions. Great quarter, guys. 
Joe Holsten:  Our pleasure. Thanks for calling in. We appreciate everybody's interest in the company and the quarter, and we look forward to talking to you in 90 days to give you an update on the second quarter results. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Holsten - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Spears - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Sam Darkatsh - Raymond James Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Market Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 LKQ Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Daniel and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Joseph Holsten, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Joseph Holsten - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Before we get started, I need to talk about forward-looking statements. The statements in this press release and webcast include forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are not currently known to us. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward looking statements as a result of various factors. These factors include the risk factors and other risks that are described in our Form 10-K filed February 28, 2007 and in other reports filed by us from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after date on which it was made, acceptance required by law. I also want to remind everyone that we declared a two-for-one stock split in December 2007. So all earnings per share amount and share count discussed today reflect the split. Okay good morning and thank you for joining LKQ Corporation's fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. On the call today are two members of management, Mark Spears and me. My name is Joe Holsten and I am the CEO of LKQ. I'll begin by providing some high-level overviews of our performance as well as some qualitative views on the business and our industry, and Mark will provide a more detailed assessment of our financial results. I will also update you on some of our integration work relative to the recent acquisition of Keystone. Today we are reporting a very good fourth quarter with respect to several things. First, we delivered excellent financial results for the quarter. We recorded $414.7 million in revenue for the quarter, which represents close to 103% total revenue growth over the fourth quarter of 2006. Our pre-Keystone businesses delivered a strong quarter as our organic revenue growth was just over 13%. This is the highest level of revenue we have ever achieved in a quarter and of course the acquisition of Keystone is the major contributor to the growth. Second, we continue to make excellent progress to leverage our infrastructure as we expanded our EBITDA margin by a 150 basis points. Our EBITDA margin was 12.2% for the quarter compared to 10.7% in the fourth quarter of 2006. And finally, our net income increased just over 111% to $21.5 million for the quarter and diluted earnings per share increased by close to 78% to $0.16 per share. As we've previously reported, the Keystone acquisition closed on October 12th, and their financial results are included in our financial report for the last two and one-half month of 2007. For the Keystone fiscal year ended March 30, 2007, as a reminder, Keystone reported sales of $714 million and net income of 30.3 million. So needless to say, with an acquisition of that size. Our primary focus in the fourth quarter was a consolidation of these two businesses. The first priority we completed in Q4 was the cross reference, literally thousands of part numbers and catalog prices, and developed a common catalog for the shop estimating systems showing the same part and prices. As Keystone and LKQ shared some common customers with different customer discounts for certain part sites, we had average and modified these discounts to what would be fair to both our customers as well as ourselves. This process was time consuming, required significant efforts by our field management, and while it is now substantially complete, discount levels will receive constant review both up and down on an ongoing basis as a key business process. We also prepared computer conversion programs that can put customer data out of LKQ's information systems and to prelude the Keystone ERP systems. Currently, we've converted 33 LKQ or Action locations, which now sell aftermarket parts to the prelude system. This includes the physical combination of nine warehouses and thirteen aftermarket selling locations, which have or will be closed. The remaining 11 converted locations will not be physically merged with Keystone locations. By the end of 2008, it is our plan to convert 56 locations to prelude, which includes physical combination of 25 warehouses and 14 aftermarket selling locations. You can take the selling location as a storefront with very nominal warehousing capacity. We're also reviewing currently volumes and capacities of roughly 70 bumper wheels and light refurbishing locations to determine the possibility of consolidating some locations in the future. As part of these consolidation efforts, we've also been standardizing our refurbishing processes to achieve consistent quality and increased volumes. While we have reduced corporate overhead as a result of merging corporate functions, there were certain functional areas where we had combined resources at Keystone and LKQ to strengthen the overall organization. These include risk management, human resources, organizational development and training, and government affair. We previously indicated that in 2008 the cost savings and efficiency excluding any restructuring cost to be between $15 and $20 million. Based on current estimates, we believe these cost savings will be much closer to the $20 million level in 2008. We also indicated the annual cost savings and efficiencies excluding any restructuring costs would be between $25 million and $35 million to be captured over the next several years. We now believe we will be much closer to the $35 million level and we believe our ongoing efforts may identify new synergies to add to this split. Moving onto some other acquisitions that we completed, you may recall that in first three quarters of 2007, we acquired eight businesses. These eight acquisitions consisted of five recycled parts businesses, Potomac German acquired in February and recycling business serving the professional repair market facilities in Frederick, Maryland and St. Augustine, Florida. Al's Atomic, a retail oriented recycling business with two facilities in Dallas, Texas acquired in March. Thruway a small recycling business acquired in April on 30 acres in Parryville, Pennsylvania. This facility is a startup for us to better serve the professional repair market in the greater Philadelphia area. Dominion Auto Recycling acquired in June located near Toronto, Canada, also serving the professional repair market, and in July we acquired (Pintendre) Autos a large recycled part business near Quebec City. This business primarily serves the professional repaired markets for not only automobiles but also the heavy truck and several types of light duty vehicles and operates on a property totaling approximately 125 acres. We also acquired two small aftermarket businesses, crash parts warehouse, a small aftermarket business in Birmingham, Alabama acquired in March. And in May we acquired some body parts and after market business located in Alexandria, Louisiana. And in January 2007, we entered the head and tail light refurbishing business through our acquisition of Northern Light. These eight businesses reported approximately $53 million in trailing annual revenue just prior our acquisition of them. We made three more small acquisitions in the fourth quarter, which included northwest recycling closed in November. Our retail oriented recycle parts business in Portland, Oregon. In December, we acquired a small recycle parts business near Birmingham, Alabama, an extremely small company. It is located in 35 acres of wholly permitted property. We plan to construct warehousing and make other improvements here in 2008 and ultimately relocate our large Birmingham recycle parts business under this property late in the year. Finally in December, we acquired a business located in California and Indiana. It specializes in buying only repair parts that can provide our recycle businesses, additional sellable products. These three businesses reported approximately $15.1 million, a trailing annual revenue just prior to our acquisition event. At LKQ, insurance relationships and programs have always been important to us and are even more so now with our investment in Keystone. We have three insurance carriers up one up one from the prior quarter in the Midwest that directly provide us low-end cars that will some supply parts to be sold into the professional repair market and the remainder of each car being placed into retail-oriented self served locations. These three programs are providing us about 250 cars per month, and there is another large carrier, it is expected entering the recycle program shortly. Our Right Choice Program with Advanced auto parts as revenues are continued to be annualizing in the $7 million range, separately Keystone also sells with them that are in the much lower volume. We have identified all advanced stores in close proximity to Keystone location and integrated them into the Right Choice program. At the end of Q4, LKQ operated approximately 265 daily transfer runs, and approximately 2400 local delivery routes. We acquired approximately 32,900 cars in our wholesale recycle business during the quarter which is 19% more than we acquired in Q4 of 2006. For the full year 2007, we acquired 126,000 such cars which is 13.1% more than the full year 2006. The percentage of vehicle we acquired from the salvage auctions during the full year of 2007 accounted for about 96% of our total incoming wholesale product growth. We continue to increase our sales staff levels for our recycle part business and we have done so by an average of 90% or 19.6% more in Q4 2007 compared to 2006. As we continue to invest and what we see to be the key to our business models, our sales and distribution system. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the quarter and look forward to 2008. The combination of LKQ and Keystones provides an attractive value proposition to a wider ray of customers and to the insurance industry that we serve with our network of nearly 300 facilities. We are in a unique position to leverage our inventory, the aftermarket collision replacement products, recycled OEM parts, and refurbished OEM products such as wheels, bumpers cover, and light, by having the ability to sell out of these combined inventories in response to customer request. In addition to providing an enhanced level of service to our customer, we believe the combination of LKQ and Keystone will result in improved levels of profitability as we capture the revenue and cost synergies integrating our operations. Furthermore, I would remind you that in particular given the current concerns about the US economy, I would point out that we believe our industry is generally not a cyclical business. At this point, I would like to ask Mark to provide more detailed discussion on the company’s financial results.
Mark Spears – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Joe and good morning everyone. Let's take a look at the tables in our press release. I know we’ve also included a table that reconciles net income to Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation, and Amortization otherwise known as EBIDTA. We also added supplementary data schedules related to our income statement that showed growth and margin percentages. Looking at our income statement and related tables, our fourth quarter 2007 revenue was up 102.8% to $414.7 million from $204.5 million in Q4 of 2006. Our revenue for the year grew 42.7% to over $1.1 billion compared with 789.4 million for the full year of 2006. Our organic revenue growth was 13.3% for the quarter and 12.4% for the full year of 2007. Our fourth quarter 2007 gross margin was 44.6% versus 44.8% in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year of 2007, our gross margin was 44.9% versus 45.3% in the same period in 2006. Our facility and warehouse expenses for Q4 grew $16.9 million or 72.5% over Q4 2006. The majority of this growth was from our 2007 business acquisitions and the full year impact of our 2006 business acquisitions which accounted for $15.6 million of the growth or 67% expense growth. Excluding the effects of business acquisitions costs increases in Q4 of 2007 over Q4 of 2006 were primarily related to labor and labor related costs. This related increased staffing needed to handle parts volume growth. For the full year of 2007, facility and warehouse expense as a percentage of revenue decreased to 10.3% from 10.9% in 2006. For the full year, facility and warehouse expenses grew $30.3 million or 35.1% over 2006. Business acquisitions represented 24 million of the growth or 27.8% expense growth. Our distribution expenses of Q4 grew $20 million or 100.3% over Q4 of 2006, of which $17 million or 85.3% expense growth was due to our business acquisition. Excluding the effects of business acquisitions, the fourth quarter of 2007 had increased distribution costs over fourth quarter of '06, primarily related to labor and labor related cost growth of approximately $1.2 million, and also had additional fuel cost of $1.1 million. For the full year of 2007, distribution expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 9.6% from 10.1% in 2006. For the full year of 2007, distribution expenses grew $28.1 million or 35.1% over 2006. Business acquisitions represented 20.3 million of the growth or 25.3% expense growth. Selling general and administrative expenses grew $27.9 million or 103.8% over Q4 '06, of which $26.9 million or 100.2% expense growth was due to our business acquisition. Excluding the affect of business acquisitions, the quarter's growth was primarily due to higher compensation and fringe cost. For the full year of 2007, SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenue improved to 12.5% from 12.9% for the same period in '06. For the full year, selling general and administrative expenses grew $38.7 million or 37.8% over 2006, of which $32.7 million or 32% expense growth was due to our business acquisitions. For the quarter, our EBIDTA grew 132.3% to $50.7 million. EBIDTA was 12.2% of revenue for the quarter compared to 10.7% in Q4 of 2006. For the full year of 2007 our EBIDTA was 12.6% of revenue versus 11.5% for the same period in 2006. Our operating income for Q4 of 2007 grew a 135.1% over Q4 of 2006 to $43.2 million. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 10.4% in the quarter compared to 9% in Q4 of 2006. We improved operating margins 140 basis points with Keystone in our results for 2.5 months in Q4 2007. An important point to remember however is the best margin for us for Keystone and the after market business for that matter in general is Q4 and Q1 with lower margins in Q2 and Q3. Keystone seasonal strength in this quarter allows little effect on our overall operating margin in Q4 2007. For the full year 2007, operating income improved to 10.9% of revenue compared to 9.8% for the same period in 2006. We had net interest expense in Q4 2007 for – of $9.9 million compared to net interest expense of $1.7 million in Q4 2006. This was related to higher debt levels from the acquisition debt incurred to acquire Keystone on October 12, 2007. Our Q4 2007 pre-tax income grew 98.7% to $33.7 million from 17 million in Q4 2006. For the full year 2007 pre-tax income increase 48.7% to a $108.3 million from 72.8 million for the same period in 2006. For Q4 2007, our effective tax rate was 36.1% compared to 39.9% in the same period of 2006. If you exclude certain non-taxable items and adjustments for provision for income taxes, our Q4 2007 effective tax rate would have been 39.6% compared to 39.9% in the same period of 2006. For the full year 2007 our effective tax rate was 39.1% compared to 39% in the same period of 2006. If you exclude certain non-taxable items in adjustment through the provision for income taxes, our effective tax rate for both the full year of ‘07 in the full year 2006 would have been in 40%. Net income for the quater increased 111.3% to $21.5 million from 10.2 million in Q4 2006. For the full year 2007 net income increased 48.4% to $65.9 million from 44.4 million in 2006. Our diluted earnings per share increased 77.8% to $0.16 in the quarter from $0.09 in Q4 ‘06. For the full year 2007 diluted earnings per share increased 37.5% to $0.55 from $0.40 of 2006. Our diluted weighted average common shares outstanding use for EPS purposes for as follows; Q4 2007 at a 148.8 million shares versus Q4 2006 to 112.3 million shares. Full year 2007 at a 119.9 million shares, versus full year 2006 at 111.6 shares. Let’s take a look at our cash flow table now. We generated 54.4 million in cash from operation during 2007, which included the effect of investing 35.1 million in additional inventory. CapEx in 2007 excluding business acquisitions was $38.4 million. Cash paid for business acquisitions in 2007 was $868 million which included 806.8 million for the Keystone acquisition. On September 25, 2007, we completed very successful a public offerings of 27.6 million share of common stock at a price for share of the public of $15.50. The offering included 23.6 million shares sold by LKQ and 4 million shares sold by selling stockholders. The shares sold by LKQ included 3.6 million shares sold pursuant to the exercise of the underwriter’s over allotment option. We received approximately $349.5 million in net proceeds from the sale of the shares by us in the offering, after deducting discounts and commissions and the estimated expenses of the offering. During 2007, we also issued stock related to the exercise the stock options the resulted in shares issued in dollar proceeds received that totaled 3.9 million shares for 31. .3 million in proceeds, which includes related tax effects. In addition we retired 200,000 shares of redeemable stock to $1.1 million related to a 2003 business acquisition. And looking at our 2007 balance sheet, you will note we had 658.5 million in debt that included 650.3 million under our unsecured credit facility. We also had 74.2 million in cash and equivalents as a result of our public offering completed the last week of September. Note that we obtained a senior secure debt financing facility on October 12 to fund a portion of the Keystone acquisition. As of February 26 2007, we had outstanding debt under our debt facility of approximately $650 million and cash and equivalents of around $45 million. On October 18, 2007 we filed a Form 8-K with the SEC that gives a summary of our new debt facility and includes a copy of that credit facility. Let's look at our 2008 financial estimates. We expect that 2008 organic revenue will grow by approximately 10% with the balance of the growth being the full-year impact of 2007 business acquisitions. Excluding the effect of any 2008 restructuring expenses, we may have related to the Keystone acquisitions, we expect full year 2008 net income to be within the range of a $102 million to $108 million and diluted earnings per share to be between $0.73 and $0.77. We anticipate the net cash provided by operating activities for 2008 will be over $85 million. We estimate our full year 2008 capital expenditures related to property and equipment excluding the expenditures of LKQ to acquire businesses will be between 65 million and $75 million. This includes about $10 million related to capital expenditures we’ve really planned for late 2007 on projects that were delayed into 2008, and approximately 4.8 million related to restructuring our after-market business as a result of the Keystone acquisition. We estimated the weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the full year 2008 will be approximately $140 million. These share numbers are estimates and will be affected by factors such as any future stock issuance, the number of our options exercises in subsequent periods, and changes in our stock price. I'd like to return back to Joe for any further comments and we'll open up for Q&A.
Joseph Holsten - President and Chief Executive Officer:  Daniel, I think we'll just go right to the questions please if you could open the system up please.
Operator:  Yes sir. (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from the line of Sam Darkatsh with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Sam Darkatsh:  Good morning Joe, good morning Mark.
Joseph Holsten: Good morning.
Mark Spears:  Good morning Sam.
Sam Darkatsh: A few questions here; first of there was a fair amount of snowfall in Q4 and here in the Q1. Could you see if you could at least directionally help us with how that helped the total business? I know October was a little soft heading into the quarter and what you’re seeing in the Q1 here, Joe/
Joseph Holsten: Yes, good point. Certainly the crash part business, I think, got a little wind in the sail in early to mid December from some early winter activity and selective market size certainly continued into the first quarter. If you look at the belt between the Oklahoma, and the Kansas market up through was constant and Illinois, we enjoyed very strong results. They’re certainly in part weather related. Other parts of the country have not been blessed quite as much. You know, Texas after a really good fourth quarter has been fairly dry so far, and in the first couple of months of this year, the Florida market and southeastern US remain in drought conditions and when you see the mid atlantic states and New England, just over the last couple of weeks that we started to see some favorable kind of weather impacts in those markets. So, kind of balanced we've certainly enjoyed some good benefits in a number of markets, but a substantial part of the country has not really participated in what we’ve seen here in the Midwest.
Sam Darkatsh: In Q1, so far in the first couple of months, would you characterize your organic sales growth pretty similar to what you saw in Q4?
Mark Spears: Alan, I would say may be not quite strong as 13%, but I would say we’re happy with what we are seeing so far.
Sam Darkatsh: Okay. Second question, Mark, what are you looking at in terms of expected restructuring P&L impacts in ‘08 and then the tax rate in ‘08, how we should be modeling for those two items?
Mark Spears: Yeah, let me take the last part first. You know, our tax rate will be around 40%, and that’s why I started to put in my script a little bit talking about, when you pulled out life insurance proceeds and the things we had this year, what the real effect of rate was, and that would be included with Keystone merge. As far as the restructuring expenses hitting P&L, that’s stop while we planned out, what that will be. To the extent, we let people go that are on Keystone books, purchase accounting part of that is going instead well to extend it drivers on LKQ drivers, it could hit the P&L. So at this point, it’s pretty hard for us to tell you what that split is, even though we’ve laid out head count numbers and things like that that we are looking at.
Sam Darkatsh: Something perhaps similar what we saw in Q4 for the next couple of quarters?
Mark Spears: Yeah, I mean, that’s pretty small. I think the after tax was like $230,000 and was the effect of restructuring. It gets more until we start negotiating and get out of certain leases that they will have to look out in that. (Inaudible) we are not too worried about whether; we explain what it is and where it hits for me on statement of the balance sheet.
Sam Darkatsh: In terms of Keystones, if you had owned it both last year and this year in Q4, what was the organic sales growth in Keystone in the quarter and what are you projecting for ‘08 versus your organic business?
Mark Spears: Yeah, I mean, as we are doing various things here and negotiating discount whatever, we’re not really going to be disclosing that. We’re going to looked out as a combined company here, so we are not going to dig out Keystone’s Q4 revenue. Keep in mind, we had about 2.5 months not the whole quarter, and also keep in mind in their prior quarters they didn’t really end at the last day of a quarter, it was always five dice system. So it’s a little hard for us to dig right that out anyway, and as we start moving business between each other, it’s going to be even harder. So we are not – its going to be disclosing that.
Sam Darkatsh: Let me rephrase the question. Keystone’s organic sales growth in Q3 as I recall was a little soft and there was some talk that there was some – the reason for that was because there were some discounting in the industry and you talked about that you have modified a lot of the discounts in the integration process, are you at least seeing a bit of a recovery in Keystone’s sales growth rates from what you saw in the summer and late fall at present and if you have seen a bit of a pickup, would you expect that to continue?
Mark Spears: I think while we saw is going in to December, we started to see some acceleration and it got continued at the end of the first quarter. But, I think, what it was so far this year is it -- these are naturally pretty strong sale seasons for the after market side of the business. So it’s really hard for us to kind of segregate how much of the improvement is coming from the kind of rationalization of some of the markets as opposed to what was happened ordinarily because of the seasonality.
Sam Darkatsh: Would you be disappointed that Keystone didn’t provide a 10% sort of -- or close to company average sort of organic growth rate, which would be disappointed if that didn’t happen?
Joseph Holsten: You know, our overall goal for 2008 is for roughly a 10% organic growth. So lets probably set our internal budgets and management’s bonuses and pay outs fully based on that. Just be clear that there will be some account losses, we’ve made a lot of changes and we’ve moved our price list around, it’s settled with customer discount or merging businesses, moving deliveries from one driver to new drivers. There is bound to be some modest amount of customer you know, I will just tell you, I think we are on it, and our field management very in tune to and in accordance with the revenue base and a revised focused on protecting the customer base and growing our market share of that customer base.
Sam Darkatsh: Your 10% guidance for organic sales growth excludes Keystone by definition, or wouldn’t it for the vast majority of 2008, because it's organic?
Mark Spears: No. No, it’s going to happen in 2008, as we mix businesses. We are not going to know, actually organic, and if we start giving businesses Keystone and vice versa, -- in that context we are really talking about over the combined company.
Sam Darkatsh: Got you. Last question and I will refer to others. The acquisition pipeline, I know you made a couple of small deals after the Keystone deal was consummated in October, would you expect that sort of cadence or would you expect to be a little more reserved or circumspect with acquisitions in 2008, while you integrate the two businesses?
Joseph Holsten:  I think it is fair to say, we will definitely say, focused on the Keystone acquisition, you know, the integration, I think last time I used the term, it would be actively on the sidelines and I think that’s still a fair characterization. During the quarter, we have submitted a couple of offers to acquire business, they were rejected. It is our intent to you know, what we charge it, we are going to negotiate, urge for and try to give what we think a fair price to our shareholders. We will be – I would say that next quarter or two we'll really be in a phase of evaluating alternatives to kind of set our priorities when we do fully reengage in the deal market.
Sam Darkatsh: Thank you, gentlemen.
Mark Spears: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed.
Scott Stember: Good morning.
Joseph Holsten:  Hi, Scott.
Mark Spears:  Good morning Scott.
Scott Stember: Could you disclose what Keystone sales were in the quarter?
Joseph Holsten: Yeah, I think again, we started merging businesses and moving accounts and revenue from LKQ operations within about 10 to 12 days after the close. So, unfortunately the revenue has been blended very quickly.
Mark Spears: Hey, going forward we are not going to be able to be breaking out Keystone versus the others. And keep in mind, we didn’t have all the whole fourth quarter, we had for two and half months. So that’s why we are not really getting into that disclosure.
Scott Stember: Fair enough. And just taking a high level look at the integration, I think some of things that you have to do yet, you guys touched on that already, but you had a stake where we are in a (9 inning) baseball game, how far we are with the integration and do you another look at your crystal ball as to when it would be done, just do that?
Joseph Holsten: I would say here in late February maybe we are in at kind of the third inning of that process. We talked about conversions on the prelude or well over 50% Dynamat, a lot of the heavy lifting remains to be done on the major warehouse consolidations. As we have said, we have 25 warehouses to be combined. We have done 9 so far and of those 9 that are completed as 6 or 7 of those were pretty easy consolidations. We would expect to have a warehouse consolidation completed by the end of the year. And the headcount area, to incorporate and I will call operating and non-operating positions with price band about a 125 people taken off the payrolls through the end of January, through the end of fiscal year '07 only a few route reductions have been achieved. So that scenario where significant work remains to be done is in the routing, you know, something we think we will achieve through attrition. Corporate cost those are in the bank, reducing the board positions, lowering director and officer insurance cost, lowering audit fees, the general public company cost of Keystone, those have all been eliminated. And a area where a lot of work has been done, but the financial results phase in differently over 2008 would include things like – we have been able to lower the liability and insurance premiums for the company be leveraging our purchasing power. Third-party freight carrier rates have been negotiated down. That would include ocean freight that will be phasing in fairly early in the year. We have been able to lower the administrative cost associated with administering our medical benefits plan. But we won't see those cost benefits until second quarter or the middle of the year; same thing with administration of the 401(k) Plan. Those costs have been identified to come down but we won't start seeing that just quite yet. We renegotiated lot of the costs of our products in the terms of obtaining volumes, discounts, and purchasing discounts. That really gets phased in as we turn the inventory at this point. Marketing costs have been reduced. Those are hitting pretty early in the year and then the reduction of some of the outside consultants being used by Keystone will start showing benefits here in the first of 2008. So it’s a pretty lengthy list of things and I would say third, third to fourth inning is probably a good characterization.
Scott Stember:  Okay. And you talked about some of the bumper remanufacturing capabilities and what you plan to do. Can you talk about Keystone's facility that they had opened up in Mexico and where that stands and what your plans are for that?
Joseph Holsten: Yeah, absolutely. The facility in Mexico, our plans initially were just to get the production up on that which we did. Our business plan for next year calls for about another 10% increase in volume. So, we should see the facility running over 300 bumper covers a day. The work that's being done on the bumper covers there, essentially all covers will probably be disposed off in the US. So, a lot of there productivity in terms of the bumpers per person or bumpers per person per day is lots than what we see in the US markets. The people are repairing bumpers that would be non cost effective in the US. I think probably the enhancements we've made there is that we've been able to leverage, I think the data points for LKQ, the recycled side of the business really understanding what product has actual demand and based on that we've been able to create a build list. We're doing all of our sorting in the US now linking the products to that build list to make sure that what goes Mexico we actually have demand for in the United States and accordingly we've seen the amount of actual scrap in Mexico come down to a pretty acceptable level. So that's the plan for 2008. We'll continue to focus heavily on the type of products that gets sent down there making sure that we will have strong demand for that product with good pricing in the US and to bring the production up by about 10%.
Scott Stember:  Okay. Just two quick last questions. Could you just comment on the auction activity? It appears that it was robust for you guys at least at auction. And also talk about Ford and the ITC where that stands right now?
Joseph Holsten: Sure, on the auction front, I would say that the fourth quarter of 2007 was relatively normal. I would not characterize it as being particularly strong or weak. As we moved into the first quarter, however, I would characterize the salvage pool environment as robust. We don't attend all of the auctions in the U.S. but we are certainly the best snapshot, you can get unless Copart opens up their data to you. We've had some weeks where we've seen 50,000 to 52,000 vehicles at the auctions and we've probably increased the number of auctions we attend compared to last year. But last year, a typically week may have been 44 or 45,000 vehicles per week. So there is a lot of products out there, at least right now and we're taking advantage of that to build our backlogs up. In the self service business the end-of-life vehicles -- the competition for those vehicles have accelerated throughout 2007. And that acceleration is continuing into 2008, given the pretty high scrap prices that we see. Regarding Ford ITC the appeals by both parties have been filed. There's a federal circuit court that's dedicated specifically to intellectual property claims. It's our view that they are going to delay reviewing these appeals until that court has reviewed another case which is known as the Egyptian goddess case. So, we don't think that it's likely that we'll see any decision from the federal court of appeals until very late this year, possibly even into 2009. Both sides are, we do continue some mediation discussions with people of Ford with the, while I don't see personally that the mediation discussions are going to result in something that will resolve our dispute with Ford regarding the design patterns. I have been encouraged that mediation discussions may service some business opportunities. We think we enjoy pretty strong relationships with a number of OE's and we would love to also be in that position with the Ford Motor Company. So I knew we had been encouraged but there are some very modest business opportunities there being surfaced as a result of those discussions. 
Mark Spears: Just wanting to follow-up on the procurement and (Inaudible) questions on it. Joe said Q4 wasn't really robust and I know the next question is, and then why did you buy 19% more cars year-over-year. You got to back to Q4 '06 and that was a quarter I think we actually bought 1% less cars in Q4 '06 then Q4 '05. So that’s kind of a more of a factor of what the environment was a year ago. And Q4 '06 and even Q1 '07 was a little weak for us in the purchasing as well as pricing.
Scott Stember: All right, that’s all I have. Thank you.
Joseph Holsten:  Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Market. Please proceed.
Tony Cristello:  Thank you. Good morning gentlemen.
Joseph Holsten: Hi, Tony.
Tony Cristello: I guess Joe, you only had a few months in and you've already adjusted cost savings to the higher end of your prior range. Can you comment maybe on some of the areas where you're finding even greater cost savings opportunities versus with what you've seen so far at Keystone? 
Joseph Holsten:  You know, you're talking about things other than what we just kind of went through and the cost lift.
Tony Cristello: Well certainly, I mean you had a prior guidance range of expectation and sounds like that’s been bumped up, and that there is certainly opportunity for more. And I'm just wondering is there anything in particular that you found, perhaps some wasteful spend areas at Keystone or maybe a different approach to spend on their business than you would have done that a forging opportunity for greater cost savings?
Joseph Holsten:  Well some of the areas that we've think so far, we've really hadn't counted on some of the consulting costs that we've identified. So those have been kind of upside items for us. Some of the expenditures in the marketing area have, were greater than what we had expected that’s been clear. I think in the administrative management of benefits healthcare for 1-K, those are other areas where the costs savings are surprising us a little bit on the upside. And quite frankly some of the head count moves that our team running the business have achieved, there coming in slightly stronger than maybe we had initially expected. And some other areas that -- yeah I think we will continue to look at because we are focused heavily on them and certainly in the bumpers and the wheel area. We believe we haven’t completed our assessments in these areas, but we think there is likely some additional benefits to the company that will come out of those areas over the next one to two years as we are able to dig a little deeper into those production facilities.
Tony Cristello: Do you think, you will continue with the cross-talking processes that Keystone have implemented?
Joseph Holsten: Yeah, it’s a good question. The first observation you will make is our view first of all during the first quarter, when it is kind of you know, otherwise swinging their elbows to try to service the customer when things are pretty busy, it is not a great time to settle with your distribution systems. So, we left this distribution system kind of untouched here and we will focus little bit more on that when the peak business activity falls off a little bit. But since we closed on the deal, we have been reviewing the positives and negative aspects of the cross-talks and it is pretty difficult to apply one set of rules, if you will to review the viability of those. We think we have a cost pretty well isolated and understand those. Its benefits that may not be quite so obvious and those benefits can be cut the measures, such as refill rates or inventory return and the avoidance of relocating entire facilities to larger warehouses. For our 2008 plan is that we expect to be able to improve the leverage from the existing cross-talk structure by putting the same or more volumes through that investment with really very nominal increases in cost. Our plans for 2008 do not specifically imposing any cross-talks, our plans do not include opening up any new ones either nor do we are spending any effort accepting the opening the new cross-talks. One thing we will do definitely in 2008 is we will go more containers direct to the major warehouses and circumvent sending as much product through the cross-talks. We estimated perhaps 10% of the volumes is going through the cross-talks today, perhaps that can be moved to container direct by taking advantage of our Taiwan trading company and avoiding the double handling.
Tony Cristello: And that should serve, wish you of a more evaluation process and then will see some potential changes in 2009 with respect to that?
Joseph Holsten: I think it has a fair assessment Tony.
Tony Cristello: Okay. And another question was very different compensation structure in place for Keystone sales force versus what you had in place for LKQ?
Joseph Holsten: Yes, number of the inside Keystone service center people are generally hourly paid people, where as I think 100% of the LKQ in action sales people are commission based. To the contrary the driver reps on historically in Keystone are compensated kind of a combination of a base pay plus a fairly modest commission, where as the LKQ drivers are virtually all straight hourly paid people.
Tony Cristello: And are you in a process of converting everyone too, is that part of the sort of plan to have one of the same page at some point?
Joseph Holsten: While, what we have done is to make, as the work gets shifted from one business activity to other business activity, it’s our plan to kind of re-cut the commission levels. So people who are doing more work are going to get paid slightly more for it. But the people who are getting kind of windfall of additional revenue to manage don’t necessarily get a windfall in their pay. 
Tony Cristello: Okay.
Joseph Holsten:  We are seeking kind of share of that between our shareholders and the employees.
Tony Cristello: Okay. And just two quick ones and I let someone take over. Facility and warehouse on a margin basis saw a big improvement this quarter. Mark is that something we should think is sustainable going forward and the second question would be you made small acquisition with respect to company that specializes in buying OE repair parts. Can you maybe give a little bit more explanation on that and how you intend to grow that business?
Mark Spears: Yes about facilitating warehouse and that's why I added a little point in my script. You got to be a little careful just baking in margin improvement for us when we didn’t have Keystone, and how we ended up with Keystone, when that’s one of your stronger Keystone quarters, Q4. So we will continue to get margin improvement, but it was kind of drastic. And as you know, just asked by ourselves in some of the slower quarters, we don't get quite the same kind of margin improvement. So, if that extra volume is coming through your given footprint and that's not a quarter that really hurt us from their margins have been lower than us, but in that period they are not. So kind of watch that when you kind of model out. As far as to the company, we bought -- that's a small company and the company was able to go out and get some bulk buys of certain types of OE products. And they can had an expertise of getting it and that we are selling and I will bring that expertise of getting it and we want to be the guys, who sale for the most part. It was more of a supply type arrangement.
Tony Cristello: Okay, great. Thank you guys. 
Mark Spears: Thanks Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Scott Ciccarelli: Hi guys, it’s Scott Ciccarelli. How are you?
Mark Spears: Good.
Scott Ciccarelli: Good. Couple of questions, first of all can you guys give any kind of description, I know it's still early, but you know what kind of impact improved in stock rates or having with customers. I know, there is obvious cost synergies here, but can you give us a description on what's going on the improved in stock rates?
Joseph Holsten: Yeah that’s really a tough to answer at this point. We are moving products from one warehouse to another. We are increasing the number of SKUs that we hold in most warehouses and particularly we are introducing a value line specifically into the Keystone operations that's a new product present to sale which we hope, we will help them achieve their top line growth goals for the year and finally the methodology historically used in Keystone to measure in stock, we don't think is really probably the most meaningful measurement, so we are redeveloping the measurement tools to be used to evaluate in-stock levels.
Scott Ciccarelli: Okay. It sound like, it is still early.
Mark Spears.: It was so in the quarter, it is busy anyway. So that's not the best quarter, you want in a snapshot measure your fill rate anyway.
Scott Ciccarelli: Alright that's fair. Now that the push back that you had from customers, where you had customers kind of turned away from you guys, was it pricing or were there other facets. They don't want to be so tied to the combined company. Is there anything else that may have impacted those relationships there? 
Mark Spears: Yeah, I hope I didn’t kind of over state that as an issue or a concern. But we have noticed for the last two years frequently when we acquired businesses, revenue growth can go sideways or get stalled. And a lot of that where businesses acquired brokered, like in the recycled business, a lots of sales, other yards, or the ability to broker parts from other yards frequently comes to a halt or at least temporarily stalled, when we have acquired businesses. So this is really something we have been kind of working through for several years now. What is the sort of situations, we may see here would be where there are jobbers who were acquiring parts from Keystone or LKQ and they have made a decision now that they would prefer to buy from someone other than our company or may be even try to go container direct. Keystone did have a fairly modest business, where they were selling after market parts to other retail recyclers' traditional competitors of LKQ, a very small piece of business, but a lot of those recyclers they don't want to do business with parts and they'll seek out other suppliers and that's fine with us. Really, may be the other thing that we witnessed on some occasion is that a lot of the professional repair shops will want to use two top suppliers and prior to the acquisition, Keystone may have been the top supplier and LKQ was a backup supplier. Now, that we've put the businesses together some of those shops are looking for a new second supplier. In theory, if we have our inventory working right and delivery systems working well, we should not suffer really much or any revenue loss associated with that. Concerned with the pushback from what we have done with our price list or discounts, I would say that's been a very negligible issue for us. We will be starting a process to scale over the next couple of weeks, where we'll be kind of going back to the full process the second time reviewing activity on an account-by-account basis and making a determination whether or not we need to make further adjustments. I think we're on.
Scott Ciccarelli: Alright. That's helpful. And, then just one last quick question? It sounds like you guys still have more expense reductions kind of in the back pocket that's going to be implemented during the course of '08. Are there are any big incremental costs outside of restructuring that you may still need to incur?
Mark Spears: You mean in terms of capital?
Scott Ciccarelli: Yeah.
Mark Spears: Well, we did put in that we are going to spend all 4.8 million at extra CapEx, because of merging businesses together. We are going to have some talk and they're in our cash flow outlook numbers kind of mixed in there. We're going to have cost to get us some leases. We're talking about merging 25 warehouses. We're going to have to, you know, some of them may be almost up. So, we just finished paying rent for a little while and that's going to be those kinds of restructuring costs. If it's an LKQ lease it's going to go to P&L. If it's Keystone and if there is goodwill on the purchase accounting. So, we're going to have that, but that is built on our cash flows.
Scott Ciccarelli: Okay. And, I'm assuming the same on IT, as you roll out systems et cetera.
Mark Spears: Yes. I mean, that's in our numbers. I mean, we did detail budgets for 2008, for them and us combined, so that would be include in our numbers. But I can't think of anything that's big enough that would come out of the ordinary that would mess us up on the cost side.
Scott Ciccarelli: Okay. That's what I was trying to get to. Alright, thanks a lot guys.
Joseph Holsten: Okay. We've run over a little bit. I think we would take one more question and then call it a call.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates. Please proceed.
Bill Armstrong: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. I just have two housekeeping questions really for Mark. For '08, what's your best estimate for depreciation and for interest expense?
Joseph Holsten: We haven't put those out. I mean, you know our bank loan is LIBOR plus 225 and you kind of see what that is looking at up. You know, we're looking at some potential interest rate swaps here. You can probably find all that information, that's kind of open information out in the market. I don't want to put out a depreciation guidance, right now. We don't really put our guidance to that level.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. And then in terms of working capital, you just sort of back the envelop looks like you're working approval will be a net use of cash by may be 40 million or something thereabouts.
Mark Spears: Well, we said cash flow from operations would be at or above $85 million positive.
Bill Armstrong: Right. So, when you think your net income and depreciation as that is which is well above the 85 million, I would imply that working capital being use of cash. So, will you be basically increasing inventories on a per location basis?
Mark Spears: That's seasonal. We had actually done that. Our inventory went up quite a bit in Q4 from sellers and aftermarket, because we hit that in Q1 side of the business. To say, we're going to be increasing inventories from December to December '08. Yes, as we grow we put that in there, but not any faster than our revenue growth.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. So, pretty much just growing inline with revenue.
Mark Spears: Yes.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. Alright, thanks. That's all I had.
Mark Spears: Okay.
Joseph Holsten: Alright. I would like to thank everyone for calling in. I apologize, we've run over here. I know there's a lot of earnings releases going on today, since you all have pretty busy scheduled. So I look forward to talking to you in about 60 days to update you on the first quarter of '08.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.
