===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Alliant Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, investor relations manager at Alliant Energy Corporation.
Susan Gille: I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Lisa Barton, President and CEO, and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy Corporation's first quarter financial results and reaffirmed our 2025 earnings guidance range. We also updated our capital expenditure and financing plans for years 2025 through 2028. This release, as well as the earnings presentation, will be referenced during today's call and are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy Corporation's news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2025 is off to a strong start, and I'm pleased to share meaningful progress supporting both our near-term and long-term objectives. Clear evidence of the strength, resilience, and adaptability of our strategy and business model. Our first quarter results delivered more than 25% of our earnings guidance midpoint, and we are positioned to achieve our 2025 earnings objective while advancing our key strategic priorities, positioning us well for the year. Our commitment to our customers, communities, investors, and employees remains at the heart of everything we do. As I've mentioned in previous calls, we are relentlessly focused on supporting economic development and growth in our states. And today, I'm pleased to provide meaningful and exciting updates supporting our development milestones, first quarter achievements, and share details on our updated capital expenditure plans as we advance our growth strategy. I will then turn the call over to Robert to provide additional details related to our quarterly financial performance, risk management efforts, as well as our updated financing plans and regulatory matters. Achieving scalable growth in today's complex environment is akin to solving a Rubik's Cube. It demands precision, agility, and a clear understanding of how every move influences the bigger picture. We are simultaneously solving all sides of our own Rubik's Cube, addressing customer needs, supporting economic development and growth in our states, collaborating with key stakeholders, and delivering sustainable investor returns. Let me recap our investment growth timeline over the past six months. In November, we announced two energy supply agreements with data center companies locating in the Big Cedar Industrial Center, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, adding an initial 1.1 gigawatts of data center demand for what we refer to as the first phase at Big Cedar. The corresponding capital plans released last November represented a 20% increase from the prior year and included the additional capacity resources needed to serve the first phase at Big Cedar and to adapt to MISO accreditation changes. We have continued our strong momentum in support of our economic development efforts this quarter by solidifying the resources needed for a second phase for one of our data center customers at Big Cedar, which is an additional 800 megawatts of demand. Executing a new energy supply agreement with a data center customer in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, and reaching an agreement with one of our Iowa data center customers to use existing capacity to serve them earlier, increasing our forecasted peak load in '26 and '27. The Alliant Energy Corporation Advantage is our commitment to help grow the economies of Iowa and Wisconsin and meet the needs of our customers by being as creative and adaptive as possible to align with their desired timeline. To summarize our recent success on this front, we now have three major data center developments with fully executed ESAs totaling 2.1 gigawatts of demand, which represents a greater than 30% increase in our peak demand. We're accelerating our load ramp for one of the two data centers at Big Cedar using existing resources. We're pursuing additional growth opportunities, positioning ourselves and our states for meaningful and sustainable long-term growth. On slide four, we provide our updated demand projections used to develop our capital expenditure plan. If actual demand exceeds the current estimated demand in our plan, or if we sign additional energy supply agreements, we would serve any incremental load through a combination of existing or new resources, short-term market purchases, and/or load response. To help investors and stakeholders navigate the complexity of growth announcements, we focus our reporting exclusively on customer loads supported by fully executed electric service agreements backed by substantial customer commitments to ensure our growth is highly credible and sustained. These advancements in economic developments and growth have led to our CapEx update reflecting a nearly 26% increase from where we were eighteen months ago, as shown on slide five. This translates into a 2024 to 2028 forecasted investment CAGR of nearly 11%, with significant energy resource investment extending beyond 2028, as profiled on slide six. In aggregate, our four-year CapEx plan for 2025 through 2028 increased by approximately $600 million from our November 2024 update. The updated resource plan behind the CapEx plan strikes the right balance in optimizing existing resources and extending value at existing sites, supporting reliability, and affordability. Utilizing short-term capacity agreements and load response to accelerate economic development and adding new generation to grow alongside our customers in a responsible manner, allowing us to confidently scale new energy resources. Our efforts to drive community development and enhance our growth trajectory encompass data centers as well as current prospective commercial and industrial customers. I am pleased to report that there continues to be strong interest in locating and growing in our service areas, both in Iowa and Wisconsin. Through disciplined planning and proactive execution, we have positioned our company, customers, and investors for success in an uncertain macroeconomic environment. The capital plan update reflects proactive planning and flexibility, allowing us to lean into new natural gas investments, invest in our existing generation and distribution systems to support resiliency, reliability, and reduce risks in the face of policy uncertainty. New natural gas resources provide reliable and dispatchable capacity resources that complement our robust renewable fleet. Investments in our existing generation resources, such as our advanced gas projects in WPL, and WPL's extension of the use of Edgewater and Columbia generating stations until the end of the decade, provide the additional reliability to meet growing demand and are responsive to the evolving MISO resource adequacy requirements. Lastly, extending the timing of some of our renewable and battery investments allows us to reduce risks related to tariff and tax policy uncertainty while also lengthening our capital expenditure plan into the future, strengthening our position to deliver financial consistency over the long term. With the energy supply agreements executed for our three data center customers, our attention is now focused on obtaining regulatory approval of the individual customer rates or ICRs. The IUC is currently reviewing an IR ICR contract filed earlier in the year for one of our data center customers in Iowa. The second Iowa ITR contract will be filed this quarter, reflecting an accelerated load ramp. In late last month, we filed an ICR for the Beaver Dam Data Center in Wisconsin. As we've highlighted in previous calls, we are committed to ensuring all ICRs achieve a win-win-win for existing customers, for new customers, and our shareholders, which will be demonstrated in these confidential filings. New data center loads are expected to boost energy sales. This increase in sales will help distribute fixed costs and transmission expenses across a larger customer base, contributing to more stable and manageable rates for the customers we have the privilege to serve. Alliant Energy Corporation operates in business-friendly states that are well-positioned for regional growth and economic development, and we are proud to partner with our communities to turn growth potential into real long-term impacts. Our collaborative partnership with regulators, policymakers, and local communities enables us to deliver successful outcomes. I'm proud of our team's proactive and impactful engagement, which serves as the cornerstone of our success, delivering meaningful outcomes and greater value for all our stakeholders. Alliant Energy Corporation is here to support not only the customers we currently serve but also to ensure we are supporting the needs of future customers and enabling community growth across our service territory. Before I turn the call over to Robert, I would like to tackle head-on questions regarding our strategy in the event the Inflation Reduction Act or IRA is repealed, or if tax credits are scaled back. Renewable generation and energy storage tax credits have fueled economic growth and onshoring. Eliminating the tax credits would unfortunately and unnecessarily increase costs for customers. Our delegations understand how valuable tax credits and transferability are to Alliant Energy Corporation and our customers, and we believe they will advocate for a balanced, careful approach to any legislative changes. Iowa's wind resources are among the best in the nation, and our customers are benefiting from those investments. We will continue to take an all-of-the-above approach in new generation resources, which includes a mix of wind, batteries, and natural gas to ensure we maintain a balanced and diverse energy resource mix. Active management of our CapEx and resource plans means we have taken the prudent and proactive approach of safe harboring wind and energy storage projects. As a result, 100% of the renewable and energy storage CapEx in our plan is currently safe harbored through 2028. And as we continue to execute our strategy, we'll continue to proactively de-risk our strategy and remain well-positioned to quickly adapt to a dynamic environment. In closing, I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to our dedicated team of employees for their unwavering commitment to our purpose of serving customers and building stronger communities. Your hard work and dedication are the backbone of our operational success and the driving force behind our strategic progress. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2025 earnings of $0.83 per share compared to $0.62 per share in the first quarter of 2024. Our earnings are ahead of plan despite the negative temperature impact on electric and gas sales in the first quarter of 2025. Our quarter-over-quarter variances were mainly driven by higher revenue requirements from capital investments at both IPL and WPL, temperature impacts on retail electric and gas sales, and the timing of income tax expense, which will reverse later this year. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation and financing expenses. Temperatures were warmer than normal in the first quarter of 2025, resulting in decreased electric and gas margins of 3¢ per share. In comparison, the winter temperatures in the first quarter of 2024 were some of the warmest on record, which decreased our electric and gas margins by approximately 8¢ per share. Excluding the impacts of mild temperatures, the margins from our retail electric sales were higher than the first quarter of 2024 due to growth in the number of customers and increased use per meter across all retail customer classes at our Wisconsin utility. To assist you in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, I want to provide some additional context to the variance driver related to the timing of income tax expense. Income tax expense is recorded each quarter based on an estimated annual effective tax rate and the proportion of full-year earnings generated each quarter. As shown on slide nine of our supplemental slides, this causes fluctuations in the amount of tax expenses quarter over quarter, but it will not have an impact on the full-year earnings. With a solid first quarter behind us, we are reaffirming our 2025 earnings guidance range of $3.15 to $3.25 per share. Our ability to consistently deliver solid financial results is supported by our efforts to provide customer value, including extending the value of existing resources, making smart investments, and controlling operating costs, all while receiving constructive regulatory outcomes. I'm proud to share how our employees are continuing their steadfast focus on creating value for our customers while managing risk. The following are some recent examples of their success. Reiterating what Lisa shared, we have completed nearly all of our planned safe harbor activities with the intention of preserving the qualification of tax credits for future energy storage and renewable projects expected to be placed into service through 2028. Our team has done a great job mitigating tariff exposure for our customers, with minimal exposure to the batteries in our updated capital plan, as the batteries are either in our possession or in transit, and the batteries in transit are expected to be subject to only a 20% tariff. We estimate our total tariff exposure is approximately 1% to 2% of our $11.5 billion updated capital expenditure plan, prior to further mitigation by our team. Our team also successfully sold existing capacity length available at both our utilities into the recent MISO capacity auction, resulting in meaningful benefits for our customers. And lastly, we are utilizing our individual customer rate construct in both states, which allows us to capture growth from economic development activities occurring within our service territory, which will in turn absorb a portion of our fixed costs, helping mitigate costs for all customers in the future. Turning to financings. In conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plans, we have updated our 2025 through 2028 financing plans. The anticipated financing sources for our $11.5 billion capital expenditure plan are included on slide 10. Cash from operations and anticipated proceeds from tax credit monetization make up almost 50% of our financing plan. New debt financing, net of maturities, accounts for approximately 40%, while new common equity issuances account for approximately 12% of the total funding sources for the updated plan. We plan to launch an at-the-market or ATM program this year and continue our share of direct plan, both of which support the new common equity issuances assumed in our plan. While our updated financing plans assume raising the new common equity ratably in 2026 through 2028, we believe the ATM provides us flexibility on the timing. We continue to monitor and assess market conditions. With this updated financing plan, we are committed to maintaining our current investment-grade credit ratings. Tax credit monetization through transferability continues to provide benefits by reducing customer costs and providing an alternative source of financing for a portion of our capital expenditure plans. Along with the rest of the utility industry, we continue to monitor developments with different legislative proposals and advocate for legislative provisions that would be beneficial for our customers. We are also taking prudent actions to protect the right to transfer tax credits. Through our safe harboring activities, we have disclosed the success of these activities on slide 10 of our supplemental slides, which shows a substantial portion of the tax credits included in our updated financing plan through 2028 are from projects either already in service or safe harbored prior to 2025. We also have optionality with alternative financing sources if transferability is modified under future legislation. Alternatives include incremental financing with a balanced mix of debt and equity, as well as utilizing hybrid instruments. We would also evaluate aligning the timing of customer bill credits with expected utilization of credits from future projects, as well as the potential use of tax equity arrangements if beneficial for our customers. Specific to our 2025 debt financing plans, during the first quarter, we extended the Alliant Energy Corporation Finance variable rate term loan agreement until 2026. The remaining debt financings are shown on slide 11 and include estimated issuances at Alliant Energy Corporation Finance or the parent and our two utilities. For all three segments, we've increased our financing needs, primarily to fund the increased 2025 investments and our updated capital plans, and to increase financing flexibility in anticipation of upcoming maturities in early 2026. At our Iowa utilities, some of the issuance will be used to refinance $300 million of debt maturing in the third quarter of this year. Finally, I'll highlight our regulatory initiatives that have been filed as well as those regulatory filings we plan to initiate later this year. Starting in Wisconsin, WPL recently received approval from the PSCW for two customer-focused investments in our updated capital plan, including the Riverside enhancement project to support reliability and resiliency for Wisconsin, and the Bentree wind refurbishment project expected to extend tax credits for the benefit of our customers. Turning to our regulatory proceedings currently in process. WPL recently filed an electric and gas rate review for test years 2026 and 2027. The filing includes recovery of several investments that support reliability and resiliency while keeping customer value and competitive rates top of mind. These investments include cost-effectively advancing responsible energy solutions, including solar and wind refurbishment projects, which provide zero fuel cost energy and tax benefits, as well as investing in new energy storage resources, and capacity and efficiency upgrades for existing natural gas generation to provide additional energy resources to meet growing customer demand. Finally, it includes recovery of our planned continued investments in electric and gas distribution to support reliability and safety for our customers. Next steps in the rate review process include a discovery phase and audit by the PSCW staff and intervenors over the next few months, with the hearing anticipated in early fall, and a final decision expected from the PSCW later this year. More details on the rate review, including key terms requested in this filing, can be found on slide 12. WPL also recently requested approval of an individual customer rate for the data center planned to be built in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. And lastly, WPL has four active dockets in progress before the PSCW, involving requests for certificates of authority for customer-focused investments. We also have four active filings in progress before the Iowa Utilities Commission, including a request for an individual customer rate for one of the new data centers in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, a request for approximately 225 megawatts of battery storage to be located at the retired Lansing coal generation site and next to the Golden Plains Wind Generating Station, and a request for an approximate 100 megawatt Cedar River Natural Gas Generating Station, which will be located next to the existing site of the Prairie Creek Generation Station. Expected timing of decisions from the PSCW and Iowa Utilities Commission on these pending dockets is provided on slide 13. Finally, in conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plan, we also expect to make additional regulatory filings later this year in both Iowa and Wisconsin for renewables and dispatchable resources to enhance reliability, further diversify our energy resources, and meet growing customer energy demand. We thank you for your continued support and look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions for members of the investment community. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. Should you wish to decline from the polling process, please press star followed by the number two. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure to lift your handset before pressing any keys. Your first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please ask your question.
Robert Durian: Hey, guys. Good morning. It's actually James on for Shah. Morning. Starting off, think, with slide four, is there a general timeline you could share for converting mature opportunities to contracts? And then secondly, could you just put maybe, like, a finer point on the breakdown of how you could serve those mature opportunities between existing and new generation? Know? Like, what's the headroom left on your system? Thanks.
Lisa Barton: Yeah. Thank you for the question. So how we have been talking about all of our economic development opportunities is that once we have signed ESAs, we're putting that information out there. In terms of what we do not yet have signed ESAs for, those are ones that we have a fairly high confidence level. We have had a number of discussions and negotiations with those folks. So we have a high level of confidence, and that's why we're sharing that. However, we are making that differentiation between those that have executed ESAs and those that don't. One of the things that we've certainly shared in the past, we have length. We have near-term length, and we're using that to be able to accelerate a load growth in our territory. That's what we're doing with one of the customers in the Big Cedar facility. And we have had interest in others as well. So we're very bullish on that. But as you know, it's gonna be in all of the above solution. We have short-term PPAs in the plan. We'll have new developments. We'll constantly look at evaluating our existing generation in the portfolio that we currently have and looking to see if there are to get more capacity out of the existing facilities that we have.
Robert Durian: Okay. Perfect. And then just on the tax side, I know you had a clause in the Iowa stay out. That you could go back in if policy changed significantly. Does the safe harboring work you guys laid out today mean that that's off the table right now? Thanks. Yeah. Great question, James. Yeah. As we think for those that may not be familiar, as we entered into the rate settlement last year that provides the rate moratorium for the next five years. We did have a provision within it that allowed us to go back in for a rate case if for some reason there was any changes to any major legislation. With that said, we're really focused right now on activities to avoid the need to go back in. We're advocating for kind of provisions within the legislation that would be beneficial to our customers. As we noted, we're making great progress with the safe harbor activities. And lastly, we're really trying to accelerate the load growth we see with some of our data center customers and other customers that would help prevent the need to do that. So our focus right now is regardless of the outcome of the legislation, is to really position us to be able to meet all of our stakeholder expectations, including shares without the need to go back in. Excellent.
Lisa Barton: We do have a number of batteries that are in the plan for next year, and we're very well positioned with those batteries.
Robert Durian: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Please ask your question.
Lisa Barton: Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions, and thanks for all the updates. I just wanted to ask. You guys gave a lot of good disclosure. Rate base is moving higher. You're adding a little bit of equity. Do you still see this as a five to 7% long-term EPS CAGR? And any kind of comments on how you're trending in that plan now?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Great question, Nick. Yeah. Kind of right now, we continue on our long track record of consistent and predictable growth. Really, we're focused on enhancing the sustainability and longevity of those growth rates. Think of this as we're focused on cascading the growth over time really to strengthen and lengthen that growth rate. This quarter updates really demonstrate that with the increase of the investment CAGR up to 11% while we're still retaining the ability to grow beyond in-house CapEx plan through 2028. So I think we're really set up well for strong load growth and investments with elevated CapEx starting in that 2027 time frame. So really, I think I'd be disappointed if we're not towards the top end of our stated currently stated growth rate starting in 2027.
Lisa Barton: Nick, one of the things that I just want to highlight, and I talked about it briefly in the script is what we see is the Alliant Energy Corporation Advantage. We are actively focused on building cascading waves of growth. We see ourselves as the backbone of our communities, and we are committed to fueling their success and allowing our communities to reach their economic development aspirations. So we remain focused on growing at the pace of our customers. We have the regulatory constructs that we need in both jurisdictions to do that. Both with the one in Iowa, with the way that is set up as well as the cadence that we have in Wisconsin. It really allows us to grow at the pace of our customers. Also, the fact that we don't have litigated resource planning processes, they're highly flexible. We can go in at any time to our states. That is a huge differentiator, I believe, between us and a lot of other entities out there. We also have that robust length in our queue positions as well as near-term length, which allows us to accelerate just as we have in our Big Cedar facility in Iowa. So wrapping a bow around that, that's the Alliant Energy Corporation advantage that we are focusing on over the long term.
Nicholas Campanella: Yeah. I really appreciate all comments. That was helpful.
Operator: And then just one quick one on the transferability and tax commentary. I know you kinda talked about you know, you'd use a mix of debt equity hybrids, you could go look at using traditional tax equity. You know, maybe just if you lost a dollar of transferability, like, how much equity do you think you'd actually have to do?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Nick, this is Robert. So, yeah, it's dependent upon the terms within any proposed legislation. I'd say we're cautiously optimistic as we've heard different versions of potential legislative provisions that there's probably going to be some type of phase-out is how we would characterize it. And so as we think about our plan, we feel really well protected for the next few years thanks to our safe harbor activities. As I indicated in some of my prepared remarks, if you look at the amount of tax credits that we plan to monetize in the next four years, a significant majority, better than 95% of it comes from projects that are already in service or projects that we safe harbor prior to 2025. And with that, we wouldn't expect to need much additional financing over the next four years. But if we were to need some additional financing, I would say that we would continue down our path of maintaining a really strong balance sheet. Think of that as somewhere between probably 40-50% of any new financing needs would come in the form of equity to maintain that strong balance sheet.
Lisa Barton: One thing I'll draw your attention to as well yeah. Hi. Lisa here. Just wanna draw your attention to the May letter that was put out by 12 house Republicans. And basically, in that letter that was issued yesterday, it was strongly supporting the IRA and its provisions. And I will note there was very strong support from our Iowa delegation there as well.
Nicholas Campanella: Certainly noted. Thank you for that. And, just on the comments on the balance sheet, just, I guess, you kind of highlighted 13% to 14% of S and P 14% to 15% at Moody's. Kind of where do you kinda see yourself today against those metrics?
Robert Durian: We're in a great position right now, Nick, for 2025 for both of those towards the upper end of the S and P and squarely kind of in the middle of the Moody's range right now.
Nicholas Campanella: Thank you. Have a good one. We'll see you at AGI.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Fremont from Ladenburg. Please ask your question.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much, and congratulations on a really great quarter.
Lisa Barton: Thanks, Doug. Does the ICR structure provide you with an opportunity to provide a similar type of stay out in Wisconsin as you've achieved in Iowa?
Robert Durian: Yeah. I would have characterized our WPL kind of regulatory construct is they ask us to come in every two years for a rates case. It doesn't mean you have to ask for an increase. So when you do that, and so we're really working on trying to grow low, trying to reduce cost, so that if we were to come in every two years, like I said, we would try and minimize the customer cost impact. So I think you get a similar result. We continue to grow the business and the sales and try and reduce cost. You could still achieve what we call base rates being flat for the next five years, similar to what we are targeting in Iowa.
Paul Fremont: Right. And then in terms of your equity needs, would you consider using junior subordinated debt as in order to meet your equity requirement?
Robert Durian: Yeah. We're taking kind of all different options into consideration. The great thing about our financing plan is we have a lot of flexibility. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, we are launching an ATM program here in the near future. That'll provide us some flexibility as to the timing of any equity issuance. And we also have flexibility when it comes to hybrids as we consider all different types of options. The future. I feel like we're really set up well for that. And so, yeah, junior subordinates are in the discussion. We haven't made any commitments at this point, and continue to provide more updates throughout the year as to kind of our thinking on that in the future.
Paul Fremont: And then you sort of in your regulatory discussion, talk about filings in Iowa and Wisconsin for additional generation resources. Can you give a sense in terms of in megawatts, how much in each of those states you're looking to add?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Paul, I'd point you to this. There's a slide within our supplemental slides that lays out what would be considered our new resource plan when it comes to natural gas, batteries, and wind. You can get a sense of the magnitude of the volume of each one of those different categories. The stuff towards the kind of earlier years of our plan, expect us to be filing here in the near future. The later part of the plan would probably be maybe a couple years down the road. We haven't identified specific megawatts, but that should give you some indication of the volumes that we're interested.
Paul Fremont: And then last question for me, the enhancement at Riverside, what exactly does that entail?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Think of that as a black start facility, so it helps with resiliency and reliability for the entire state of Wisconsin. And so those would be call them diesel generators, gas generators, that would be effective. I've been able to restart the system in case of any type of blackout.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you so much. That's it for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wiesel from Scotiabank. Please ask your question.
Andrew Wiesel: Good morning, everybody.
Lisa Barton: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Wiesel: Good morning. If I could first elaborate on the equity question a little bit. First, would the ATM presumably be large enough to the $1.4 billion over years? Would you consider a forward or a block perhaps? And in terms of timing, would I be correct to think it might be more back-end loaded, or would you think it might be ratable, '26 through '28?
Robert Durian: Yeah. So we've announced as part of our updated financing plan that we foresee the need for about $1.4 billion of new common equity through 2028. Normally raise about $25 million a year through our share of direct plans. So would be roughly about $100 million of that total. And then the remaining $1.3 billion could be in the form of an ATM over time. Or could be some type of forward transaction. We have a lot of flexibility with that that will continue to evaluate different market conditions over time, determine what we best wanna do there. Regarding the timing question, right now, the financing plan assumes that that $1.3 billion would come in ratably from 2026 through 2028. But like I said, we have a lot of flexibility with that, so we would consider market conditions and then potentially think about modifications of the timing of that if we saw the right opportunity.
Andrew Wiesel: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then forgive me if I missed it, but what exactly was added to the CapEx plan? It obviously went up by $600 million give or take. Was that more generation or wires? And if it was generation, can you tell us what was the technology or technologies and the timing?
Robert Durian: Yeah. The biggest component of that was on the generation side, specifically natural gas generation. Think of that as we continue to build out more load from these data center opportunities, we need capacity resources to be able to meet the peak demand of those customers. And so again, back to the supplemental slide seven, we've 1.5 gigawatts of new natural gas facility load through 2030, and the biggest component of that CapEx increase associated with that natural gas generation.
Andrew Wiesel: Okay. Very good. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ross Fowler from Bank of America. Please ask your question.
Lisa Barton: Good morning, guys. It's actually Renny here for Ross. I just had a quick question about the MISO capacity auction and I guess, do you guys see that impacting consumer bills in the regulatory landscape?
Robert Durian: Yeah. We're actually very well positioned. It's a great question given kind of the results of that auction, specifically summer capacity prices being more elevated. Taking advantage of that length right now and selling that excess capacity into the market and we use those proceeds to actually help our customer bills. Unfortunately, I think some other folks may be on the other side of that where they may be short and suffering some more challenges when it comes to customer bills, but we're very well positioned there. And we're gonna continue to try and be well positioned as we think that's a more longer-term trajectory as far as seeing higher elevated prices in the capacity market, which really supports our desire to wanna continue to build new generation to support our customer demand.
Renny: Okay. Makes sense. And then just secondly, how do you guys view potential ROFR legislation in Wisconsin? And what I guess, what effect would that have on CapEx?
Lisa Barton: Good morning. In terms of in both states, there's actually ROFR legislation. As we look at it from a Wisconsin standpoint, and what's ATC's investment opportunities are. They're likely stronger with a ROFR. However, ATC, like all other transmission providers, will position itself to be competitive should a ROFR not be supported in the state. But none of that is reflected in our CapEx plan, even the tranche 2.2 is out of the window that you see here. There's a lot of projects that have been allocated to ATC that are still not in our CapEx plan because they go into those outer years. Lots of great upside.
Renny: Okay. Makes sense. Alright. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The last question is from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning. Thank you, team.
Lisa Barton: Hi, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. First, I wanted to clarify on Nick's question a little bit on the EPS CAGR and wanting to the top or near the top. Is it correct? That's reflecting the current capital plan any of the incremental opportunities that you've discussed a lot, like the mature opportunities, etcetera, that'd be incremental to that. Or kind of were you thinking, like, this is a little bit of a preview of what you could be contemplating well.
Robert Durian: Yeah. I would characterize that statement as far as being disappointed if we're not towards the top end of that range by 2027 based on our current plan. Gonna continue to try and work on identifying further opportunities with further data center load growth and other economic development activities, which would be upside to our plan going forward.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Excellent. That's what I thought. And then I could ask a little bit more color on the tariff commentary, believe you said 20% tariffs on the batteries, and most of them are secured or in transit. Just could you give a little detail? Did you change the sourcing strategy? Was this kind of offsets embedded contracts? Because it's a favorably lower number than, I think, a lot of your peers in the industry have been discussing. So good to hear.
Lisa Barton: Yeah. We had worked really hard to get ahead of that. And one of the things to note is still with that 20% tariff that would be imposed on those batteries, that's still the lowest cost in terms of those batteries from China are still lower cost than domestically produced. So we're feeling very comfortable with where we are. And our in-service dates here. This year.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. And so you said those are Chinese batteries for that 20% tariff?
Lisa Barton: They are.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Thank you very much, team.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy Corporation, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year End 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Note that at this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead. Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and webcast for joining us today.
Susan Gille: We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Lisa Barton, President and CEO, and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's year-end and fourth-quarter financial results and affirmed our 2025 earnings guidance range. This release, as well as an earnings presentation, will be referenced during today's call and are available on the Investor webpage of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's news release last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to ongoing earnings per share, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. References to ongoing earnings exclude material charges or income that are not normally associated with ongoing operations. The reconciliation between ongoing and GAAP measures is provided in the earnings release which is available on our website. Non-GAAP adjustments include an asset valuation charge related to IPL's Lansing generating station of $0.17 per share recorded in the second quarter of 2024, restructuring and voluntary employee separation charges of $0.08 per share recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024, an asset retirement obligation charge for steam assets at IPL of $0.06 per share recorded in the second quarter of 2024, and an adjustment of deferred tax assets due to Iowa tax reform of $0.04 per share recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024, and in 2023. At this point, I will turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2024 marked another year of solid financial and operational performance during which we made considerable progress on our key strategic priorities. As we review our strong operational and financial performance for 2024, we'll look ahead to 2025, providing updates on our progress towards achieving key strategic objectives that enhance our ability to support our customers, communities, and importantly drive shareholder growth now and for generations to come. Reflecting on 2024, I'm extremely proud of the progress we made and the strong foundation we built, one that positions us well to drive sustainable growth and deliver meaningful value. Our ongoing 2024 EPS growth aligns with our long-term target of 5% to 7%. We increased our dividend with 2024 marking the 21st straight year of dividend increases. We successfully commissioned 1.5 gigawatts of solar energy investments, adding to our 1.8 gigawatt wind generation fleet, reinforcing our leadership in regulated owned renewables. Our approved electric rate review construct in Iowa stabilizes electric base rates for customers through the end of the decade and allows us to grow in tandem with our economic development success rate. Positions the company to earn its authorized return on equity through the retention of new tax credits, energy margins, and capacity revenues. While we invest in energy resources to support growing energy demand, provides a framework to support economic development through an individual customer rate construct enabling the company to capture meaningful economic development growth to benefit our communities. By putting our newly IUC approved construct into action, we reached a significant milestone in our economic development efforts, securing commitments with signed agreements of up to 1.9 gigawatts of data center load at our Big Cedar site in Cedar Rapids. Our individual customer rate or ICR construct in Iowa and Wisconsin are key tools for economic development and community growth. We recently filed an ICR contract for one of two Iowa data centers, and we look forward to the IUC's review of this contract. We expect the second ICR contract to be filed in the first quarter. As we have highlighted in previous calls, we are committed to ensuring all ICRs benefit existing customers, new customers, and our shareholders, which will be demonstrated in these confidential filings. Our team continues to advance our purpose-driven strategy and is taking measures today to enable the achievement of our financial and operational objectives over the long term. We operate in two states that have enacted legislation to fast track and support economic development, creating new opportunities for growth and investment. To complement legislation adopted last year to support mega projects, Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds recently introduced legislation to continue providing tools to accelerate economic development in the state. Key provisions of the bill include non-contested integrated resource plan filings with the IUC and the requirement to file non-contested IRPs at least every five years. Lowering the threshold for advanced rate making to 40 megawatts and expanding eligibility requirements for advanced rate making to encourage all of the above energy solutions and technologies in Iowa. In Wisconsin, the legislature enacted a sales and use tax exemption for data centers. This legislation is designed to increase investments and growth in the sector. With that in mind, I'm excited to announce we have an agreement in principle with a data center customer that has purchased land in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. As noted in previous calls, we have increased our focus on economic development, and this will continue to be our focus in the months and years ahead. Expanding the competitive advantage of our service territory through our efforts to drive economic development in Iowa and Wisconsin is driving meaningful outcomes, attracting new investments, creating jobs, and supporting investments in the infrastructure needed to support long-term growth in the communities we serve. Tying our economic development wins back to our CapEx plans, as you recall, in November 2024, we refreshed our capital expenditure plan to incorporate energy resource investments to meet the first phase or up to 1.1 gigawatts of our data center growth. At this time, we also indicated that we had an additional 800 megawatts of data center load backed by fully executed land, transmission, and energy supply agreements, where we were awaiting greater clarity on the timing of the load ramp. We now have that clarity. Given our confidence in our Wisconsin Beaver Dam location, we expect to add this new data center demand to our updated resource supply plan, capital expenditure plan, and financing plan, which will be provided as part of our Q1 2025 earnings release. As noted in Slide 5, we are taking a responsible approach to meeting these needs using a combination of existing capacity, new generation, demand response, and capacity purchases. This allows us to accelerate our ability to meet the load while building length in our CapEx plan well into the future. Our economic development efforts, including the addition of new data center loads, are projected to increase energy sales. This increase in sales will help distribute fixed costs across a larger customer base, contributing to more stable and manageable rates for our customers. We recognize speed to market is critical for meeting the needs of growing and new customers, whether they are large load industries or local expansions. Our reliable, balanced portfolio of existing resources combined with our inventory of MISOQ positions, to connect new energy resources, short-term market purchases, and our track record of successful execution gives us confidence in our ability to capture these opportunities. Now let me briefly touch on the investment growth opportunities associated with our 16% interest in American Transmission Company. MISO transmission investments present a strategic opportunity for us to enhance regional grid stability. Earlier this year, MISO announced capital investments for tranche 2.1. ATC expects to be assigned approximately $2 billion of tranche 2.1 with an additional opportunity through the right of first refusal or competitive bid process of up to $1.8 billion. We do not expect a material impact to our earnings related to tranche 2.1 until post-2030. At Alliant Energy, we are committed to strengthening the energy grid by reducing outages, improving recovery times, and expanding capacity with a balanced mix of cost-effective and proven technologies. At the same time, we continue investments in future innovations to meet growing demand while maintaining affordability for our customers. Looking back on my first year as CEO, I'm proud of our team's relentless dedication and execution of our purpose-driven strategy. Their dedication not only strengthens our service to customers and communities but also fuels sustainable long-term value creation for our shareholders. As we celebrate National Engineers Week, I'm proud to recognize the exceptional contributions of our engineers whose innovation and expertise continue to propel our industry forward. Equally important, I extend my deepest gratitude to our dedicated generation team, line crews, and extended team for their unwavering commitment to delivering reliable energy to our customers. Your hard work and dedication are the backbone of our operational success and the driving force behind our continued progress. I will now turn the call over to Robert to provide our financial results, financing plans, and an update on regulatory matters.
Robert Durian: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2024 ongoing earnings of $3.04 per share compared to ongoing earnings of $2.82 per share in 2023. These ongoing earnings contributed to a compounded annual earnings growth rate in excess of 6% over the last ten years. The year-over-year ongoing earnings change was primarily due to higher revenue requirements from capital investments. This positive driver was partially offset by higher depreciation, financing expense, and lower AFUDC associated with our customer-focused capital expenditure programs. The remaining year-over-year earnings drivers largely relate to the negative impacts of milder temperatures on electric and gas sales and our team's successful efforts to offset a significant portion of the negative 2024 temperature impacts with actions taken to capture higher tax benefits and lower O&M expenses. We are extremely proud that our 2024 O&M expenses, excluding non-GAAP adjustments, were approximately $30 million less than in 2023. The result of our employees' efforts to manage our business to deliver long-term financial consistency. We also completed restructuring activities in the fourth quarter of 2024, which resulted in a 5% reduction in our workforce for individuals who chose a voluntary employee separation package, which will provide sustainable cost savings in the future. The winter temperatures in 2024 were some of the warmest on record in our service territory and across the US. These temperature impacts on electric and gas margins decreased Alliant Energy's earnings by approximately $0.15 per share in 2024. In comparison, temperatures decreased Alliant Energy's earnings by $0.06 per share in 2023. Excluding impacts of mild temperatures, the margins from our electric sales were close to plan, with higher than expected sales to residential and commercial customers due to greater than forecasted meter growth partially offset by lower sales to our lower margin IPL industrial customer, primarily due to less demand from customers who operate their own generation. In 2024, we continued our steadfast focus on keeping bills cost-effective for the customers we have the privilege to serve. On a revenue per kilowatt hour basis, average retail electric rates only increased by approximately 2% and 1% for IPL and WPL, respectively. Both changes were below the US rate of inflation in 2024. And our average retail natural gas rates on a cost-protected therm sold declined by approximately 10% when compared to 2023. These results were achieved despite both utilities implementing base rate increases in 2024. We were also successful with many initiatives in 2024 to help create value for our customers in the future. We were awarded $80 million of grants to lower capital costs for customer-focused investments. We secured $3 billion of conditional commitments for loan guarantees from the U.S. Department of Energy's loan programs office, and if finalized, those loans would help us cost-effectively finance future clean energy generation and storage for both Iowa and Wisconsin customers. We initiated safe harbor activities with the intention of preserving the qualification of tax credits for future energy storage and renewable projects, and as Lisa mentioned, we are utilizing our individual customer rate construct in both states, which allows us to capture growth from economic development activities occurring within our territories, which will in turn absorb a portion of fixed costs and help reduce costs for all customers. Our teams also had success with improving cash flows last year. 2024 cash flows from operations increased by approximately $300 million or 35% when compared to 2023. This substantial increase was primarily the result of the successful monetization of tax credits generated in 2024, improved recoveries of infrastructure investments with new base rates in both Iowa and Wisconsin, and successful efforts by our employees to reduce the working capital requirements of our core utility business. I'm also pleased to report that our investing cash flows in 2024 align with our projected CapEx managers set at the beginning of the year. Due to our proactive procurement activities and our continued track record of successful execution of our key construction projects. Moving to 2025, we are affirming our 2025 earnings guidance range of $3.15 to $3.25 per share. And we have based our long-term 5% to 7% earnings growth rate target off our 2024 ongoing earnings of $3.04. Our efforts to support customer value by making smart investments and controlling operating costs all while receiving constructive regulatory outcomes will support our ability to consistently deliver solid financial results. Turning to 2025 financing. Our current 2025 financing plans are included on Slide 8. We anticipate updating our 2025 to 2028 financing plans in conjunction with our next capital expenditure update, which we expect to share on next quarter's earnings call. Finally, I'll highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress, as well as those regulatory filings we plan to initiate later this year. We have four active dockets in progress before the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, which involve requests for certificates of authority for customer-focused investments. These dockets relate to investments, which will enhance the reliability and resiliency of the Riverside natural gas generator facility, refurbish the Ford Wind and Bentry wind farms, extend production tax credits from the facilities for the benefit of our customers, and enable a new long-duration energy storage project called Energy Dome, which would be sited next to WPL's Columbia Energy Center. The expected timing of decisions from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin on these dockets is provided on Slide 9. We also have two active filings in progress before the Iowa Utilities Commission, seeking approval for an individual customer rate for one of the new data centers in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and an approximate 100-megawatt Cedar River natural gas generator station which would be located on the existing site of the Prairie Creek generating station. Finally, for our planned regular regulatory filings this year, we anticipate filing a Wisconsin retail electric and gas rate review for test years 2026 and 2027 at the end of this quarter, and in conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plan, we also expect to make regulatory filings later this year in both Iowa and Wisconsin for additional renewables and dispatchable resources to enhance reliability, further diversify our energy resources, and meet growing customer energy needs. Thank you for your continued support and look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Lisa to provide closing remarks.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, Robert. I'd like to close by focusing on what you can expect from the Alliant Energy team. We are actively looking to expand our competitive advantage by driving sustainable growth and long-term value. Our tenants driving affordability and delivering value. Advancing growth at scale through economic development. Adapting regulatory and advocating for legislative constructs to support growth and win-win outcomes. Responsibly powering growth by growing at the pace of our customers and using capacity length, new resources, load response, and capacity purchases. I'm extremely proud of the foundation we've established in 2024. We are well-positioned to drive sustainable growth and create meaningful shareholder value. Thank you for your continued support. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Barton. At this time, the company will open the call up for questions from members of the investment community. Tone phone. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. Should you wish to decline from the polling process, please press star followed by two. Please go ahead and press star one now if you have any questions. First, we will hear from Shahriar Pourreza at Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hi. Good morning.
Lisa Barton: Hey, Shahriar. How are you?
Shahriar Pourreza: Good. How are you doing?
Lisa Barton: Great. Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent. So, Lisa, the new data center of we got a new data center in Wisconsin. The CapEx update is coming next quarter. Can we just get a little bit more color on where you could see yourself within that five to seven, especially as we look out towards the end of the plan. Are we peer the top end? Is this something you'll communicate on the one q? CapEx revision update? Just a little bit more sense there.
Lisa Barton: Q1 will have a much better line of sight Shahriar, with respect to where we'll be. What you will see in that will be the 1.9 gigawatts associated with phase one and phase two of the Cedar Rapids build-out as well as the New Wisconsin facility. So let me so the building cash early right now to project out into the future.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Got it. And then just on the CapEx update, Lisa, will is it kind of will we see normal this distributions been pushed out, or do you think it's purely additive to the 10% CAGR?
Lisa Barton: One of the things right now we're looking at is just what are the needs of our customers and communities, and we are leaning in a little bit more on the generation side right now. And a little less so on the distribution.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That is perfect. And then just one last one if I may. Just obviously a lot of focus around the Wisconsin opportunity. Maybe if we can come back to Iowa for a sec. Any updated color on a potential phase two at a Big Cedar and or Prairie View. Just any timing of that announcement. Thanks.
Lisa Barton: So what we have based a reflected there right now. So we had 1.1 gigawatts was phase one. Another 800 being the phase two. Totaling the 1.9 that you see there. And that's with two different data center customers. One probably saw the announcement on is QTS. The other one is not wanting us to release their name at this point in time. And we just want to always make sure that we're abiding by the wishes of our customers.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Makes sense. Congrats on the execution. Appreciate it. See you soon.
Lisa Barton: Thank you. Bye bye.
Operator: Next question will be from Nicholas Campanella at Barclays. Please go ahead. Hi, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the updates. No. I just wanted to ask when we kinda think about financing this incremental CapEx that's gonna be coming just in general across the plan, like, if we were to add a dollar of CapEx like, what's the associated equity needs with that going forward? And maybe you can kind of update us on where your FFO to debt is trending. Thanks.
Robert Durian: Yeah, Nick. This is Robert. So that was your first question. As we think about kind of where we stand right now with our balance sheet, we feel like we've got a really strong balance sheet. And improving cash flows, which I'll get into here in a little bit. But as you think about the capital expenditure refresh, that we plan on sharing with the first quarter call, think about roughly 45% to 50% of any new capital additions or expected to be financed through equity and the remaining through what I would characterize as debt issuances. And specifically on your cash flow question, as I shared with my prepared remarks, we made some pretty significant progress with improving our cash flows in 2024. We saw about a 35% increase or about $300 million of cash flow from operations relative to what we saw in 2023. That was largely because of the modernization of tax credits, the improvements that we saw as a result of the base rate in place increases that we implemented to recover infrastructure. But probably one of the things I'm more proud of is the fact that we're doing a really good job with kinda optimizing our working capital. So we're looking forward to continuing that trend here into 2025. And actually seeing probably, if anything, an upside when it comes to additional tax credit monetization as we continue to build out more renewables and storage and generate more tax credits that are available for sale.
Nicholas Campanella: That's great. And then just with the Wisconsin opportunities still in focus, also gonna be filing this Wisconsin rate review soon. Maybe you can just kinda talk about what's different in this case versus prior cases.
Robert Durian: I don't know if it's much different, I would characterize kind of the key drivers for this rate review are predominantly related to rate base additions since the last case. Think about all of the solar that we completed over the last couple of years, as well as we got new battery storage projects, all of that stuff has been approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. We also have some advanced gas path projects, which are intended to improve the capacity and efficiency of our Nina and Sheboygan natural gas facilities that have been approved by the PSW. So a large portion of what we're seeking for recovery or we'll be seeking for recovery is just rate-based additions. Partially offset by some of the fuel cost savings from those projects as well as some of the tax benefits. So as far as some of the key issues, you'll see the typical questions about return on equity, capital structure, we feel like we're well-positioned to have a good case in front of the commission here in a couple of months.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. Great. We're looking forward to first quarter, and have a great weekend. You.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you, operator, and thank you, team. Appreciate it. Appreciate the time. And congratulations again. Very nicely done here with you.
Lisa Barton: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Maybe just to follow-up on a few things here. One item that stands out is just the backdrop of renewables and renewables execution and just the reliance on tax credit. Through the plan. Specifically, some of the dynamics through the plan at the twenty-nine beg the question around how you think about safe harboring and to what extent you guys have along with your partners, ensured access to the tax credits and or any other avenues to ensure that the plan is intact. I just wanna make sure that we've got the visibility on what's out there, including the wind power.
Robert Durian: Great question, Julien. So, yeah, I'm gonna extremely proud of the activities of the team in the fourth quarter and here into the first quarter of 2025. To really position us well to, I would say, safe harbor significant majority of the renewables and battery storage that we have in our current plan. We've taken actions to put down payments on certain projects. We've initiated construction activities for other projects. And so we feel well-positioned with safe harboring. What I would characterize is the substantial majority of all of the projects that go through the next four years. Related to the renewables, including wind and solar as well as the battery storage project. We got in our plan right now?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And that includes the ongoing permitting activities you're comfortable.
Robert Durian: Yeah. We don't have any concerns currently with permitting. We don't tend to put our wind projects on public lands, and so don't face that kind of risk. So and we've been pretty proactive as you probably know from some of our previous discussions about getting ahead on MISO positions and other things that are positioned as well to be able to navigate what it's kind of a choppy period right now with some of these activities.
Lisa Barton: And just to highlight, Julien, you know, we've gone through the safe harboring before, so we're very experienced with this. So we're feeling very comfortable about how we've positioned ourselves for the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I would expect nothing less, Lisa. Thank you on that. I appreciate it. Just knowing you and your team. Just with respect to the dataset opportunity real quickly, can you elaborate a little bit more on the opportunities piece, right, in the slides? Right? For as much as the slide shows something like 2.1 gigawatts you know, to be delineated by the first quarter plan. Can you talk a little bit on the timeline here to get up to that full, I don't know, 2.9 ish, if that's the slide seem to indicate here? Given that they all seem to be coming online in that twenty-eight time period, I imagine it'll be pretty swift to get further clarity on that, that upside opportunity bucket.
Lisa Barton: So think of it this way, that upside light blue of the opportunities, those are companies where we're having active discussions and so forth. That's why what you'll see is very much a balanced approach in terms of our resources. It'll be new. It'll be we extended and intended to convert Edgewater. We're evaluating Columbia in Columbia. So we're really using an all of the above approach when it comes to positioning ourselves. We wanna make sure that we're as competitive as possible so that when data centers come knocking, Alliant is the first place that they'll go. So that's the approach that we're taking. And we'll have a lot more information for you in Q1. All will be revealed in Q1. Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Including the upside opportunities. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Andrew Weisel at Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Hi. Good morning. Just to clarify, first question, to be clear, is Big Cedar essentially fully booked up at this point?
Lisa Barton: It is.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then do you have a new customer at Beaver Dam, then you have the additional sites. I guess my question is how confident do you feel that you've got ample opportunity should you have a the good problem where a lot of customers come knocking at your door. In other words, do you feel confident that you'll be able to serve a strong number of potential data set to customers over time.
Lisa Barton: We really wanna position ourselves to attract as much economic development for our communities as possible. And so that's why we've made some of the decisions that we've made. Our economic development team is acutely focused on figuring out how to attract these customers and to make sure that it's a win-win-win. I can't emphasize that enough. It needs to be a win for not only new customers, but existing customers as well as shareholders as well. Yeah. The one thing to keep in mind is that while the growth that we've had is tied to some of the land that we have, it's not necessary. It's been a great accelerator. For some of these opportunities. But just like you've seen in other jurisdictions, these types of customers are really looking for transmission capacity and having sufficient generation available to meet their needs. We will we have a very flexible resource planning process and that allows us to be pretty adaptive, I think, compared to a number of our peers.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Very helpful. It actually ties in very neatly into my next question. The proposed legislation in the IO about integrated resource planning How do you think about that in terms of flexibility or or lack thereof? I mean, on the one hand, it helps with long-term generation planning. On the other hand, you're gonna have to be very flexible to work with these fast-moving hyperscalers and data centers So how do you think about that in terms of adding or limiting your
Lisa Barton: Oh, I think it's actually relatively neutral. With respect to that because we can file a plan at any time. What the legislation is really intended to do is to not have people go beyond five years. You know, we order to adapt to the needs of our customers and communities, would be filing more often. And as you may recall, the last resource plan exercise that we went through We basically had, you know, low, medium, and high low cases, and that allowed us to have a considerable amount of flexibility in terms of determining what resources that we need. So, I mean, quite frankly, if we wanted to go in tomorrow, we can go in tomorrow and file another resource plan. So we feel that it's very supportive of what we need to advance economic development.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And one last one if I may. The it's Sorry. Go ahead. Just I do have one correction to what I said earlier, which is we do have a little bit of room still at Big Cedar. So my apologies.
Andrew Weisel: Oh, okay. Great. More options is always a good thing. One last one. The advanced rate making has been a little bit of a a moving target if I can describe it that way maybe in the past. Can you talk about the proposed legislation and and how it maybe might clarify things going forward or or maybe a little bit more detail on on what's in that proposal and how you think it might play out.
Robert Durian: That's a great question, Andrew. So historically, we have taken the opportunity to utilize advanced rate making principles for largely our renewable expansion program in some of our larger natural gas facilities. More recently, with some recent legislation that was already passed, it expanded it to include battery storage as well as nuclear. Now they've taken even a more of an I call it an all of the above approach where they've lowered the the gas requirement down to 40 megawatts And so we really see this as a great opportunity to use all kinds of different resources to be able to meet the demands that we see coming from new customers. So a lot of flexibility with it. Think it's just kind of a demonstration of the willingness of the state of Iowa to drive economic development to make sure we've got the ability with flexibility to be able to meet it with different resources. So so we're looking forward to seeing that go through the legislation process. And, hopefully, be able to utilize that here in the near future.
Andrew Weisel: Flexibility seems to be a theme. You very much, guys. Appreciate the help.
Operator: Next, we will hear from Paul Fremont at Ladenburg. Go ahead.
Paul Fremont: I understand that hi. Congratulations on a good quarter. Can you would you put potentially look to to put into place a similar regulatory structure as what you have in Iowa in in with content. Especially for, like, large and data centers.
Lisa Barton: Yeah. It's a great question. I mean, with Wisconsin and Iowa had very different constructs where in Iowa, we'd go in, you maybe say, every four years, so it became it could be a challenge in terms of growing at the pace of our customers. In Wisconsin, we really don't have that because we're in every two years with a forward-looking construct. So no plans.
Paul Fremont: Okay. Can you discuss I guess in one of your slides, you mentioned a flexible rate structure as part of what's being considered in legislation in Iowa. How What can you describe what those contract changes might look like?
Lisa Barton: Oh, so the individual customer rate?
Paul Fremont: Yes. I think that's what you're referring to. Yes.
Lisa Barton: So the individual customer rate construct that we have is associated with the settlement that we worked through last year. What that allows us to do is to customize the contracts for the needs of a particular customer. And then it is submitted confidentially to the IUC for their approval. They have to act within ninety days or it's otherwise approved.
Paul Fremont: Right. But in other words, the slide is sort of proposed legislation in Iowa. So how would that change What changes are they talking about in terms of establishing a flexible rate tool to help electric utility companies attract new large energy user customers. What What changes would would that mean in terms of Iowa?
Robert Durian: Yeah, Paul, this is Robert. If you if you're thinking about the legislation and what's being proposed at this point in time, think of it as just a further expansion. There's certain I would say, parameters that the individual customer rate that was approved in the rate order allow you to do. This would expand it even further, so it gives us even more flexibility or opportunity to offer those types of rates to even more customers beyond the data centers that we currently are pursuing with the individual customer rate in the trade order.
Paul Fremont: Right. And then last question, in terms of the additional generation, that you're looking to add is should we think of all of that as being renewable or some of that gonna be gas?
Lisa Barton: Yeah. Some of it will be gas. It's all of the above.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: You're welcome. Next question will be from Ashok Khan at Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Ashok Khan: Thank you, Michael. My questions have been answered. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Miss Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed conclude your conference call for today. Once again, thank you for attending. And at this time, we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Nathan Richardson - Barclays:
Julian Dumoulin-Smith - Jefferies:
Andrew Weisel - Scotiabank:
Paul Fremont - Ladenburg:
Aditya Gandhi - Wolf Research:
Bill Appicelli - UBS:
Operator: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Thank you for holding, everyone, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Now, at this time, I'll turn things over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Lisa Barton, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results, narrowed our 2024 earnings guidance range, provided 2025 earnings and dividend guidance, and provided our updated capital expenditure plans through 2028. This release, as well as earnings presentation, will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to ongoing earnings per share, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. References to ongoing earnings exclude material charges or income that are not normally associated with ongoing operations. The reconciliation between ongoing and GAAP measures is provided in the earnings release, which is available on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton : Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. Today, we're pleased to share our Q3 results, another quarter where we delivered solid financial performance while advancing our key strategic priorities. We'll take you through the details of our performance, share our outlook for the remainder of the year, provide insights into our strategic initiatives, and discuss how we're positioned for continued success and growth over the longer term. We are narrowing our 2024 ongoing earnings guidance range based on our confidence in our ability to offset a majority of the negative impacts of temperatures, and we are reaffirming our long-term earnings growth target of 5% to 7%. Looking ahead, I'm pleased to share our 2025 earnings guidance and dividend targets. Our 2025 earnings guidance midpoint represents a 6% increase to our midpoint of our forecasted 2024 ongoing earnings, and our 2025 annual common stock dividend target is $2.03 per share, a 6% increase from this year's dividend. While we are sharing our Q3 2024 results today, our team is acutely focused on the future and building a strong pipeline of investment opportunities while concurrently solving for affordability. Our relentless focus on delivering consistent, predictable results with a steadfast commitment to customer centricity, affordability, reliability, and sustainability serves as the foundation of our strategy. In a rapidly evolving energy landscape, four key strengths set us apart and underpin our success in supporting growth of long-term shareholder returns. An economic development focus. We drive growth in the communities we serve, creating shared prosperity and building robust local economies. Use of a dynamic resource planning model. Our flexible approach to resource planning ensures our ability to scale generation quickly with a non-litigated resource plan to meet evolving customer and community needs. Forward thinking regulatory alignment. We work proactively with our regulators and intervenors to shape frameworks that solve for affordability and growth, strengthening our ability to provide win-win outcomes. Strategic capacity positioning. Leveraging existing resources along with strategic generation queue positions enables us to adapt our generation portfolio as customer needs evolve. These differentiators enable us to pivot as needed to grow with our customers. With that in mind, I'm excited to announce we are preparing to bring two prestigious data center companies to our Big Cedar Industrial Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. We expect these data centers to add 1.1 gigawatts in Phase 1, which is anticipated to come online by year end 2028. This first phase of new data center demand is projected to boost our peak demand by nearly 20% over the next five years, with the potential for a second phase by the end of the decade. We are confident in the timing and the magnitude of the 1.1 gigawatts, all of which is backed by fully executed land transmission and energy supply agreements. We will continue to provide updates on future loads and new customers as we gain greater clarity on the size and timing of the forecasted load. Our recently approved individual customer rates, or ICR, in Iowa is enabling Alliant Energy to adapt and align with the needs of both future and existing customers while ensuring meaningful long-term growth for our investors. We appreciate the Iowa Utilities Commission recent decisions supporting our rate review settlement and use of the ICR construct. This order stabilizes base rates for Iowa customers through the end of the decade, providing predictability for current and future customers. The ICR also serves as a tool for economic development and community growth in Iowa. We look forward to the Iowa Utilities Commission review of our ICR contracts for these new customers. As we have mentioned in the past, we are committed to ensuring all such arrangements are beneficial for existing customers, new customers, and our share owners. This year we are refreshing our Clean Energy Blueprint, which serves as our resource planning process and roadmap. This unique, dynamic, and non-litigated resource planning process provides for meaningful stakeholder engagement. It is a disciplined and thoughtful approach that proactively adapts to MISO accreditation changes and aligns our energy resources with growing demand. By evaluating our needs to support low, mid, and high low-growth scenarios, we have the ability to flex our resource plan as necessary. The 2025-2028 capital expenditure plan incorporates a mid-growth scenario, or Phase 1, of anticipated economic growth at Big Cedar. We recognize supporting reliability, resiliency, and the clean energy transition requires continued robust planning, a strong transmission network, and a mix of flexible, controllable resources such as natural gas, energy storage, and advanced grid technology to ensure grid reliability. Our CapEx plan includes investments in strengthening and improving the performance of our existing natural gas investments, additional energy storage, additional highly efficient natural gas assets to further diversify our energy mix, and finally, as we have done in the past, we will continue to evaluate extending the operation of existing fossil facilities and repowering opportunities. These investments in energy resources will enhance energy security, create local jobs, and provide valuable tax revenues for the communities we serve, all while maintaining affordable rates for our customers across Iowa and Wisconsin. In both Iowa and Wisconsin, the regulatory environment is collaborative, constructive, and fosters growth. Collectively, it's a win for all stakeholders, and critical to our success in meeting the evolving needs of our customers and the communities we serve. I want to underscore our unwavering commitment to continue providing top-tier reliability in achieving our long-term sustainability goals outlined in the Corporate Responsibility Report published this week. We are extremely proud of our efforts to enhance our portfolio of zero-fuel-cost clean energy resources. Alliant Energy continues to be a leader in the clean energy transition, with 1.8 gigawatts of regulated wind, and by the end of this year, 1.5 gigawatts of regulated solar resources. We plan to continue investing in renewable generation and energy storage. In fact, over 40% of our 2025 to 2028 capital expenditure plan includes investments in wind, solar, and energy storage. These investments result in our company having one of the cleanest leaps in the country. Our focus on customers and building stronger communities is at the heart of everything we do. With our strong track record of exceptional project execution, we are confident in our ability to continue meeting customer, community, and investor expectations. Speaking of communities, I would like to extend my gratitude to the many business partners, vendors, and providers who collaborated with our foundation to help raise more than half a million dollars this year to support programs that combat hunger and food insecurity across our service territory. Before we dive into our financial results, I want to take a moment to express my deepest gratitude to our dedicated team members who go above and beyond to help communities in need. In support of the industry's mutual assistance efforts, our team lent their expertise to restore power to communities impacted by Hurricane Helene. The team's dedication and willingness to lend a hand exemplifies the strength and unity of our industry. Thank you for your incredible work and commitment. I will now turn the call over to Robert to provide our financial results, earnings and dividend guidance, financing plans, and an update on regulatory matters.
Robert Durian: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter earnings of $1.15 per share compared to non-GAAP earnings of $1.05 per share in the third quarter of 2023. Our quarterly ongoing earnings change year-over-year was primarily due to higher revenue requirements from capital investments at our Wisconsin utility and the timing of income tax expense. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation and finance expense. The remaining earning drivers for the year largely relate to negative impacts of milder temperatures on electric and gas sales and our team's successful efforts to reduce O&M interest and tax expenses to offset a majority of our temperature impacts. Through September of this year, net temperature impacts on electric and gas margins have decreased Aliant Energy’s earnings by approximately $0.10 per share. In comparison, net temperatures decreased Aliant Energy’s earnings for the first three quarters of 2023 by $0.02 per share. While temperatures have had a material impact on earnings in 2024, margins from our temperature normalized electric sales have been close to plan. With higher than expected sales to residential and commercial customers, partially offset by lower sales to our low margin IPL industrial customers, primarily due to less customer owned generation maintenance in 2024. Turning to our full year 2024 earnings forecast, as a result of our solid earnings through September, our successful efforts to offset a majority of the losses due to mild temperature impacts and our projected fourth quarter results, we have narrowed our 2024 earnings guidance to a range of $2.99 per share to $3.06 per share. As Lisa mentioned, we also announced our projected 2025 earnings guidance range and dividend target yesterday. The 2025 earnings growth is driven by higher earnings from capital investments in both Iowa and Wisconsin, partially offset by higher depreciation and financing expenses. Our 2025 earnings and dividend guidance continue our consistent track record of achieving our long term growth targets of 5% to 7%. Our team has continued to advance our purpose driven strategy to ensure we not only accomplish our current year goals, but also enable the achievement of our financial and operational objectives over the long term. These long term objectives include a strong focus on customer value, while planning and investing for the future. We are well positioned to provide competitive rates for our customers over the long term as a result of our economic development efforts, our continued focus on cost controls, and our pursuit of federal program benefits. Our economic development efforts, including new data center loads, are expected to increase energy sales over the long term, which spreads fixed costs across more units sold, thereby driving affordability for our customers and communities. Through our continued focus on operational excellence and cost management efforts to offset inflationary pressures, we are targeting sustainable cost controls across various expense categories to support customer affordability. As part of these efforts, we are restructuring our workforce. We have initiated a Voluntary Employee Separation program in the fourth quarter, which is expected to reduce our current workforce by approximately 5%. In addition, we continue to drive reductions across other expense categories to deliver on investor and customer expectations. One area where we see this happening is with our generation transition. As we continue to move to more renewables and energy storage, while preparing to fuel switch or retire our fossil fuel generation resources, we will continue to reduce our operating costs. Also, with the implementation of our planned additional renewable and energy storage projects, and the repowering of our wind facilities, we anticipate that tax credits and reduced fuel expenses will help offset the impact of increased renewable rate base, rendering these new investments highly cost effective for our customers. This commitment will result in long term benefits for our customers and long term value for our shareholders. With our success thus far in advancing and executing our capital projects, we expect to continue capturing additional federal benefits by applying for grant and loan funding, maximizing tax benefits for renewables and energy storage projects, and leveraging opportunities to monetize tax credits, which materially improve our cash flows and credit metrics, as well as reduce future financing needs. The U.S. Department of Energy's recent announcement that we were selected for a $50 million grant to advance electric grid reliability, visibility, and control in rural Wisconsin is a great example of our team's successful efforts to capture such federal benefits for our customers. Yesterday we announced an updated capital expenditure plan through 2028. The updates to our plan were largely related to increased capital expenditures for additional generation and energy storage projects necessary to meet growing demand from our customers in the future. Our customer-focused investment plan continues to diversify our generation resources while transitioning our fleet to more renewable and energy storage resources. We have increased our four-year capital expenditure plan by approximately $1.8 billion and now have a compounded annual growth rate of 10% for rate base plus construction work in progress, extending our confidence in meeting the long-term growth objectives shared with our investors. Moving to our financing plans. In September we successfully completed $650 million of debt issuances at IPO, which has finalized our planned debt issuances for 2024. We plan to use the proceeds from these debt issuances to retire maturing debt in December and finance the 400 megawatts of Iowa solar projects, which we expect to be in service by the end of the year. As we look to future financing and with the increase in our capital expenditure plan, we have provided updated financing plan indications through 2028 on Slide 7 of our supplemental slides. Of note, our capital expenditures will primarily be financed with a combination of cash flows from operations, including significant proceeds expected from the continuation of tax credit modernization, and new debt and common equity issuances to maintain regulatory capital structures and a desired parent capital structure of approximately 40%. More near term, our 2025 financing plans include up to $1.2 billion of long-term debt issuances, including up to $600 million at each of IPO and Aliant Energy finance and or at the parent. Our 2025 financing plans also include approximately $25 million of new common equity through our share and direct plan. Finally, I'll highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress, as well as those regulatory filings we plan to initiate in the future. We have three active dockets currently in progress before the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, which involve requests for certificates of authority for customer-focused investments. These dockets relate to investments which will enhance the reliability and resiliency of the Riverside Generating Facility, refurbish the Pantry Wind Farm to extend production tax credits from the facility for the benefit of our customers, and enable a new long-duration energy storage project called Energy Dome, which would be sited next to the Columbia Energy Center. We expect decisions from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin on these dockets in 2025. Turning to our planned regulatory filings in the future, we anticipate filing the Wisconsin Retail Electric and Gas Rate Review for test years 2026 and 2027 by early second quarter of 2025. In conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plan, we also expect to make regulatory filings in both Iowa and Wisconsin for additional renewables and dispatched resources to enhance reliability, further diversify our energy resources, and meet growing customer energy needs. I'll now turn the call back over to Lisa to provide closing remarks.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, Robert. It's an exciting time to be in the utility industry, and more importantly, it's an exciting time to be at Alliant Energy. In closing, I want to reiterate the elements that set Alliant Energy apart. It's our ability to continually solve the Rubik's Cube of balancing reliability, sustainability, affordability, and long-term growth. Our unwavering commitment to building stronger communities and advancing economic development is the driving force behind our long-term growth opportunities. Our ability to grow in tandem with our customers and communities is underpinned by our flexible, timely, and adaptable resource planning process, which enables us to identify and advance the generation resources needed to support growth. Having access to near-term generation resources allows us to meet our customers' desired timelines. While our investments in future generation positions ensures we are well positioned to adapt and grow at the pace of our customers and communities. As we all know, location matters. We are in a strong RTO, operating as a vertically integrated company with the right and obligation to build, own, and operate generations to serve our customers in states with regulatory frameworks that align with our ability to support continued growth. As we move forward, we remain focused on aligning and adapting to meeting the evolving energy needs of those we serve and those we have the privilege to serve. We remain confident in our team's ability to execute on our strategic and operational priorities to drive sustainable growth. Thank you for your continued support. We look forward to speaking with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference and plan to post updated materials on our website next week. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer section.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Barton. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this morning to Nicholas Campanella of Barclays.
Nathan Richardson : Hey, everybody. It's actually Nathan Richardson on for Nick.
Lisa Barton: Hi, Nathan.
Nathan Richardson: Hi. Happy Friday. Just a couple of questions for you. So should you shift into the high case for load growth? How could that affect where you end up in the 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth guidance?
Lisa Barton: So the way of really looking at that long-term growth is think of it as upside potential. What we're really doing is extending our 5% to 7% growth opportunities. We anticipate that Phase 2 growth would likely be in those later years.
Nathan Richardson: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then one more on the equity. You're currently guiding to roughly 10% funding of overall CapEx, but only $25 million of issuance of $25. How can we think about contributions in ‘26 and beyond? Would that be practical, and would that be covered under the ATM?
Robert Durian: Yes, great question, Nathan. This is Robert. As we updated our capital expenditure plan and looked at the additional roughly $2 billion of investment, we do see a need for roughly about a $1 billion of new common equity through 2028 to be able to maintain the strong balance sheet that we have and the equity ratio is at the parent company of around 40%. And so when you look at our capital expenditure plan over the four years, it is more heavily weighted towards the back half of the plan. So ‘26, ‘27, and ‘28 have higher levels of growth in CapEx. And so consider that's the appropriate timing when we're going to need that equity. As far as kind of the volume of it, I do think it's probably going to be fairly ratably over that ‘26 to ‘28-time period. And so with those levels roughly around $300 million to $350 million a year in that time frame, there is an opportunity for us to use ATMs at that level. So we'll continue to evaluate that. There could be opportunities for us to reconsider that in the future, but that's what our current plan looks like.
Nathan Richardson: Awesome. Thank you so much. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Julian Dumoulin-Smith at Jefferies.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith : Hey, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. Nicely done here, I must say. A quick clarification, if I can, on the last one here. You talk about Phase 2. Obviously it's through 28 here on Phase 1. To what extent is there still kind of a tailwind here as you think about rolling forward into ‘29 and ‘30? I mean, whether it's the Phase 2 contribution or whether there's just a much further true up on some of the CapEx making its way into earnings and rate base as you think about like run rate ‘29, if you want to think about it that way again. I don't want to try to get too far ahead of your current plan here, but just try to think about some of the residual benefits here as you think over the subsequent two years.
Lisa Barton: Thanks, Julian, and great question. So as we mentioned, we are acutely focused on economic development. What we're always trying to do is make sure that with respect to the information we're giving investors, we are giving you information where we have a clear line of sight and confidence in the numbers and so forth. So we're going to continue to evaluate that. And once we have a better line of sight with respect to the timing and certainty of that load growth, we'll be providing updates on that.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Okay, fair enough. I know it's a -- yes, no, indeed, I think that's the way we'll view it. And then related here, I know you mentioned a few different times in your remarks about this, you know, the ICR and just working on the appropriate tariff structure. And then in tandem here, obviously, there's very sharing bands, et cetera. How would you interpret what we're seeing here today on the midpoint or the midrange case against where you're targeting in terms of earned return scenarios here? Again, I get that there's a few different permutations, but how would you think about level setting here, especially in the back end of that plan, given the ICR tariff and the contributions from these new data centers?
Robert Durian: Yes, that's another great question, Julian. Yes, as we think about the timeframe when we see this data center load ramping up starting in 2027, 2028 and beyond, the higher the level of load growth, it will likely push us into some of those earning sharing mechanisms. But think of that as much later in our plan, kind of the back half in that 2028 and 2029 time periods. As we continue to grow the business and, as Lisa indicated, as we think about future phases beyond this initial phase that we see at the Big Cedar industrial site, that's when you would likely see that triggering those earning sharing mechanisms.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Right, so ‘28 really is kind of the first big year that we would anticipate that kicking in, really?
Robert Durian: Yes, most likely. There could be opportunities. We continue to talk to several different other interested parties, data centers across our service territory. Big Cedar is just one of the industrial sites where we have these opportunities to scale transmission and mirror that up or combine that up with the resource capacities that we're bringing online for generations to be able to meet these data center loads. As we see other opportunities across the service territory and other industrial sites, the pace of that is largely going to be contingent upon kind of the ability for us to get these other agreements locked up with data centers. And so right now we see visibility to that happening in that 2028-2029-time frame, but it could actually be a little bit quicker than that if we're successful in getting some of these other data center contracts completed more timely.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. It's not just load growth upside, it's also sharing band upside, depending on how soon you can get this done. Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Andrew Wessel at Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everybody. First, just a quick one on the ‘24 guidance reduction. Was it just that you were unable to fully offset the weather headwinds from earlier this year, or are there other challenges since then?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think of it largely related to the temperature impact. So what we've seen through the first nine months of the year is about $0.10 of negative temperature impacts. We've also had a fairly warm October to start the fourth quarter, but we feel like we have a good line of sight to be able to offset about 75% of all the negative temperature impacts. Thanks to the successful efforts by the team. Focused on reducing O&M interest expense, financing expense, and so with that confidence, we are going to stay within our range. It's about a $0.03 decrease from the midpoint that we started the year, but like I said, we've been able to offset at least about 75% of the temperature impacts, so that's how we factored into what we used for the updated guidance for 2024.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very good. Then on the CapEx side, I think you said the update includes Phase 1 spending. Do you also have assumptions around other economic development deals, or are you conservatively excluding anything else until you get contracts signed? And same thing with the 3% to 5% load growth. Trying to see if there's an upside should additional customers show up.
Robert Durian: Yes, as we think about future economic development activities more broadly, including data centers, that would all be upside to our plan, so that would increase not only the capital expenditure plan that we put in front of the investor group here today, but also sales, which obviously is a key contributor to helping us with customer affordability, so the more of these data centers that will be successful landing into our service territory beyond this initial phase that we feel confident with, think of that as all upside to our plan.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, then my last question. I want to push you a little bit more and go back to one of the earlier questions here. Longer term, particularly the latter half of your plan here, I want to talk about upside here. You talked about accelerating load growth based on what you've already got. You've got a 20% pickup in the peak load, 20% increase in the CapEx plan, potential for additional customers, and I know the limiting factor is always affordability, but you just talked about how these new customers help with that affordability side, and you've got the ICR and other customer protections. You talked about earnings sharing in the ‘27, ‘28, and beyond. Help me understand here, why are we still talking about 6% and not something faster? What's limiting the potential to not at least stay the high end of the 5% to 7% range, and what are some factors keeping us from getting 7% growth or maybe even better than that in the outer years? Or is it just conservatism?
Lisa Barton: Andrew, just a great question. So, you know, this is all about timing. We really want to make sure that we have accurately forecasted in terms of, you know, when this load is coming online. That's something that you will continue to hear from us on a going-forward basis as any updates with respect to the timing of that load. Anything, Robert that you'd like to add?
Robert Durian: Well, as long as we've known each other, you know we tend to be more conservative than most, and so we're not going to get out in front of our story, and so we'll be sure to share all the information once it's available, but we are going to stay conservative with data center loads until we have those locked up, and then we'll share more information. So expect future updates in the future as we finalize additional agreements.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much. We'll see you soon.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Paul Fremont of Ladenburg.
Paul Fremont : Hey, thank you very much, and congrats on a great update. First question on Slide 5, just to clarify, you're already at the mid with the 1.1 gigawatts, right? So I'm not sure I'm understanding sort of the low-flat scenario?
Lisa Barton: Say the last part, Paul, of your question.
Paul Fremont: I'm assuming that you've already hit the mid-1 -- you know, roughly 1 gigawatt.
Lisa Barton: Yes, 1.1.
Paul Fremont: So that would rule out the low-flat scenario, right, just for clarification?
Lisa Barton: Yes, yes.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And then in terms of discussions or talks, where do you currently stand? Do you think you're close on any other potential announcements, or would you say that that weighs off?
Lisa Barton: Well, Paul, as we've indicated, we continue to talk to data centers. We continue to reiterate the fact that we're going to be conservative with respect to talking about prospects. We want to make sure that if they're on our land, we've got the land agreements executed, the transmission capacity agreements executed, as well as the energy service agreements executed. And even with that, what we're looking for is to have that very clean line of sight with respect to the timing of that load growth and the magnitude of that load growth. We certainly understand that these are very large customers, and we want to make sure we've got that timing right so you can reflect it accurately in your models.
Paul Fremont: And then when you file in Wisconsin next year, would you consider filing something similar in terms of regulatory plan as what you filed in Iowa?
Lisa Barton: You know, we'll continue to evaluate what we put together there in Wisconsin. You know, the Iowa solution is probably likely somewhat unique to Iowa. But, you know, what we're always going to do is look to our jurisdictions and figure out what's the best solution for existing customers, new customers, and shareholders. Remember, in Wisconsin, we have the ability to go in every two years. We didn't have that ability in Iowa, so that resulted in a need for a different construct there.
Paul Fremont: And then last question, in terms of equity, would you consider using junior subordinated debt issuances to achieve some of your equity contribution?
Robert Durian: Great question, Paul. I would consider that as an option for us in the future. We're going to continue to evaluate all the different financing opportunities for us. Fortunately, we don't see a need for I'll say equity content financing instruments in 2025 given where we're positioned. But think of that maybe towards the latter half of next year we'll consider some different options for us and provide some more information to the investment community once we make that decision.
Paul Fremont: Okay, so what you're saying is that junior subordinated could constitute some of that billion of equity need that you've identified?
Robert Durian: We'll evaluate that, like I said, when we get to the latter half of 2025 and we'll share some updated information at that time.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you so much.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Aditya Gandhi at Wolf Research.
Aditya Gandhi : Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. On your long-term EPS growth rate, could you clarify whether the base for that is now the revised ‘24 guidance midpoint or asked differently? Have you sort of rebased lower as it relates to your long-term earnings growth trajectory?
Robert Durian: Yes, historically and we're going to continue with this method we use the current year information and so with the 2024 updated earnings guidance, the midpoint is roughly around $3.03 and so that's what you should use for your long-term base going forward.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. Sorry, just to clarify there, should we think of that as the lower base implying lower longer term earnings or not? Is the point I'm getting to?
Robert Durian: Yes, no, think of as we're still committed to the long-term a solid 6% growth rate. You will see 2024 was a lower year for us to start with but we do see higher levels of growth in our kind of range over the longer term.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. Thank you for clarifying that and then just moving to your financing plan Robert, could you just give us some insights into the level of tax credits that you're baking into your plan and then what credit metrics you're targeting?
Robert Durian: Yes, so when we look over the next four years through 2028, we did provide some information in one of the supplemental slides that indicates how we're going to finance the roughly $11 billion of capital expenditure plans. So like we talked about in my prepared remarks, majority of that’s going to come from cash flow from operations including tax credit monetization. We're targeting roughly about $1.6, $1.7 billion of tax credit monetization over that time period with the strong renewables that we have in place now and additions we're making with new renewables as well as energy storage. We are going to average probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 million, almost $400 million a year in tax credits and with the success that we've had with monetizing those to date we feel very confident we'll be able to do that in the future and so that'll roughly be, like I said, about $1.6 billion $1.7 billion over that five-year time period.
Aditya Gandhi: That's very helpful. Thank you. And one last quick question. As you're speaking to additional customers about future load growth opportunities, should we expect another sort of revision before Q3 of next year? Is that something you'd consider or is it just going to be this consistent cadence of Q3 CapEx updates?
Lisa Barton: We're going to be looking and aligning with some of these new data center loads so expect a revision possibly the first half of next year.
Aditya Gandhi: That's helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next now to Bill Apicelli at UBS.
Bill Appicelli : Hi, good morning. Just going back to the question on the ‘25 guidance, so I guess what is the full impact that -- year-to-date for weather on ‘24 as it was a more normal weather? Would you have been more at the 306 or at the midpoint of the original guidance?
Robert Durian: Like I indicated in my previous remarks, Bill, the weather so far through the first three months is about a $0.10 drag on earnings in 2024. We do expect October to add to that given it's been pretty warm here in the upper Midwest and so in total it's probably closer to maybe $0.12 for the full year. We've been successful, like I indicated before, being able to offset a majority of that roughly about 75% of that through a series of what I would characterize as non-sustainable offsets, tax benefits, some portion of our O&M savings this year as well as we're going to benefit from the reversal of an ATCR we reserved as a result of the recent FERC decision and so looking at that offsetting is really kind of to position us to get back to that 303 that we've indicated as the midpoint of our guidance for 2024.
Bill Appicelli : Okay. We should assume that that reverts back to normal next year, right? So in terms of the growth year over year, you're going to get the weather back presumably or that's what you're assuming normal weather and the guide for 2025, right? So are there any other factors in terms of timing on costs or other things that are impacting the growth year-over-year we should think about? You talked about higher financing costs and appreciation any other color there?
Robert Durian: Yes. So think of like I indicated a majority of the offsets that we've incurred in 2024 to that temperature I would consider as non-sustainable so we will get back to normal weather in 2025 but we won't have some of those non-sustainable offsets in 2024 so it neutrals out and kind of gets us back to a position of having a normal run rate of 6% growth off of that $3.03 in 2025 with the earnings guidance.
Lisa Barton: Bill, one of the one things that I would add is that we are going to continue to focus on looking at ways and identifying ways of using technology and so forth to drive costs out of the business as well as we're going to continue our focus on economic development efforts and the more we can do with respect to economic development and bringing some of those loads on earlier are just an acute focus of ours.
Bill Appicelli : Okay, great. What is the more near-term load growth assumption say for ‘25 or ‘26? I appreciate it's going to be ramping as the load develops and the economic initiatives take hold but when you think about the next year or two on the front end of that is it at the 3% or is it something a little bit below that? How should we think about the near-term load growth?
Robert Durian: Yes, when you think about the load growth for us, the data centers that we're referring to including the initial phase of the data centers that are coming into our Big Cedar industrial site, think of those as starting up on a larger scale in the 2027-time frame. So in the next year or two we're expecting fairly consistent load growth to what we've seen historically. Think of that as maybe in that one half of 0.5% or 1% range.
Bill Appicelli : Okay. Alright, great. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, it appears we have no further questions this morning. Ms. Gille, I'd like to turn things back to you for any closing comments.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Gill. Again, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the Alliant Energy's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Again, thanks so much for joining us, everyone, and we wish you all a great day. Goodbye.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Executive Chairman; Lisa Barton, President and CEO, and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John, Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter financial results. This release as well as the earnings presentation, which will be referenced during today’s call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to ongoing earnings per share, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures is provided in the earnings release, which is available on our website. References to ongoing earnings exclude material charges or income that are not normally associated with ongoing operations. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we pass the midpoint of 2024, I’m pleased to report that we are on track to achieve our strategic objectives and maintain our long track record of solid operational and financial execution. We remain fully committed to our purpose, serving customers and building stronger communities. Before I highlight some of the recent achievements, I want to briefly address the recent announcement of my retirement plans. Over the past 36 years, I’ve witnessed significant changes within our industry, positive changes that have led to improved service quality for our customers, along with an incredible transformation of how we produce and deliver energy. One thing, however, that has not changed is the incredible talent and dedicated service from our employees. It has been an honor to be part of this company and to work alongside the Alliant Energy team. From my early days as an engineer in Iowa through the merger that created Alliant Energy more than 25 years ago and all the experiences in between, including our expansive and industry-leading investments for the benefit of our customers. Serving customers across Iowa and Wisconsin and working alongside my colleagues has been a privilege. With that, I want to say thank you to everyone I’ve worked with during my tenure at Alliant Energy. Additionally, I’d like to reiterate my previous comments about Lisa. She is an exceptional leader with a well-established track record of success. With her leadership and the talented team at Alliant Energy, we are well positioned to deliver long-term value to our customers, our communities and our shareowners. With customer value in mind, I’m pleased with our efforts in reaching partial settlement in our Iowa rate review in collaboration with several intervening groups, we remain focused on what’s best for our customers, shareowners and the communities we proudly serve providing stability and opportunities for continued economic development and growth. I’ll now turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, John. I’d like to take a moment to recognize John’s outstanding leadership. John’s vision, dedication and passion for our customers and the communities that we serve has laid a strong foundation for our continued success, a focus, which will continue to guide us into the future. John’s foresight and commitment to advancing clean energy solutions, coupled with an acute focus on our customers has left an indelible mark on our organization and communities. Congratulations, John, on your upcoming retirement. I look forward to working with you in your continued role as board share. Building on John’s remarks and before we get into additional updates, we are committed to our long-term 5% to 7% earnings growth target and we are reaffirming our 2024 ongoing EPS guidance range of $2.99 to $3.13. Our confidence in reaffirming the range assumes the following normal weather for the remainder of the year, execution of cost controls and receipt to the timely order from the Iowa Utilities Commission with rates effective October 1. I want to highlight the extraordinary focus the organization has on maintaining the financial discipline needed to deliver on investor and customer expectations. We continue to focus on making capital investments to serve the needs of our customers and communities while also focusing on operational excellence to drive efficiencies within the business. Our team is focused on prioritizing reliability, supporting economic growth in our communities and driving affordability, which gives me confidence in our ability to execute on our plan. Pivoting now to our strategic priorities of driving consistent growth and building stronger communities, our Iowa rate review settlement provides continued regulatory progress. It strikes the right balance between shareholders and customers and uniquely positions ITL to attract economic development growth to our service territory, benefiting customers, shareowners and the state of Iowa. Our settlement in Iowa is a testament to the benefits of parties rolling up their sleeves and coming together to engage in constructive settlement discussions and outcomes. With this settlement, customers will see base rate stability through the end of the decade. Through the individual customer rate construct, ITL will have the ability to move quicker and more nimbly to attract new commercial and industrial customers to the region. Shareowners will retain tax and energy benefits from new generation with the ability to earn a consistent and fair return. Most importantly, Iowa will benefit from economic growth, rate stability and be recognized as the state that is open for business with utilities well positioned to support the evolving needs of its customers and communities. As noted in our news release, the settlement also provides greater flexibility to attract economic development, which is expected to have a positive and meaningful impact on promoting load growth. We have been proactively working to attract new customers in both Iowa and Wisconsin, and we are pleased to announce that we have executed multiple agreements with data centers in both states. Approval by the IUC of the settlement, which includes the individual customer rate construct is necessary for these projects to move forward in Iowa. In our third quarter call, we’ll provide details on the expected customer load commitments and the timing of the energy demands associated with this growth. Locking in both is necessary to drive our resource and CapEx forecast. The interest we have seen is a testament to the value of our incentive rate design structures in Iowa and Wisconsin and the commitment and the hard work of our economic development teams. These rate design structures will fuel our ability to deliver on earnings growth and affordability. To support our economic development aspirations, we have built a strong partnership with both ATC and ITC Midwest to ensure timely interconnection of new loads in our service area. We have prioritized economic development, and we’ll continue to focus on partnering with existing customers looking to grow and attracting new industries to our service territory. The recently passed megasite legislation in Iowa is already yielding interest from large businesses. As a reminder, the legislation is designed to attract projects that span at least 250 acres with investments of at least $1 billion in capital. The incentives are geared towards advanced manufacturing, biosciences and research-based companies locating at a certified site. Moving on to our Clean Energy Blueprint, our resource planning process, we continuously plan ahead for new generation development, identifying sites and strategic transmission interconnections that enable us to be flexible as we respond to load growth and changes in MISO’s capacity accreditation. We understand the importance for our investors to have transparency in our future plans. As such, we will provide updated load forecast, resource needs and CapEx requirements in our third quarter capital expenditure update and in future regulatory filings. Before I turn the call over to Robert, I would like to express my appreciation to our employees, especially our field and operation team members. Thank you for your tireless efforts to ensure our customers have the reliability they expect, a special note of appreciation for those who answered the call for mutual assistance and stepped up to aid our neighboring utilities. This program serves as the cornerstone of the industry, offering a unique framework for rapid coordinated support during emergencies, ensuring reliable service is restored as quickly and safely as possible. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $0.34 per share and ongoing earnings of $0.57 per share. The difference between these two amounts relates to non-recurring charges from legacy assets that were recorded in the second quarter of 2024, which are excluded from our ongoing earnings. First, based on the terms of IPL’s rate review settlement agreement executed in the second quarter, we currently expect to recover return of the remaining net book value of the Lansing Generating Station, but not earn a return on that asset in the future. Because we no longer expect to receive a full return on the asset, we were required to write down the asset in the second quarter, resulting in an after-tax charge of $0.17 per share that we disclosed in an 8-K filed in June. Second, due to the EPA’s recent enactment of the revised coal combustion residual rule, we remeasured our asset retirement obligations related to ash ponds and landfills in the second quarter. A majority of the increase in asset retirement obligations was offset to regulatory assets and property in our balance sheet. The remaining amount related to a portion of two generating stations utilized to serve our steam customers resulted in an after-tax charge of $0.06 per share. IPL has two high-pressure steam customers under contract through 2025, after which time IPL expects to end its steam operations. The coal combustion residual rule is expected to be challenged. We believe we are very well positioned for compliance, whether the rule withstands a challenge or not. The quarter-over-quarter variances in our ongoing earnings per share were mainly driven by the successful execution of WPL’s customer-focused capital investment program, which supported new electric and gas rates that took effect on January 1, and resulted in higher financing and depreciation expenses. In addition, the second quarter 2024 results were impacted by the temporary effects of the timing of income tax expense. This issue in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, I wanted to provide some additional context to the timing of income tax expense. Income tax expenses recorded each quarter based on an estimated annual effective tax rate and the proportion of full year earnings generated each quarter. As shown and quantified on Slide 7 of our supplemental slides, this causes fluctuations in the amount of tax expenses quarter-over-quarter, but it will not have an impact on our full year earnings. To reiterate, the level of our annual tax benefits expected to be generated in 2024 are in-line with our expectations. However, the percentage recognized each quarter is a function of the amount of earnings generated each quarter. Through the first half of this year, approximately 40% of our annual tax benefits have been accrued, setting us up for a larger benefit in the second half of the year, which drives the timing difference for the quarter. Temperature normalized electric sales to residential customers were higher in the first half of 2024 when compared to last year as we continue to experience solid growth in the number of new residential customers in both states. However, these positive residential sales were offset by decreased electric sales in 2024 to a limited number of low-margin industrial customers with their own generation capabilities in Iowa. We continue to make progress with lowering operating expenses at our two utilities to achieve our financial objectives and support customer affordability. In fact, our adjusted operations and maintenance expenses for the first half of 2024 were approximately $20 million less than the first half of 2023. These positive results are due to the ongoing efforts by our employees to identify and execute initiatives that have resulted in meaningful reductions in operating expenses. For the full year, we are reaffirming our ongoing earnings guidance of $2.99 to $3.13 per share, which excludes the two non-recurring charges I discussed earlier. Details on our second quarter earnings drivers and 2024 full earnings guidance can be found on Slides 5 and 6. Turning to cash flows. During the first half of 2024, cash flows from operations increased by approximately $250 million when compared to last year. These strong cash flows demonstrate the strength of our ongoing business. The increased cash flows were primarily due to WPL’s electric gas rate increases, which were effective January 1 of this year, the successful execution of our tax credit monetization program and improvements in working capital. Looking forward, we expect continued improvements in our cash flow metrics as a result of the aforementioned drivers. Through the first 7 months of this year, we have monetized over $130 million in tax credits. The strength of our renewable fleet in both Iowa and Wisconsin positions us well for generating significant tax credits and ensuring our customers and investors realize the value of these investments. We have executed a substantial portion of our 2024 financing plan to fund our investments in renewable and battery projects and to support refinancing $800 million in debt maturities this year. In addition to successful debt issuances in the first quarter, we issued $375 million of long-term debt at Alliant Energy Finance in June. Our overall financing plan for 2024 remains unchanged, including 1 remaining plan financing for up to $700 million of long-term debt at IPL in part to refinance $500 million in debt that matures in December. In the second quarter of 2024, we also closed on the sales of 125 megawatts of our West Riverside natural gas facility, providing proceeds, which will help reduce our external financing requirements. The sales of these partial interest in West Riverside were anticipated in our plans and providing combined proceeds of $123 million. Shifting to our regulatory initiatives. We continue to make good progress on our notable regulatory initiatives for 2024 shown on Slide 8. Lisa provided the highlights of IPL’s rate review settlement agreement executed in the second quarter. The hearing for the rate review was completed in July, and the final order is currently expected from the Utilities Commission in August or September. We are also making progress with several key regulatory proceedings in Wisconsin. Last month, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approved a reconciliation of actual fuel costs to the authorized fuel recoveries in WPL’s 2023 fuel cost plan. For the order, WPL will refund $34 million to its Wisconsin electric customers in the fourth quarter of this year, helping lower customer bills. Continuing with our Wisconsin jurisdiction, we have two filings requesting authority for additional investments in existing generation stations that are pending decisions from the PSCW, enhancements to the Riverside generation station and the proposed repowering of the [indiscernible] wind facility. We expect decisions from the PSCW on these two filings in 2025. We appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. As always, our Investor Relations materials are available on our website. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to John for his closing remarks.
John Larsen: Thank you, Robert. As you heard today, Alliant Energy is well positioned for the future. Before I turn the call back to the operator, let me take a minute and summarize the key takeaways. We are reaffirming our 2024 ongoing earnings guidance range. We’ve made great progress with the regulatory and economic development, positioning us for long-term growth and we are looking forward to sharing progress updates on our Clean Energy Blueprint and economic development efforts as we lead up to the fall EEI conference. I want to thank my colleagues for their collaboration and customer focus, which have strengthened the communities we proudly serve. I also want to thank the investors and analysts for your support of Alliant Energy. I look forward to the next chapter and continuing to serve Alliant Energy in my role as Board Chairman. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nathan Richardson: Hey, good morning. It’s actually Nathan Richardson on for Nick. I was just wondering – sorry, I was wondering for Slide 8, you say modest equity needs to maintain 40% to 45% paired equity structure. I was wondering if you could quantify that a little bit more and maybe some more color on how we can think about that?
Robert Durian: Yes, Nathan, this is Robert. Yes, I think of that as right now, we currently have a shareowner direct plan where we’re issuing approximately $25 million a year. And so we see that to extend into the foreseeable future. That’s really the only material equity needs that we have planned at this stage. I will say that we’re going to continue to monitor that and as we’ll talk maybe further here, we do expect to refresh our capital expenditure plans in November as part of the initial updates that we do on an annual basis. And as part of that process, we may revisit that. But largely based on kind of future capital needs.
Nathan Richardson: Got it. That’s super helpful. Thank you. And then one more in terms of weather headwinds year-to-date, I was wondering where – if you wouldn’t mind, where you’re tracking in the ‘24 range right now?
Robert Durian: Yes. So a great question. So as we think about 2024, there’s a lot of moving parts to the earnings this year. We talked a little bit about the non-recurring charges, which we consider related to legacy assets, not reflective of what we should expect in our ongoing earnings. So we excluded that. We also have a temporary issue as it relates to the income tax expense that we will see reverse here later this year. And then really after you get through those unusual items, you really focus on the key drivers for the earnings so far this year have been the temperatures to date. We’ve seen about a $0.10 reduction in earnings through the first half of the year, most of that was recorded in the first quarter, but some modest levels in the second quarter as well. As we look at that, we are working and the team has been very successful in identifying opportunities to offset some of those costs to this date. We have line of sight to about half of the offsets there that we need to offset those temperature impacts and the team continues to work on that. So, that gives us the confidence to reaffirm the guidance of 2.99 to 3.13, and we will continue to work on that as we go through the rest of the year.
Nathan Richardson: Awesome. Thank you again everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Good morning and congratulations again for John.
John Larsen: Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question, Lisa, if you could clarify, I just want to make sure I think you said you will be in a position to announce some data center customers or contracts by the third quarter call, or maybe you could just elaborate or were you just talking about updated load forecast perhaps. What was it that you were foreshadowing?
Lisa Barton: So, it’s really all of the above. So, in terms of how our process works, Andrew, we thoroughly vet all economic development inquiries that come. We have executed multiple agreements with data centers to-date. Obviously, these are all confidential. And once we feel that we have certainty with respect to the amount of the load and the timing of the load, we will announce those projects. What we will be doing as both I and Robert mentioned is, putting all of that together at our third quarter earnings call, really in prep for EEI. So, we will then be sharing what’s the load, what’s the timing, what are the resources needed to fill those obligations and the CapEx that supports all of that growth.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. So, typical cadence of the updates, but we will have a bit more juice or color or detail in terms of some of these economic development updates. Is that kind of what you are saying?
Lisa Barton: Exactly. And as a reminder, with our clean energy blueprint, we did something unique this year where in both Wisconsin and Iowa, we are looking at three different load levels, and low, medium and high. And why we are doing that is that allows us to identify the resource needs once we have settled in on the load and the timing. So, we are very well positioned for us to be communicating our plans at EEI.
Andrew Weisel: Sounds great, definitely looking forward to that. Then a couple of questions on the Iowa settlement if I may. First, when you think the years 3 to 5, 5 years certainly a long stay out. What are the upside and downside risks to the earned ROE relative to be allowed? In other words, you have this earnings sharing mechanisms, under what scenario might you see the earned ROE exceed be allowed, or what might you – under what scenario might you under-earn, and are there any off-prem, so to speak, where you might need some relief, for example, if we went into a hypothetical deep recession in 2 years?
Lisa Barton: Great question. So, I will start off with answering that, and then I will turn it over to Robert for filling in on some of the details. The way that I really see that Iowa rate review settlement, it’s a flywheel effect, and it’s fueled very much by economic development. Therefore, successful in capturing economic development activities, then that’s going to continue to fuel affordability and our ability to work within the provisions of the stay out. Our share owners are going to benefit from the tax benefits and energy benefits during that period. And I will note this, it is a very similar model that MidAm has been operating with very successfully over the past 10 years. So, it’s not new to the state, it’s something that is familiar to the commission, which is why we are very bullish on it. Robert, why don’t you talk a little bit of some of the off ramps that we have.
Robert Durian: Yes. So, when we structured the agreements with the intervening parties as part of the settlement agreements, we did take into consideration that situation that you described, Andrew, and there is a provision within the agreement, if you read into the details of it that allow us to come back in for a rate case if our ROEs fall below a certain level, either on an annual basis or over a 2-year period. And so we feel like that will protect us well in case of any significant decrease, but we remain pretty optimistic about the upside opportunities as Lisa described, with the ability to capture some of this new data center load growth and benefit from that as well as what I would say is more of an innovative model that allows us to keep the tax benefits and the energy margins and the capacity revenues related to new generation as well as the tax benefits from any repowering opportunities that we may have over that opportunity. So, that gives us some level of optimism for that period.
Andrew Weisel: Very innovative and very reassuring. Thank you. One last one, if I may. On advanced ratemaking, I know there was some confusion or noise, and I am using those terms generously in the past about how that was applied to certain projects. Can you talk about how advanced ratemaking was discussed in the settlement and how you expect it to be applied going forward?
Robert Durian: Yes. Andrew, we didn’t get into a lot of details on the events. We are making principles in the settlement. As you may recall, there is legislation that’s been recently passed in Iowa that expands the eligibility of ratemaking principles to include not only renewables, but now also energy storage facilities as well as nuclear. So, I would say it opens us up for some additional opportunities over the next few years, mainly related to what I would say, larger gas projects, renewable projects as well as now battery projects.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing, Andrew, that I would add is that my big takeaway with Iowa is, Iowa is open for business. When you look at the combination of the mega site legislation, you look at the changes to the advanced rate making, it really expands it to more resources as well as the movement that the state has made with respect to taxes that are paid by customers, it’s really a state that is dedicated to economic development, which we see as very good for us and that we are well positioned to support that growth.
Andrew Weisel: Good stuff. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will move next with Paul Zimbardo with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Good morning team.
Lisa Barton: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: The first that was hopefully a small clarification, with respect to the two steam customer contracts you talked about through 2025 that are ending, is there any ongoing earnings impact to think about from those?
Robert Durian: Yes. Paul, think of that as a fairly modest portion of the earnings profile of IPL historically. And so I do not think of that as a significant impact. We actually structured the agreements to end in 2025, and we get the depreciation expense to end as well because will be fully depreciated the steam assets. So, the ongoing impact should not be material.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. And then not to fall on the bigger EEI update coming. But is there any way to kind of frame the scope of the capital needs, maybe like how much generation length you have under the current plan, before factoring in the data centers? Any kind of flavor of like what kind of the system needs could be on the generation side would be helpful.
Lisa Barton: We don’t have specifics on that. What we can say, Paul, is that we are feeling very well positioned for that. If you think about a premium utility, looking kind of out into the future, that is really a utility that has significant load growth to drive affordability, that ability to capture economic development, whether it would be data centers, onshoring and so forth and we feel very well positioned in that space. We have got land. We have got transmission access. We have got flexible rate mechanisms in states that are supportive of economic development. And so as we look at that more broadly, to unlock that potential for shareholders who really need that utility that’s focused on customers and communities, which we are, those mechanisms and constructive regulatory jurisdictions. We know that for you all to have this information in the model, you need as much transparency as possible, but we really want to make sure that you have got the right information for that, and that is best served by us, first having the details of the load, the timing of the load and then the resources that we need. I will say this about both Iowa and Wisconsin. The clean energy blueprint, that resource planning mechanism that we have is very flexible and it offers more flexibility than I think is there with a lot of peers in the industry. And so it puts us in a very good position to be able to grow in scale completely in line with the needs of our customers and communities.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Great. Thank you. We at least had to try. Thanks.
Lisa Barton: I know you do.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will move next with Alex Mortimer with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Alex Mortimer: Hi. Good morning team.
Lisa Barton: Good morning Alex.
Alex Mortimer: So, I know you say you will get a more holistic update in the fall. But maybe just directionally, how should we think about the update to your load growth forecast? You have a regional peer highlighting somewhere in the 4.5% to 5% range potentially. Does that seem reasonable to you, or are there puts and takes that may have you above or below those levels, especially as you highlight some of the updates in Iowa that do seem very bullish for your loan growth prospects?
Lisa Barton: Really all is a matter of timing. And so yes, again, as soon as we have that information, we will be putting it out.
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Thank you so much. That’s all I had.
Operator: And we show no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Lisa Barton: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: This does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead. 
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Executive Chairman; Lisa Barton, President and CEO and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John, Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. 
 We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter financial results. This release as well as the earnings presentation will be referenced during today's call and are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. 
 Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. 
 Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. References to adjusted earnings exclude temperature impacts and any non-GAAP adjustments. 
 At this point, I will turn the call over to John. 
John Larsen: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are excited to share some key milestones and provide updates on several areas of the business today. 2024 is off to a solid start, and we remain committed to achieving our strategic objectives while continuing our long track record of solid operational and financial execution. 
 Our company's purpose serving customers and building stronger communities remains at the center of everything we do. I will highlight a few of our key 2024 achievements and then turn the call over to Lisa and Robert to provide more updates as well as additional details relating to our operations financial performance and key regulatory matters. 
 I'll start by highlighting the successful execution of our strategic solar investments. These investments play an important role in our balanced generation portfolio, a portfolio that delivers safe, resilient and reliable energy to our customers. 
 Our final solar project in Wisconsin is near completion, which signifies the culmination of our planned 1.1 gigawatts of solar investment in the state and providing long-term value to our customers. The completion of this investment solidifies our position as the largest owner-operator of solar generation in Wisconsin. 
 When constructing our renewable generation, we follow the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure framework called Envision. Using this framework, we design projects to enhance environmental, social and economic impacts. I'm pleased to report that so far, we've received platinum Envision certification for 4 of our Wisconsin solar projects. 
 We also made progress on our solar investments in Iowa, our 50-megawatt solar project in Linn County just outside of Cedar Rapids is now operational, and we remain on track for completing the remaining 350 megawatts in the state by the end of 2024. 
 These strategic investments in solar energy are enhancing customer value by providing 0 fuel cost resources, tax credits and creating a more balanced energy mix for our customers. This balance is critical to delivering reliable and resilient energy to our customers. And in addition, these solar projects contribute to local economies by generating new job opportunities and revenues. 
 Another exciting milestone for our company is achieving the halfway mark on our commitment to planting 1 million trees, 1 tree for every electric customer. The effort is to plant these trees is rooted in our commitment to our customers and the communities we proudly serve. 
 Before I turn it over to Lisa, I want to share some exciting recognition we've recently received. We've been named to Newsweek's list of most trustworthy companies in America for the third year in a row. And for the second year in a row, we earn the highly coveted Vets Indexes Employer Award, recognizing our focus on hiring, retaining and supporting our veterans and the military connected community. 
 A special thank you to our dedicated veterans. Thank you for your service. I'm grateful to all our employees for their strong commitment to our customers and their continued dedication to delivering outstanding service to the communities we serve. 
 I'm proud to work for this company and proud of what we have accomplished as a team. Our investment thesis continues to produce consistent performance. We are well positioned for growth and excited for the future. I'll now turn the call over to Lisa. 
Lisa Barton: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As John stated, we had a solid start to the year, and we are well positioned to achieve our 2024 earnings and growth objectives. Warmer-than-normal temperatures impacted our first quarter earnings, reflecting similar temperatures experienced in the broader region. 
 It is early in the year, and we have focused our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business and have already made progress implementing cost controls and executing on our customer investments in accordance with our plan.
 As John mentioned, we have a long track record of consistent operational and financial execution, a principal reason for your confidence in Alliant Energy. Delivering on the expectations of our customers, communities, regulators and investors is foundational for Alliant Energy, and we are committed to continuing to evolve and adapt to meet those expectations on a year-over-year basis. Executing on our investment strategy is key to our ongoing success. 
 Building on John's comments about our notable solar progress, we are on track to surpass the 3 gigawatt mark of clean, 0 fuel cost energy resources for our customers. In addition to our utility-scale solar investments, we remain committed to partnering with local businesses interested in hosting solar projects. For example, in Iowa, we recently broke ground on 4 customer-hosted solar projects in Grinell. 
 Alliance Energy operates in business-friendly states that are well positioned for growth and economic development. Recently passed legislation in both states will establish Iowa and Wisconsin for accelerated economic growth opportunities. 
 In Wisconsin, the sales and use tax exemption for data centers supports a traction of these types of customers. The IRA conformance bill aligns federal and state tax policies, enabling a smooth transfer of renewable credits to Wisconsin companies and the electric vehicle bill is intended to advance fleet electrification efforts across the state. 
 In Iowa, two key pieces of legislation were signed into law. The mega project build provides incentives to attract large businesses to our pre-review industrial center in AMES and Big Cedar Industrial Center in Cedar Rapids currently meet the criteria specified in the legislation. 
 The public utilities build makes nuclear and electric storage eligible technologies for advanced ratemaking. This legislation is a clear articulation of the state's support to grow business in the state and to ensure a diverse range of resources are developed to support that growth. 
 I'm proud of our team's impactful and proactive engagement with the legislatures. The implementation of these business-friendly policies will foster an environment conducive to growth opportunities, help us attract new companies to the area and support growth in the communities we serve. 
 Iowa and Wisconsin are open for business and Alliance Energy is here to support not only the customers we currently serve but also to ensure that we are supporting the needs of future customers and community growth across our service territory. 
 Looking ahead, we are evolving and refining our clean energy blueprint. This evaluation is a necessary step as we focus on balancing our energy mix creating greater grid reliability, ensuring customer affordability and addressing MISO's resource adequacy needs. 
 The results of our updated resource plan will be included in our third quarter capital expenditure update. 
 Our open and transparent resource planning process allows us to be nimble in responding and preparing for the needs of our customers and communities. Another key differentiator in the states we serve ensuring our ability to be nimble, support and grow with our customers. 
 Before I turn the call over to Robert, I want to reiterate that we are well positioned to deliver on both customer and investor expectations. We've implemented significant measures to mitigate risk while enhancing reliability. As we continue to execute our strategy, we're uniquely positioned to quickly adapt to a dynamic environment.
 I would like to echo John's appreciation for our employees who make what we do possible and ensure our continued ability to deliver outstanding value to our customers and meet investor expectations. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Durian: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2024 earnings of $0.62 per share compared to first quarter 2023 earnings of $0.65 per share. The quarter-over-quarter variances were mainly driven by the successful execution of WPL's customer-focused capital investment program, which supported new electric and gas rates that took effect on January 1, and the higher financing and depreciation expenses associated with such capital investments. 
 However, the quarter-over-quarter variances were also impacted by historically mild temperatures. Our service territory experienced the warmest first quarter on record for both Cedar Rapids and Madison since 2012. 
 Temperature impacts decreased Alliant Energy's earnings by approximately $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2024. In comparison, temperature impacts decreased Alliant Energy's earnings in the first quarter of 2023 by $0.04 per share. Temperature normalized electric sales to Wisconsin retail customers were relatively flat in the first quarter of 2024. 
 In Iowa, residential sales were higher in the first quarter of 2024 when compared to last year. We continued to experience solid growth in the number of residential customers in both states. However, these positive drivers were offset by decreased electric sales to commercial and industrial customers in Iowa largely due to lower sales to lower-margin cogeneration customers. 
 We continue to make progress with lowering operating expenses to achieve our financial objectives and support customer affordability. In fact, first quarter 2024 other operation and maintenance expenses were almost $15 million less than the first quarter of 2023. 
 Through our diverse generation portfolio, and execution of our robust fuel risk management programs, we are also keeping natural gas and electric energy costs in check. Our natural gas customers benefited from this trend as average retail builds in the first quarter of 2024 were approximately 25% lower than the first quarter of 2023. 
 Turning to cash flows. First quarter 2024 cash flows from operations increased by over $100 million when compared to last year. This increase was primarily due to the timing of WPL's fuel-related cost recoveries and WPL's electric and gas rate increases, which were effective January 1 of this year. 
 Looking forward, we expect continued improvement in our cash flow metrics as a result of the aforementioned drivers as well as increasing levels of tax credit monetization. 
 We recently executed agreements on tax credit transfers that cover both 2024 and '25 credits expected to be generated at WPL and IPO. We are also making progress in executing our $1.7 billion financing plans for 2024, largely to fund our investments in renewable and battery projects and support refinancing $800 million in debt maturities this year. 
 To date, we have issued a $300 million green bond at WPL and refinanced our $300 million term loan at Alliant Energy Finance. Later this quarter, we expect to receive approximately $120 million from the sales of partial interest in West Riverside. And this year, we expect to raise approximately $25 million in equity under our DRIP plan. 
 Finally, I will highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress as well as some regulatory filings we plan to initiate later this year. IPL's rate reviews continue to advance through their procedural schedules. As a reminder, we filed electric and gas rate reviews in Iowa last year. 
 These rate reviews focus on recovery of customer-focused investments in Iowa that support building a more reliable, sustainable and resilient energy future. Strengthening the energy grid as energy demand and extreme weather threats increase and diversifying our generation resources. 
 Last month, interveners in IPL's electric and gas rate review proceeding filed their direct testimony. We were not surprised by the interveners comments as divergent viewpoints are a normal part of the process. We stand by the investments we have made on behalf of our customers and believe in the merits of the case that we put before the Iowa Utilities Board. We look forward to working with the interveners as the process continues. 
 On Slide 10, we have provided the procedural schedule to help monitor the progress of the rate review proceedings. Under Iowa statutes, rate reviews must generally be decided within 10 months after the filing. Therefore, we anticipate a decision in the third quarter of this year. We have requested new rates to be implemented effective October 1. 
 Turning to Wisconsin. We have two pending proceedings in progress. We filed our annual Wisconsin fuel reconciliation for 2023 in the first quarter. At the conclusion of the fuel reconciliation process, we expect to refund over $30 million to our Wisconsin customers. And we requested authority to invest in reliability enhancements at our Riverside Generating Station. We are anticipating decisions from the PSCW on both of these dockets later this year. 
 Turning to our planned regulatory filings in 2024. We expect to make regulatory filings in both Iowa and Wisconsin later this year. For additional renewables and dispatchable resources, following our routine continuous modeling updates of our Clean Energy Blueprint. We expect these projects will enhance reliability as well as further diversify and balance our energy resources to meet customer energy needs. 
 In closing, we are positioning for another year of consistent 5% to 7% growth in adjusted earnings per share. We are reaffirming our 2024 earnings guidance range of $2.99 to $3.13 per share. As a reminder, our guidance is based on constructive and timely outcomes of our regulatory proceedings, execution of cost controls and normal weather in our service territory for the remainder of the year. 
 We will continue to manage our business to mitigate ongoing inflationary pressures, enable operational efficiency and deliver long-term consistency. 
 We very much appreciate the continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you later this month. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. 
Andrew Weisel: Good morning. First, a question on economic development efforts. A lot of good details there. Thank you for the info. I know you have 16 big sites and the new legislation in Wisconsin weighs sales and use tax for data centers and all the other attractive features. 
 I guess qualitatively, what types of customers are you looking to attract? Is it exclusively data centers or other types? And I'm assuming these would be customers with large capacity needs. How do you think about the need for additional generation to service those? And then in timing, any thoughts on how soon we might see announcements? 
Lisa Barton: Great question, and thank you for it. We are open for all types of economic development opportunities in our territory. We have had a fair amount of success with respect to biofuels, great biofuel companies have located in our service territory, particularly in Iowa as well as manufacturing. Data centers are also potential customers for us as we look towards the future. 
 One of the things that I think is a real strategic advantage for customers locating in both Iowa and Wisconsin is the fact that we do not have a litigated IRP process. That means we can be very nimble in adapting to the needs of our customers that choose to locate in our service territory. 
 Because we use the clean energy blueprint, it's our open and transparent process of providing discussions with respect to generation, it's not through any kind of formal process or review that other states have. 
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And timing? 
Lisa Barton: So we're in the process this year in both Wisconsin and in Iowa of reviewing our Clean Energy Blueprint. So that's something that we are currently in the process of and we'll have any updates with respect to our capital forecast at the end of the third quarter. 
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Next, I want to ask about the agreement you've entered to sell the tax credit. Can you quantify that? You mentioned you'll generate around $400 million this year. Are you fully committed for about $400 million this year and next? 
Robert Durian: Yes. Great question. This is Robert. So yes, just to give you a sense of where we've been with tax credit transfers, we really see this as a great opportunity to both lower customer costs because we'll be reducing the carrying cost for our tax credit carryforwards. It also provides a lot of cash flows, as you indicated, which helps reduce some of the external financing requirements as well as improve our FFO to debt metrics. 
 We have completed the sales of all of the 2023 generating tax credits. I think of that as roughly $120-some million. And then as you think about 2024, 2025 and going forward, it's going to continue to increase. What we've indicated is roughly somewhere north of $200 million for 2024 tax credits. Growing to somewhere between $300 million to $400 million in 2025. 
 As we continue to build out the solar projects that was mentioned by Lisa as well as continue to implement battery projects that have ITCs associated with them, those will continue to grow. 
 And so we feel very well positioned. The team has done an excellent job of working with different counterparties and negotiating very what I would say fair rates that will be, like I said, cost-effective for our customers. We're also monitoring different guidance that comes from the treasury the IRS periodically. 
 And just more recently, there's some more flexibility with normalization rules on ITC. So the team is currently evaluating might that provide some additional opportunities for us when it relates to PTCs versus ITCs for some projects. 
Andrew Weisel: Very good. One more, if I can squeeze it in. Any update on the timing for approvals for your proposed energy dome? I think you're waiting to hear about a DOE grant, but with Columbia slated to retire in mid-2026, how does that timing look? 
Robert Durian: Yes, I would expect that sometime later this year. We do have to file for regulatory approval in the State of Wisconsin for that through the PSCW. And so Normally, that will take up to a year to get completed. And so expect the filings to be made later this year and then hopefully, we'll learn by early 2025, the completion of that. 
Andrew Weisel: Great. A lot of good things to look forward to in the coming months. Thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. 
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. In the -- in the advanced ratemaking proceeding, I think you reached a partial settlement in Iowa. If you were to settle, would you expect a settlement to be a partial settlement or unanimous settlement? 
Lisa Barton: Good morning, Paul. Good to have you here today. So with respect to -- if we were to have a settlement on the rate review in Iowa, we would expect that to be a total settlement rather than a partial settlement. But currently, the time to watch is mid-May to mid-June. That's the settlement window opportunity. 
 The advanced ratemaking that you were referencing, that was last year, the determination as to whether we're at the 10.25% or the $10.75 million that we had in the last settlement would likely be a part of any settlement that we would have. 
Paul Fremont: Great. And then my other question is you mentioned that there's no required IRP in Iowa. Was there testimony at some point earlier this year before the commission, where I think parties may have recommended that Iowa implement an IRP process? And maybe if you could tell us where that stands. 
Lisa Barton: Good memory, Paul. Yes, it was actually part of some legislation that was circulated and that did not go forward. Iowa recognizes the need for the utilities in Iowa to be flexible with respect to the generation. And in fact, we saw the advanced ratemaking and expansion to batteries and to nuclear investments on a going-forward basis. 
Operator: Miss Gille, there are no further questions at this time. 
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year-End 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Executive Chairman; Lisa Barton, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John, Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end financial results. This release as well as an earnings presentation will be referenced during today's call and are available on the Investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. References to adjusted earnings exclude non-GAAP adjustments as well as net temperature impacts. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release which is available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. 2023 was another successful year. Our adjusted earnings of $2.88 which excludes temperature impacts and non-GAAP adjustments, continued to deliver on our 5% to 7% long-term growth expectations. We take exceptional pride in delivering on our purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities and consistently achieving our earnings growth objectives. As we look back at 2023, I'm proud we can say, once again, we achieved EPS growth of at least 5%, our 14th straight year of delivering on that objective. We increased our dividend with 2023 marking the 20th straight year of dividend increases. We successfully executed on one of the largest capital expenditure programs in our history. And as of the end of 2023, nearly 30% of our electric distribution system is underground, improving reliability and reducing operating expenses. I will now highlight a few of our many 2023 accomplishments and then turn it over to Lisa and Robert to provide details on our 2023 regulatory operating and financial results. Throughout 2023, our team demonstrated their dedication and resilience as we faced a dynamic economic environment and weather-related challenges, while also successfully advancing our customer-focused investments. We made notable progress on our generation investments. An example is the progress we made in Wisconsin on our utility scale solar projects. As of today, over 90% of our solar investments are complete and in operation and we expect to be 100% complete later this spring. These strategic investments enhance customer value by providing access to zero cost fuel resources and diversify our energy mix. Also supports our local economies through new jobs and tax revenues. In addition, our wind and solar investments generate renewable tax credits that provide even more benefits to our customers. In 2023, we executed agreements to transfer those credits, improving our cash flow and providing us greater flexibility in our financing plans. Our technology investments and undergrounding efforts place Alliant Energy among the top performers for electric reliability when compared to peer U.S. utilities. Through these investments, we are better positioned to provide our customers with the high level of reliability they expect. Reflecting on the past year and with my tenure as CEO concluding as of year-end 2023, I wish to express my profound pride in all our employees who consistently embody our purpose and values. Each and every day, our employees bring our purpose-driven strategy to life, serving our customers and helping to build stronger communities. I am proud to acknowledge the outstanding contributions of our engineers whose work to innovate and advance our industry will be celebrated next week during National Engineers Week. I'd like to thank our customer service team for consistently going above and beyond as they assist our customers and a sincere thank you to our dedicated crews and support staff for their unwavering commitment to excellence and for being the driving force behind our operating success. In closing, I'd like to extend one more congratulations to Lisa. Her thoughtful leadership, care for the customer and industry knowledge will guide Alliant Energy into the next phase of its journey. I look forward to collaborating with her and the team for continued success in 2024. Now, I'll hand the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, John. I'm honored for the opportunity to build on your legacy of growth and exceptional service to the communities we are so privileged to serve. As I reflect on 2023, I am appreciative of our employees for their ongoing determination and commitment to serving our customers and strengthening our communities. I'll begin by building on John's comments about our notable progress on our generation transformation in Wisconsin, where we recently brought eight solar projects online, a huge milestone. We are currently leveraging the sun in Wisconsin to fuel nearly 900 megawatts for customers. This will increase to nearly 1.1 gigawatts this spring when our final Wisconsin solar project becomes operational. Coupled with our plans to bring 400 megawatts of solar online in Iowa this year, by year-end, nearly 1,500 of additional megawatts of the energy our customers use will be from clean, zero fuel cost energy resource. In addition to our utility scale solar investments, we continue to partner with local businesses and communities interested in hosting solar projects. our customer-hosted projects help local businesses achieve their clean energy goals while community solar projects provide all customers with affordable options to participate in the solar revolution. In Cedar Rapids, our Community solar garden is fully operational and will soon be generating bill credits for all solar block purchasers. Our Janesville Solar Garden in Wisconsin now has an anchor tenant JP Cullen and construction is set to begin this spring. We have additional customer hosted projects underway and expect they'll be operational before summer. We made great progress in our clean energy transformation in 2023. We retired the last coal unit at Lansing which had dutifully served our customers and communities for nearly 50 years. The retirement reduces O&M costs and advances us towards a cleaner, more efficient and cost-effective energy mix. At the same time, we continue to see the frequency and duration of outages in our service footprint steadily declined, a 20-year trend that we expect will continue as we continue focusing on improving reliability and system resilience to meet the expectations of the customers we serve. We began the process to repower the Franklin County Wind project in Iowa to increase the efficiency of our fleet. This investment will provide our customers with many more years of production tax credits. On the environmental front, we completed closure work at 29 surface impoundments across 10 sites, eliminating all Alliant Energy ash funds [ph] in Iowa and Wisconsin. With these 2023 accomplishments, coupled with our planned investments in dispatchable gas generation, battery storage and wind repowering, we are well on our way of enabling a successful and responsible clean energy transition while assuring we are addressing our system resiliency needs. Looking forward, we continue to plan for the future by evolving and refining our clean energy blueprint, taking into account dynamic economic developments, evolving energy technologies and the emerging needs of the communities we serve. It is a necessary step as we look to balance our energy mix create greater grid reliability, ensure customer affordability and address MISO's resource adequacy needs. 2023 was a record year for us for economic development activities with more than 130 megawatts of announced new load across our footprint, primarily in the manufacturing sector. With a capital investment of approximately $3.8 billion, these projects are expected to create more than 4,000 new local jobs. Going forward, we will continue to pursue opportunities for new customer growth at our industrial parks as we strive to build and support stronger communities. Our strong customer and community focus were contributing factors in recently being named a top utility by Business Facilities Magazine for the fourth year in a row. Alliance Energy received a number of recognitions this past year, a few of them, including ones that focus on our employees' dedication to creating a welcoming and inclusive workplace are highlighted on Slide 5. Earlier this week, we announced the retirement of Terry Kouba, President of IPL. In early March, Terry will be celebrating his 43rd year with the company and has been a thoughtful, respected and customer-focused leader of our Iowa operations. We are grateful for his service and dedication to Alliant Energy, our customers, communities and employees. As we celebrate Terry's well-deserved retirement, we are advancing our succession plan by appointing May Farlinger to the position of President of IPL effective May 1. May have spent her career at Alliant Energy serving in several leadership roles. We are confident in her ability to lead our dedicated team of professionals in Iowa. As we move forward in 2024, I have every confidence we will continue to take the required actions to meet our customer needs and deliver on investor expectations. We are well positioned to quickly adapt to a dynamic environment as we execute our strategy for generating clean, reliable and affordable energy. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2023 adjusted earnings of $2.88 per share compared to adjusted earnings of $2.73 per share in 2022. This represents a 5.5% increase in earnings, consistent with our long-term earnings growth target of 5% to 7%. Adjusted earnings exclude the impacts of both nonrecurring adjustments and temperatures. As a reminder, we do not manage our business to offset the temporary positive or negative impacts of temperatures on sales. We manage the business to deliver long-term consistency and enable operational efficiency. Adjusted earnings year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher revenue requirements and AFUDC from capital investments, including the progress by our teams on our solar projects in Wisconsin and Iowa and lower operating and maintenance expenses at IPL and WPL resulting from our employees' focus on cost controls. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher financing and depreciation expenses associated with our customer-focused capital expenditure programs. The 2023 results we are sharing today are a result of our consistent efforts to manage through and mitigate ongoing inflationary pressures. We're extremely proud that our 2023 O&M expenses were approximately $30 million less than 2022, allowing us to help offset the negative impacts on earnings from rising financing and depreciation expenses. Year-over-year sales changes in 2023 were largely impacted by temperature changes. Net temperature impacts decreased Alliant Energy's earnings by approximately $0.06 per share in 2023. In comparison, net temperatures increased Alliant Energy earnings in 2022 by $0.07 per share. Temperature normalized electric sales to our retail customers were relatively flat in 2023 when compared to 2022. We experienced growth in a number of residential customers as well as higher sales from plant expansions in Wisconsin. However, these positive drivers were offset by lower electric sales to industrial customers in Iowa due to plant closures and maintenance outages. Turning to cash flows. 2023 cash flows from operations increased by almost $400 million when compared to 2022. This substantial increase was primarily due to the timing of WPL's fuel-related cost recoveries and monetization of approximately $100 million of tax credits in December. This increase resulted in a material increase in our key cash flow metrics in 2023. I'm also pleased to report that our investing cash flows in 2023, aligned with our projected capital expenditures set at the beginning of the year, due to the successful execution of our key construction projects. Turning to 2024, we are positioned for another year of consistent 5% to 7% growth in adjusted earnings per share. We are affirming our 2024 earnings guidance range of $2.99 to $3.13 per share. Our efforts to support customer value by making smart investments in our future and controlling operating costs, while receiving constructive regulatory outcomes support our ability to consistently deliver solid financial results. Our financing plans for 2024 include $1.7 billion of new debt, largely to finance our investments in renewable and battery projects and support refinancing $800 million in debt maturities this year. We also expect to raise approximately $25 million in new common equity under our DRIP plan and received approximately $120 million from the sales of partial interest in West Riverside. In addition, we expect to generate and transfer more than $200 million of renewable tax credits in 2024 to reduce financing needs. With the implementation of our new solar projects and the repowering of our older, vintage wind facilities, we anticipate the increased production tax credits and reduced fuel costs will help offset the impact of additional renewable rate base, rendering these new investments, cost-effective solutions for our customers. This will result in long-term benefits for our customers and long-term value for our shareowners. Our customers experience the benefits of a diverse generation portfolio in 2023 as the average retail electric rates declined for our Iowa customers due to lower fuel costs. And in Wisconsin, we ended the year in an over-collected position for fuel costs when compared to the 2023 monitoring level. As a result, we plan to refund $34 million back to our Wisconsin retail electric customers in the future. We are also continuing to be well positioned to capture additional benefits for our customers from the Inflation Reduction Act and other government programs. These additional benefits include applying for lower-cost federal funding and infrastructure grants, including a grant from the DOE for long-duration energy storage in Wisconsin. We are also maximizing tax benefits by meeting tax credit added requirements and continuing the monetization of tax credits which materially improves our cash flow and credit metrics as well as reduces our future financing needs. Finally, I will highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress as well as those regulatory filings we plan to initiate in 2024. We filed rate reviews in both states in 2023 and received a written order in December for the Wisconsin rate review with new rates effective January 1 of this year. And in Iowa, our electric and gas rate review is proceeding as expected with the decision anticipated in the third quarter of this year. The IUB recently finalized the procedural schedule is included on Slide 11. We have two additional pending proceedings in Wisconsin. First, we requested authority to increase the efficiency, capacity and reliability of our Neenah and Sheboygan Falls gas generating units. And second, we filed a joint application to sell an additional 125 megawatts of the West Riverside facility to WEC Energy and Madison Gas and Electric. We are anticipating decisions from the PSCW on both of these applications by the end of the second quarter. Turning to our planned regulatory filings in 2024. We expect to make regulatory filings in both Iowa and Wisconsin for additional renewables and dispatchable resources following our routine, continuous modeling updates of our Clean Energy Blueprint. We expect these projects will enhance reliability, further diversify our energy resources and meet customer energy needs. We very much appreciate the continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question would be from Shahriar Pourreza at Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Now that we've got a schedule, obviously, it was in the prepared remarks, right, the schedule for Iowa. Can you just maybe speak to the prospects for a settlement, when would that window be for that to occur?
Lisa Barton: Sure. So I mean, we're feeling very good about where we are with respect to IPL. Everything is going as expected, the schedule on track. If you're looking at a settlement window, it's really any time after the intervenor testimony is submitted through that June 18 deadline.
Shahriar Pourreza: And Lisa, there was a report from the IUB to the legislator last December, kind of discussing ratemaking reforms, PBRs, multiyear plans and other sort of potential policy updates. Is that a process you're involved in sort of at this point? And could we see something come out of the session?
Lisa Barton: So those recommendations actually have been out for the legislature to consider. As we look at our legislative priorities this year, the mega site development to support economic development is top of mind for us, advancing the advanced ratemaking for alternative technologies. One of the elements that has been brought up in the legislature is asking for a contested IRP and that is something that we are not supportive of. We have been very transparent in our resource plans. We're pro planning, we're pro transparency. But in terms of a contested proceeding, that's just something that is not really consistent with the evolving generation landscape that we're finding ourselves in.
Operator: Next question is from Nicholas Campanella at Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: I guess just on -- you previewed some kind of tax credit monetization already. You have $200 million in the plan for '24. Just -- Is it still the case that you kind of expect $300 million a year plus in '25 and beyond? Or can you just help us kind of think about what the tax credit transferability benefit is in the out years?
Robert Durian: Yes, sure, Nick. So we've been very successful at the execution of bilateral agreements with the first round of tax credits we sold here in 2023. As we think about the future and we think about all the different opportunities we have to sell renewable tax credits, we do think we'll get up above $300 million once we get out to that 2025 time frame. When you think about the volume of wind production that we have right now, combined with the 1,500 megawatts of solar that Lisa referenced, the 275 megawatts of battery projects that we've received approval from the PSCW to implement in Wisconsin and the fact that we're going to repower several of our older vintage wind projects, the volume of tax credits, like I said, we'll get above that $300 million level starting in 2025 and continue for several years into the future.
Nicholas Campanella: And then just on your comments on Wisconsin filing cadence. I think you kind of mentioned that you have new renewables coming into the picture that you had to file for. But is that just like a follow-on limited reopener type filing from the prior rate case? Or this is not like a full rate case here to contemplate right now. Can you just kind of maybe update us on your overall strategy there?
Lisa Barton: I think what you're referring to are the updates on our Clean Energy Blueprint. That is something that we're doing in both Iowa and Wisconsin this year. The work that we're doing there will really identify the projects needed to meet our future resource needs and reflecting changes that are there from the MISO rule contracts. So any CapEx associated with that would be in the fall.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. Yes. That's -- and that CapEx is not in the plan now and is more of a fall update to your point. Okay.
Lisa Barton: Correct.
Operator: Next question will be from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just with respect, maybe looking to pick it up where Nick left it off because I think that's a nice point on just talking through the updated Clean Energy Blueprint. Is this an appropriate route to talk about just the demand from customers and talk about what we've seen from some of your peers with respect to demand growth? I get that this is a little bit adjacent in terms of modeling and sort of, as you say, continuous routine modeling. But we've seen some of these out-of-cycle updates pop up in some of these more mundane integrated resource filings elsewhere. Just curious on how you would set up expectations here in both the jurisdictions.
Lisa Barton: Yes, that's a great question, Julien. We are certainly focused on economic development. That's something we're doubling down on. In terms of putting that into our forecast and into our resource plans. We need to have a level of confidence that they'll be there. So just stay tuned with respect to that space. And as I mentioned earlier, later in '24, we will be updating our resource planning needs over the future, where we have factored in load growth and factored in the implications of the MISO rules that are constantly evolving.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, since you bring it up, let me jump to this question. I think MISO has an update on MTEP coming up ahead as well. I know they do this on the regular but I think there's another more meaningful update on the come here. Would that conceivably align with the timeline that you're talking about?
Lisa Barton: Well, we constantly watch MISO's work with respect to tranche 1 and tranche 2. Tranche 2 is expected later this year. It'll probably be about the same timeframe.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And maybe actually to put a finer point on that demand. I get that this is further but I mean, are you seeing -- I get that some of this load growth is sort of concentrated in specific corridors and specific interstates. But would you say that some of the dynamics that you're seeing elsewhere in the state could be mirrored in your geographies if you will? Are there any specific geography corridors that we should be watching here as we see, especially some of the more data centered load materializing here?
Lisa Barton: So we are actively and aggressively marketing our mega sites that are located in both Iowa and Wisconsin and that would really be the locations to be looking at?
Operator: The next question will be from Andrew Weisel at Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Just wanted to clarify a little bit of -- I think, Robert, you talked about this in the prepared remarks but I want to ask about O&M and the weather impact. The $0.06 of negative weather, that is not included in the adjusted earnings, I think. So first question is, is that a change? Have you historically done that?
Robert Durian: No, Andrew. So we've consistently, probably for more than a decade now, removed the weather impacts from our adjusted earnings. Really, we think that's the appropriate way to manage the business. We've seen more efficiencies from an operational perspective to avoid ramping up and ramping down cost profiles of our operations group. And so that's something we've done, I think, for the entire 14 years that we've been able to achieve at least 5% growth.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. I guess I don't mean to be critical but you've got a great track record of meeting or exceeding the midpoint in, I think going back to 2015 or so. And obviously, this one was a little bit light. Anything to look into there? Obviously, it was a tough year with the interest rates and all that. But anything philosophically changing around either O&Ms or the midpoint as a target?
Robert Durian: No, Andrew. I think we're managing the business as we've always managed the business. I think what you're seeing is the first time in the last 6 years where we've actually seen the temperature impacts come in with lower earnings and the previous 5 years, we let that additional earnings flow through to the bottom line and didn't offset that with additional spending. So we feel like we're being very consistent with the way we're operating the business.
Andrew Weisel: And then lastly, apologies if I missed it but what's your outlook for O&Ms in 2024?
Robert Durian: Yes. Right now, we think it will be relatively flat. We are obviously facing inflationary pressures. We also have some additional O&M that we're expecting from the large amount of new generation that we're putting into service with solar projects and battery projects but we have a lot of confidence in the team to be able to offset those impacts with our continued cost control measures.
Operator: Ms. Gille, at this time, there are no further questions.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed conclude your conference call for today. Once again, thank you for attending. At this time, we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good weekend.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Chair and CEO; Lisa Barton, President and COO, and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John, Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results, narrowed our 2023 earnings guidance range, provided 2024 earnings and dividend guidance, and provided our annual capital expenditure plan through 2027. This release as well as earnings presentation will be referenced during today's call and is available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's news release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we are firmly on track for delivering another year of solid financial and operating results. Consequently, we are narrowing our 2023 earnings guidance range, and I am affirming our long-term earnings growth range of 5% to 7%. We take great satisfaction in consistently achieving our earnings growth objectives. Continuing that momentum, turning to 2024, I'm pleased to share our earnings guidance and dividend target. Our 2024 earnings guidance midpoint represents a 6% increase to our forecasted 2023 adjusted earnings, and our 2024 annual common stock dividend target is $1.92 per share, which is a 6% increase from this year's dividends. We are focused on delivering steady and predictable results. We have several key headlines and highlights this quarter, but before I get to them, I'd like to touch on the news you likely saw last week. I'm incredibly honored to have been with Alliant Energy for the past 35 years, and I'm excited to be continuing that journey and moving into the role of Executive Chairman of our company, as Lisa Barton assumes the role of CEO. Lisa is an exceptional leader with a well-established track record of success. Together with the Board of Directors, I have complete confidence that she is well-positioned to further Alliant Energy's ability to deliver consistent results as we continue to focus on our purpose of serving customers and building stronger communities. Speaking of that purpose, let me take a few minutes to share a few headlines from quarter three that I'm particularly proud of. Then I'll pass it over to Lisa and Robert to provide more details. The first headline centers on our strong core investment thesis. That is why you choose to invest in our company. Simply put, we consistently deliver strong results. The well-executed, forward-thinking actions our team took to mitigate rising financing costs positions our company to deliver on investor expectations, coupled with our exceptional project execution and unwavering commitment to cost management and efficiency, makes us well-positioned to achieve our long-term earnings guidance objective for the 14th consecutive year. Our second headline highlights our updated customer-centric capital investment forecast through 2027, which increases our CapEx by almost $600 million compared to the four-year plan we announced last year. Lisa will cover the details of these exciting investments later in the call. To build on my earlier comments, I continue to take immense pride in the work of our dedicated teams who have diligently navigated through challenging financial, procurement, and economic conditions. I'm especially pleased with our team's efforts in taking advantage of the enhanced benefits from the Inflation Reduction Act. We are nearing completion of executing our contracts to monetize tax credits generated by our wind, solar, and energy storage investments. This helps us reduce our financing needs, create substantial cost savings for our customers, all while taking advantage of zero fuel cost resources and reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. Now let me highlight two innovative projects we are excited about. First, we celebrated our first Iowa customer-hosted solar project, which is nearing completion near Ames, Iowa, and is expected to be operational in the first half of 2024. This solar farm at Iowa State University will serve as a one-of-a-kind setting to advance the concept of agrivoltaics. We are partnering with both Iowa State and the University of Wisconsin in this innovative area of research. Agrivoltaics research is intended to uncover how solar, agricultural land and farming can harmoniously coexist for mutual benefit. The second project is our long-duration storage project at the Columbia Energy Center near Portage, Wisconsin. A first-of-a-kind energy project in the United States, the 200 megawatt hour energy storage system will be built to deliver 10 hours of energy storage capacity by compressing carbon dioxide gas into liquid. We are particularly excited this project will be built in the same community that has hosted our Columbia Energy Center for the last 40-plus years. Siting this project at an existing generating facility enables us to take advantage of the existing grid interconnection. Our company was selected for a $30 million grant from the US Department of Energy Office of Clean Energy to support this project. Importantly, both projects exemplify our purpose and showcases how our forward-thinking efforts, partnerships, and innovation are helping us build stronger communities. Our investments are made in our backyard, in the communities we serve, where our customers live, and where we partner with local suppliers, contractors, and vendors. Now, before I turn the call over to Lisa, I'd like to recognize that the farmers in our service territory are in the later stages of harvest season, and I'd like to extend my appreciation to all farmers and farm families for your commitment and partnership. Together, we are using the Earth's natural resources to provide vital services. Please be safe as you wrap up your harvest. And I'd also like to take a moment to reflect on the achievements of our dedicated employees as we conclude another strong quarter. They have done a tremendous job of serving our customers and positioning us for success. Their efforts to keep the lights on and the gas flowing irrespective of weather conditions underscores our unwavering commitment to our purpose. I will now turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, John. It is an honor to be entrusted with the future growth and stewardship of this industry-leading company. Since joining Alliant Energy, it has been abundantly clear that our organization lives and delivers on its purpose day in and day out. In fact, the organization's commitments and alignment with its purpose is what drew me to Alliant Energy. I recently had the opportunity to meet with our team in Janesville, Wisconsin and was struck by the level of engagement and ideas our frontline teams brought to the table to better serve our customers. As you know, we are actively undergrounding our lines to provide greater reliability and system resiliency. In this conversation, our employees were offering suggestions to prioritize the undergrounding of overhead facilities located in backyards. They were sharing how these facilities can be difficult to get to, require specialized equipment, and due to the nature of the terrain, restoration can be time-consuming, factors that can be avoided by undergrounding. I appreciated their ideas and focus on our customers with the goal to reduce outages and restoration times, a notable example of the level of engagement and the connection with our purpose to serve our customers and build stronger communities. Our team's passion for innovation and dedication to serving our customers and communities is consistent across the company in both Iowa and Wisconsin. And it's precisely why it is a true privilege to take on the role of CEO and to serve as a member of our Board of Directors. Before going into the CapEx plan, I would like to underscore our organization's ongoing role of being at the forefront of the clean energy transition by providing our customers with access to a cleaner and more diverse energy mix. In 2022, approximately 40% of the energy we supplied to retail customers was generated by zero-fuel-cost renewable resources. This number will quickly grow with the addition of 1.2 gigawatts of solar set to be in service by the end of 2024. Across our portfolio of new generation, we are successfully bringing projects online, investing in energy security, creating local jobs, and providing valuable tax revenues for the communities we serve. In Wisconsin, we expect to bring approximately 600 megawatts of solar online by year-end. In Iowa, with an advanced ratemaking ruling in hand for our planned 400 megawatts of solar, we will continue to expand our investments in resilient, clean energy resources for our customers and communities by bringing this new generation online. In addition to solar, we made great strides in our energy storage plans during the third quarter. We commissioned our first microgrid project in Richland County. We secured regulatory approval in Wisconsin for 175 megawatts of battery storage projects in Wood and Grant counties, which will be paired with our solar investments. In addition, we secured approval for 99 megawatts of battery storage at our Edgewater Generating facility site to take advantage of our existing interconnection and additional tax credits associated with repurposing a brownfield site. These storage projects strengthen the performance of our generation portfolio, increase grid resiliency, and improve reliability. These investments tie to the capital expenditures John mentioned, which are essential to deliver a diverse mix of energy with the enhanced reliability our customers depend on. Looking forward, we have refreshed our capital expenditures plan over the next four years by $600 million. These investments expand our dispatchable generation resources, include wind repowering for approximately 500 megawatts of our legacy wind fleet, bringing efficiency savings to our customers, and additional tax benefits through the Inflation Reduction Act. This plan reflects increased investments in American Transmission Company to support expansion of transmission within the state of Wisconsin, and underscores our commitment to enhancing grid resiliency and undergrounding. Our updated customer-centric capital investment forecast through 2027 contributes to a solid 8% rate-based growth through 2027. Approximately 55% of our investments over the next four years will be in generation, a strong demonstration of our commitment to a diverse, clean, reliable, and resilient energy future for our customers. We take considerable pride in the balance of resources in our generation portfolio. We will continue to invest in renewables over the five-year planning period. We also recognize our resource plans need to address MISO's resource adequacy needs. This is why you see greater additional capital expenditures for gas projects when compared to prior plans. In 2024, we will continue our transparent process to engage with regulators and stakeholders as we update and revise our resource plans to adapt to changing reliability needs. Our plans include new dispatchable natural gas resources, capacity and efficiency improvements, and investments to ensure resiliency and availability of fuels during extreme weather and other disruptions. Specifically, our focus will be on improving the capacity and efficiency of our existing units in both Iowa and Wisconsin as well as repurposing sites where coal units will be retiring in the next five years. We will be investing in new flexible natural gas resources to complement our investments in battery storage and renewables. We will also invest in reliability of natural gas supply in both Iowa and Wisconsin to address concerns about reliability and resiliency during extreme weather. This includes exploring opportunities to enhance resiliency through gas LNG and electric storage technologies. Now switching to regulatory matters. First, we appreciate the certainty the IUB's advanced ratemaking decision provides. Last month, the IUB approved a minimum ROE of 10.25% over the 30-year life of 400 megawatts of solar. We remain confident in the advanced ratemaking process and look forward to submitting additional filings following our stakeholder and regulatory engagement process next year. Staying in Iowa, we recently filed our forward test year rate review. Our forward-looking electric and gas rate review focuses on our plans to strategically invest in a cost-effective and diverse energy mix coupled with grid modernization to deliver a more reliable, sustainable, resilient, and secure energy future for our Iowa customers and communities. With our steadfast focus on keeping customer value top of mind, we continuously strategize to take proactive measures to manage costs and to meet customers' ever-changing energy needs. This is the reason why we have asked for a two-step increase. The investments we are making in the state are expected to reduce the number and duration of outages, improve safety, lower operating, maintenance, and fuel expenses while reducing the impact of fuel price volatility. Shifting gears to our rate review in Wisconsin, the procedural schedule is now complete, and we await a decision from the PSCW to place new rates into effect on January 1st. We believe the PSCW staff testimony was constructive and gave the commission a good starting point for their decision. I will now turn the call over to Robert to provide insights regarding our financial results, guidance, and a few additional regulatory matters.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter non-GAAP earnings of $1.05 per share compared to $0.93 per share in the second -- or third quarter of 2022. Our quarterly earnings change year-over-year was primarily due to higher revenue requirements and AFUDC from WPL capital investments and lower operating and maintenance expenses. These positive drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense. The non-GAAP adjustment recorded in the third quarter of $0.03 per share related to Iowa state tax reform. In September, the Iowa Department of Revenue announced a corporate state tax rate of 7.1% for 2024, which is down from the current rate of 8.4%. This change resulted in a current year charge at our non-utility and parent operations related to lower deferred tax asset values. This change will also enable us to pass millions of dollars of annual savings from lower state taxes onto our customers in Iowa for decades into the future. A similar non-GAAP adjustment was recognized in the third quarter last year related to Iowa's corporate tax rate change effective for 2023. Through September of this year, our net temperature impacts decreased Alliant Energy's earnings by approximately $0.02 per share. In comparison, net temperatures increased Alliant Energy earnings for the first three quarters of 2022 by $0.07 per share. Our temperature-normalized electric sales through the first three quarters are tracking in line with sales for the same period in 2022, including no material changes across the customer classes or our two states. Looking forward to the fourth quarter and our full-year 2023 results, we expect strong earnings growth from investments in Wisconsin and Iowa solar projects and lower O&M, partially offset by higher interest expense. As a result of solid earnings through September and our projected fourth quarter results, we have narrowed our 2023 earnings guidance to a range of $2.85 per share to $2.93 per share. During 2023, our team has continued to advance our purpose-driven strategy to ensure that we not only accomplish our current year goals, but also enable the achievement of our financial and operational objectives over the long term. We strategically invest in the best interest of our customers, aiming to enhance customer value while controlling customer costs. As we continue our transition to renewables while preparing to retire our fossil fuel generating resources, we will continue to reduce our operating costs. Additionally, with the implementation of our planned solar projects and the repowering of our wind facilities, we anticipate the production tax credits and reduced fuel expenses will help offset the impact of increased renewable rate base, rendering these new investments highly cost-effective for our customers. This commitment will result in long-term benefits for our customers and long-term value for our shareowners. With our success thus far in advancing and executing on our renewable capital projects, we continue to be well-positioned to capture additional benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act. Expected benefits include applying for federal funding, maximizing tax benefits by meeting tax credit adder requirements, and leveraging new and enhanced opportunities to monetize tax credits, which materially improve our cash flows and credit metrics as well as reduce future financing needs. Moving to our financing plans, in September, we successfully completed a $300 million debt issuance at IPL to finance our solar generation projects. And so far this year, we have issued approximately $200 million of new common equity. Thus, we are well on our way to raising our planned $250 million in equity for 2023. As we look to future financings, our robust capital investment plan is expected to be financed through a combination of cash from operations including significant proceeds from tax credit monetizations and new long-term debt. We also have modest levels of common equity anticipated in our financing plans through 2027. Including approximately $25 million of new common equity plan each year from our Shareowner Direct Plan. And up to $350 million of new common equity in aggregate through future ATM programs. The new common equity through future ATM programs is largely dependent upon whether the PSCW and IUB granted authority of our request to increase the equity layers in WPL's and IPL's capital structures in their respective pending rate reviews. More near-term, our plans over the next 14 months include up to $1.9 billion of financing, including up to $1 billion of long-term debt at Alliant Energy Finance, up to $700 million of debt at IPL, approximately $25 million of new Common equities through our Shareowner Direct Plan direct plan and up to $200 million of new common equity, only to support any increase authorized by the PSCW for WPL's equity layer. We also have two debt maturities in 2024, including $450 million at Alliant Energy Finance and $500 million at IPL. Finally, I'll highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress, as well as those regulatory filings we plan to initiate in 2024. Currently, in progress, we have electric and gas rate reviews in each state. In Wisconsin, we anticipate an oral decision before Thanksgiving and a written order by the end of December. And in Iowa, we expect a decision by the third quarter of next year. We also have two additional pending proceedings in Wisconsin. We are anticipating a decision on our request for improvements aimed to increase the efficiency, capacity, and reliability of our Neenah and Sheboygan Falls' gas-generating units by the end of Q2 2024. In this quarter, we filed a joint application to sell an additional 125 megawatts of the West Riverside facility to WEC Energy and Madison Gas and Electric. We are also anticipating a decision on this application by Q2 of 2024. Turning to our planned regulatory filings in 2024, in conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plan, we expect to make regulatory filings in both Iowa and Wisconsin for additional renewables and dispatchable resources to enhance reliability, further diversify our energy resources, and meet customer energy needs. These filings will also include construction authority requests for the innovative new long-duration energy storage in Wisconsin mentioned by John. We very much appreciate the continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference. Next week, we plan to post on our website the updated materials in advance of EEI. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nathan Richardson: Hey, everybody. It's actually Nathan Richardson on for Nick.
Lisa Barton: Hey, Nathan.
John Larsen: Good morning.
Nathan Richardson: Hello. Happy Friday. I just have a couple of questions here. You touched on the tax credit opportunity a little bit, and I appreciate the '23 and '24 guidance, but I was wondering if you could give any more Color into '25 and '26 and then maybe the full contribution over the five-year plan?
Robert Durian: Yes, Nathan, probably paint a little bit of a picture here for our financing plans. When we think about the capital expenditure refresh that we've done through 2027, and as we look at the kind of financing needs for that, we actually think that we'll be able to fund all of that through cash flows from operations, including the monetization of tax credits, as well as some new long term debt. As we look at the opportunities to be able to monetize those tax credits, given the volume of tax credits we're generating currently with the wind projects and the solar projects, as well as those that will be added into our portfolio over the next few years, along with battery storage, we actually think we'll be averaging probably close to $300 million a year in tax credit monetization proceeds. So that provides us a lot of flexibility with our financing plans and therefore does not require any material common equity to be able to finance those capital expenditure plans. Where we do see potentially some need for new common equity is largely related to the regulatory constructs, specifically the capital structures for our two utilities that is dependent upon the outcomes of the pending rate cases. So that's to be determined, we should be seeing, hopefully, our WPL rate case decision here in the next couple of weeks. And as I indicated before, the Iowa decision, sometime probably by the second quarter, or third quarter of next year. And so that'll give us more insights as to any potential equity needs, but it's really tied into those additional equity layers at the two utilities.
Nathan Richardson: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you. And then my last question is some of your Midwest peers have been showing some decline in load in fiscal year '23. And I just wanted to see how we could think about what you've embedded in the fiscal year '24 outlook from a sales perspective and then maybe any longer term sales growth assumptions.
John Larsen: Hey, Nathan. This is John here. You know, '23 has been largely in line with our expectations from temperature-normalized load, and we're planning for that similarly going forward. But I would say we do have some pretty strong economic development interests. We've kept our forecast pretty conservative, pretty steady, as we've seen, but we've seen some great interest here. And when we see that materialize a bit more, we'll provide updates if or as needed.
Nathan Richardson: Got it. Thank you so much.
John Larsen: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey, good morning. This is Dariusz on for Julien. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to start off on the narrowed 2023 guidance. Thank you for providing that update. Just wondering if now that we're in November and there's probably good line of sight to the end of the year. If you can make any commentary as far as where you might be tracking within that range for the balance of the year.
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, this is Robert. Yes, I would characterize that we're tracking towards the midpoint. We have seen what I'd characterize, some milder weather temperatures in the first quarter this year. That really put our earnings down about $0.4 per share. But we actually picked up $0.2 back in the third quarter, given some warmer temperatures. And so far here in the fourth quarter, we've actually started out with some favorable weather temperatures, so we actually think we'll land pretty close to the midpoint and so that's we've been guiding people, too.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, excellent. Thank you. Appreciate that. And then just looking ahead to 2024 and the guidance and the drivers that you provided, certainly appreciate that the WPL process is still ongoing. In the event that you did receive an improved equity layer there, could you see any upside too or perhaps tracking to the upper end of the range that you provided for 2024?
John Larsen: Yes. Dariusz, John here. You know, I'd say there's really four factors for our guidance with, you know, sales, great execution of capital, and you mentioned constructive decisions from regulatory filings and cost management. I would say right now we feel very comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out there. And as we get into '24, we would certainly update that if we're tracking a different part of that range. But think of it as pretty solid for our range in '24.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, excellent. Thank you. If I could sneak in one more obviously. Certainly, appreciate the ITL rate case is recently filed, but you've had some fairly constructive processes and outcomes, especially with the advanced rate-making this year. Curious if you can make any comments on efforts towards or prospects for settling that rate case.
Lisa Barton: Yes, Dariusz, it's Lisa here, and I'll handle that question. So, you know, as you know, we always have a very transparent process with respect to our rate reviews. Our Clean Energy blueprint provides a high level of transparency. We had a balanced ask with a two-step request, both in the single digits. Obviously, we've had a strong track record of settlements in Iowa, and we continue to think that that's going to be possible in the future. But as always, we're going to assess the pros and cons of settlement along the way.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much for the responses. I'll pass it along and we'll see you guys at EEI in about a week.
John Larsen: That was great. Thanks, Dariusz.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Fowler with UBS. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, John. Good morning, Lisa. Hey, congratulations on the appointments.
Lisa Barton: Thank you.
John Larsen: Thanks, Ross.
Ross Fowler: So -- and I apologize if I'm bouncing between, sort of three calls this morning, so this has already been asked and answered. I do apologize, but I was just kind of looking through your CapEx refresh, and Lisa, I think I heard you say that the lower sort of renewables CapEx here is really being driven by this shift to gas projects to be responsive to MYSO and not driven by sort of some of the consternation we've seen over the last 18 months around renewable investments, right? You're still supply chain is okay. Like, it's none of that. It's more being responsive and adding this gas project into the plan?
Lisa Barton: Yes, Ross. Ross, you're correct. I mean, we're constantly reviewing our resource plans, taking into account changing conditions such as the MYSO capacity construct. Again, it's always that very transparent process that we use. And, you know, we'll be talking with regulators and stakeholders here in the earlier parts of '24.
Ross Fowler: Okay. And then given that renewable spending is a little bit lower in the plant, Robert, I think I heard you say that. Despite that, you still expect pretty good tax transferability -- tax credit transferability generation here that the only equity we need is around if you get a higher equity ratio at the regulated utilities from your regulated rate cases that are currently underway.
Robert Durian: Yes, that's correct. Ross, it's a reminder, so we've got 2019 and 2020 vintage wind projects that will be continuing to provide PTCs for us. We'll be building out the full 1,500 megawatts of new solar projects. We've added to our recent CapEx plans, 500 megawatts of repowering of wind projects that will produce new PTCs for us to be able to monetize. And we also have battery projects that we've put into the plant, 275 megawatts, which have already been approved by the PSCW that have all be generating tax credits. And so still a very robust set of tax credits for us to monetize over the next four or five years.
Ross Fowler: And then one last one for me. If I heard correctly, there's still some go-forward filings here that could raise your CapEx profile around some renewable projects and some clean energy initiatives in your state. So if I think about sort of looking forward, there's still an opportunity to add more renewables to the plant?
John Larsen: You know, Ross, John here. I think what I'd say, we've got a lot of future CapEx opportunities, so we'll be sharing more of the details of how we're thinking about the latter part of not only this four years but, you know, kind of where we would see our future CapEx going. But we're continuing to advance development for future renewables. But as Robert and Lisa noted, right now it just makes sense for us to add some capacity resources while we continue to look for future renewable developments.
Ross Fowler: That's perfect, John. Thank you. And that's it for me. Congratulations once again and we'll see you soon in Arizona.
John Larsen: Thanks, Ross.
Lisa Barton: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, everybody. Agrivoltaic, that's a new one for me. First, I just want to say congrats to John and Lisa. Great to see for both of you next.
Lisa Barton: Thank you.
Andrew Weisel: Next, my first question is on O&M. You've talked about a 3% to 4% reduction. I know a lot of the year-over-year swing was supposed to come in the fourth quarter. Now that we're here, can you maybe refine or reaffirm that estimate and maybe some thoughts on how much might be sustainable versus one time?
John Larsen: Yes. Hey Andrew, this is John here. I'm going to let Robert talk about that and it's really good news and the timing, but I want to -- I appreciate you listening and picking up on Agrivoltaics. We can talk more about that when I see you at EEI. So Robert, over to you.
Andrew Weisel: Definitely.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. I would say, as we've kind of evaluated 2023 and 2024, we are looking for opportunities to continue to kind of time to spend to be able to achieve all of our financial objectives over the two years. You're correct in thinking that when we announced our plans for O&M spend for 2023, there is a fair amount of reduction that we were expecting as a result of some of the strategic spend we had in 2022, including focuses on resource planning, economic development, and advancing some of our technology projects. But we continue to find opportunities to be able to reduce costs through the efficiencies of a lot of the folks out in our field organizations. I think Lisa had a nice story that she started out with her script talking about efforts underway with our underground program that are providing some benefits for us. We're also seeing some reductions on the generation side as a result of our Lansing retirement. So, I would say it's a mix, maybe half sustainable half what I would characterize as strategic spend in 2022 that we see for reductions, but we're continuing to anticipate we'll see some further O&M reductions in the fourth quarter and probably end up lower than we expected from 2022.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Next on the 400-megawatt solar in Iowa, the settlement I believe called for 10.75% ROE under the advanced rate making, but the IUB approved 10.25%. Can you talk about why that was reduced and do you see any kind of read through to the rate case as a result of this?
Lisa Barton: Yes Andrew, so basically what the IUB did is they said that 10.25% would be in essence the base and we have the opportunity to go up from there. So we're going to use our rate review process to be pushing for that 10.25%. As you know, the settlement that we had in place in Iowa was with one party and was not with all of the parties. We do not think that anything, you know, that was decided as part of this RPU is indicative of anything with for -- respect to the rate review filing. So we continue to think that there are opportunities to settle in Iowa similar to the history and the strong history we've had for settlements in the past.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very good then on equity, two-part question. So first of all, the $200 million that you might need. Robert, did you see that was for IPL and WPL, or is that just WPL and how much, you know, it looks like a sensitivity? Every, you know, 10 basis points of equity ratio would need some amount of equity. Can you provide that?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think of that, Andrew, as just the WPL decision that we'll hopefully be seeing here in the next few weeks. And so, yes, as we've stated in some of our previous remarks, what we've requested is about a 250 basis point increase in our equity layer in Wisconsin. So that equates to about $200 million. So it's about $40 million for every 50 basis points.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very helpful. And then just to clarify, other than that, quote-unquote, one time step up, are you suggesting about $25 million of equity per year in '25 and beyond, or am I reading too far into that?
Robert Durian: Yes, we would plan to continue to utilize our share direct plan to be able to issue approximately $25 million a year in new common equity. That's dependent upon the decisions of our shareowners as to how much they want to leverage that program. But that's just a continuation of what we've had historically, and we plan to keep that going into the future.
Andrew Weisel: Perfect. Thank you so much. Look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Mortimer with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Alex Mortimer: Hi. Good morning, team.
Lisa Barton: Good morning.
Alex Mortimer: So, while you highlight the transferability benefit helping to keep financing costs manageable in the future, given a higher for longer rate environment and your increased capital plan announced today, how should we think of the magnitude of rate requests in future cases going forward as compared to historical levels?
John Larsen: Yes, I think -- thanks for your question, Alan. You know, we continue to push for what I'd say, you know, a general rate increase that, you know, kind of keep the increases very similar to, you know, kind of like cost of living increases, if you will, at or below. So we've been very, very consistent with that over the past few years, and we would see that continuing going forward.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing that I would add, Alan, is that we continue to add zero fuel cost resources as part of the plan, and that very much plays into affordability. Affordability has been and will continue to be top of mind for us going forward.
Alex Mortimer: Understood. Thank you. And then we've seen some other states where parties with maybe a larger priority on policy related goals as opposed to economic ones, are playing a larger role in rate case proceedings and are making it slightly more challenging to settle cases. How do you view the future of the settlement process in Wisconsin?
John Larsen: I think we would view it as continuing to be a very constructive opportunity. You know, as both Lisa and Robert have noted, as we file these, we'll continue to monitor. We always look forward to being very transparent and bringing parties to the table, but we don't see any material change in our ability to settle going forward.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing that I would add is, again, our Clean Energy Blueprint provides that high level of transparency and an opportunity for stakeholders to really engage ahead of time. This year was a little bit unique in the sense that five IOUs were before the Commission at one time. So that made it a little bit challenging this year.
Alex Mortimer: Understood. Thanks so much. Look forward to seeing you all soon.
John Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Board Chair and CEO; Lisa Barton, President and COO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John, Lisa and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter 2023 financial results. This release as well as an earnings presentation that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. Those forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results were on track with expectations, and we have made solid progress towards achieving the consistent full year growth that our share owners have come to expect from our company. As we continue our long-standing track record of consistent execution, we have several areas of progress to highlight that will also serve to reinforce our strong investment thesis. Our focus on 2023 began well before the start of the year. As we shared last quarter, we took actions in the latter half of 2022 to advance our resource plans and added additional focus on cost management and resilience. We are pleased with the positive results from those efforts. The results are clearly shown through the advancement of key regulatory filings, great progress we've made on our major capital projects, and our expectation to reduce 2023 O&M compared to 2022. And we continued our focus to derisk 2023 in the early part of this year by successfully mitigating rising interest rates through our convertible debt offering and interest rate hedging. In addition, we have seen strong core operations year-to-date. I am incredibly proud of the great progress our team has made in the first half of this year. We have seen remarkable advancements across all fronts including our focused efforts on operating a safe and resilient energy grid, our commitment to advancing clean energy and our unwavering dedication to delivering exceptional service to our customers and communities. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Lisa Barton, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to share more details on our investment and operating progress. And Robert will close the call with more updates relating to our financials and regulatory progress. But before I do that, I'll highlight a couple of key themes from this quarter. We continue to make exceptional progress advancing our investments that make our energy network efficient, reliable and resilient. We remain a leader in the renewable energy sector currently ranking nationally as the third largest owner-operator of regulated wind assets. We are continuously investing in a more diverse generation portfolio, prioritizing both value and reliability in our energy supply. A great example of this is our recently approved 175 megawatts of battery storage projects, which will complement our solar investments at Wood and Grand Counties in Wisconsin. We continue to excel in power quality and reliability as recognized by J.D. Power. Our ongoing efforts and results are centered around enhancing the resilience of our energy grid through the undergrounding of our distribution system. We continue to achieve new levels of efficiency in this area and have undergrounded more than 25% of our distribution system, further solidifying our commitment to a more robust and secure infrastructure. We are actively pursuing the exploration of cutting-edge technologies to establish energy storage capabilities, highlighted by our advancement of a first in the United States long-duration storage system at our Columbia Energy Center site. As we anticipate the retirement of the Columbia coal-fired energy center in 2026, we are committed to leveraging the existing infrastructure and interconnections at this site to promote resilience. The project has generated significant excitement within our organization, serving as a prime illustration of our commitment to pursue federal funding and embrace innovation to contribute to a sustainable future. We remain agile and proactive in identifying and capitalizing on financing opportunities that arise both at the federal and state level. Simply stated, we continue to execute our forward-thinking strategy and are consistently delivering financial and operating results. Our strong results are made possible by our dedicated employees. Every day, they work tirelessly to fulfill our purpose, which is to serve our customers and build stronger communities. Their exceptional contributions throughout the past year have been truly incredible. I want to thank and recognize them for everything they do. We eagerly anticipate another year of strong financial and operational performance and we deeply value your ongoing interest in our company. As a result of our team's efforts, our strong investment thesis remains. Our first half 2023 results are on plan. We have reaffirmed our annual earnings guidance and we remain committed to delivering on our long-term consistent 5% to 7% growth in earnings and dividends. I will now turn the call over to Lisa.
Lisa Barton: Thank you, John. One of the areas that drew me to Alliant Energy revolves around our unwavering commitment to delivering value in a holistic and sustainable manner and our dedication to ESG principles. We are resolute in our long-term commitment to consistent growth in ensuring a successful clean energy transition for our customers and communities, making a positive difference in the lives of our customers and communities is a core value and guides us as we navigate the evolving energy landscape. We recently released our 2023 corporate responsibility report, showcasing our commitment to environmental stewardship, meeting the social needs of our communities and corporate governance. With a diverse portfolio of generating facilities, we consistently provide reliable energy to our valued customers while continuing to broaden their access to zero fuel cost and carbon-free energy resources. As we advance our clean energy initiatives, we prioritize competitive rates, reliability, system resiliency, sustainability and innovation. We partner and invest in organizations which proactively advance our industry's knowledge and collaborate on best practices. Now let's review our great environmental progress from 2022. First off, 40% of the energy we supply to our retail customers in 2022 was from renewable sources. Second, we reduced our annual carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel generation by 39% from our 2005 levels, evidence that we are well on our way to achieving our goal of a 50% CO2 reduction by 2030. We reduced our water usage by 50% from our 2005 levels, demonstrating our progress towards our 75% reduction goal by 2030. Looking forward, we have updated our clean energy goals to reflect our company's progress and strategic plans to support the transition to a low-carbon economy. On Slide 3, we highlighted examples of our sustainability efforts. Over the years, we have made significant strides in reducing our carbon footprint by transitioning from older, less efficient coal units to cost-effective and efficient generation resources, such as wind, natural gas, battery storage and solar. These resources not only demonstrate our commitment to environmental sustainability, but also served as lower cost options for our service territory, providing value for our customers well into the future. Building upon our successful wind energy expansion, our strong project management execution capabilities, we are focusing on expanding our solar energy portfolio. With our substantial investments totaling 1.1 gigawatts of solar projects, we are set to become the largest owner-operator of solar energy in Wisconsin. In 2022, we successfully placed 250 megawatts of solar capacity into service, and we are on schedule to add an additional 840 megawatts by mid-2024. Our investments are helping customers focus on their sustainability objectives in the communities we serve. With our customer-hosted renewables projects, we partner with businesses or communities to host an Alliant Energy solar farm on site. Two examples are with the Iowa State University and the University of Wisconsin-Madison. In partnership with Iowa State, we are also investing in agrivoltaics, the study of crop or livestock production underneath or adjacent to solar panels. Through our community solar program, we created community funded solar sites bringing the cost synergies of large-scale solar and offering customers an alternative to rooftop installations. Our Clean Energy Blueprint serves as our road map towards a cleaner energy future. This blueprint encompasses not only generation, but emphasizes the importance of an efficient, reliable and resilient energy grid. John mentioned our focus on resiliency by undergrounding our distribution system. Undergrounding distribution lines allows us to reduce the resources needed to trim trees, improves reliability and reduces the cost of customer inconvenience associated with storm response. Through our innovative solutions and strategic investments, we continuously strive to deliver sustainable energy options without compromising customer satisfaction. An example of this is our investment in the Neenah and Sheboygan Falls gas plants, where our advanced gas path upgrades will increase the efficiency, capacity and reliability of these units. Finally, in Iowa, I am pleased to report we reached a settlement with the Office of Consumer Advocate regarding our Iowa ratemaking principles docket. Settlement details are provided on Slide 5. The hearing on the advanced ratemaking principles for these projects was completed earlier this week. We requested an expedited decision from the Iowa Utilities Board so that we can start construction on these cost-effective investments for our Iowa customers. These investments will create jobs in Iowa during construction, support reliability of electric service in our Iowa service territory, bring shared revenues to our local communities and lease payments to rural landowners, all of which aligns with our purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities. I will now pass the mic to Robert, who will share our financial results and provide additional detail on our regulatory progress. Robert?
Robert Durian: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $0.64 per share. The primary drivers of the quarter-over-quarter EPS variances were higher earnings resulting from capital investments, including our solar expansion program; and lower WPL electric fuel-related costs, net of recoveries compared to the second quarter of 2022. These positive drivers were partially offset by lower estimated temperature impacts on retail electric and gas sales when compared to second quarter of 2022 and higher interest expense due to additional financings to fund capital investments. For the full year, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $2.82 to $2.96 per share. The midpoint of that range is a 6% increase over 2022 adjusted earnings per share. Details on our second quarter earnings drivers and 2023 full year earnings guidance can be found on Slide 6. To assist you in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, I wanted to quantify and provide some additional context to the timing of income tax expense. Income tax expenses recorded each quarter based on an estimated annual effective tax rate and the proportion of full year earnings generated each quarter. This causes fluctuations in the amount of tax expenses quarter-over-quarter, but it will not have an impact on full year earnings. As we continue to increase our renewable portfolio and generate higher levels of renewable tax benefits, these quarter-over-quarter variances have increased. We have provided our quarterly EPS estimates related to the tax benefit recognition timing for 2023 and 2022 on Slide 7. We have already executed a substantial portion of our 2023 financing plan to fund our investments in renewable projects, to mitigate rising interest rates, and to support retiring a $400 million debt maturity, which occurred in June. In addition to several successful debt issuances in the first quarter, we have raised approximately 1/3 of the up to $250 million of new common equity issuances we expect to execute in 2023 through an ATM program and share a direct plan. Our overall financing plans for 2023 have remained unchanged, and our remaining debt financing includes up to $300 million of long-term debt at IPL in the second half of the year. Earlier this year, we also closed on the sales of 125 megawatts of our West Riverside natural gas facility, providing proceeds, which will help reduce our external financing requirements. The sales of these partial interests in West Riverside were anticipated in our plans and provided combined proceeds of approximately $120 million. The progress we have made in our generation transformation positions us well to take advantage of the enhanced tax benefits from the Inflation Reduction Act that will positively impact our cost profile. With our strong focus on cost competitive rates for customers, we are working to optimize the tax benefits available under the IRA and continue to make progress with the planned transfers of our renewable tax credits as we have seen strong counterparty interests for these credits. As a reminder, the proceeds from these tax credit transfers will be used to help lower customer costs on our renewable and battery investments, enhance our cash flows thereby reducing some of our future financing needs and improving our credit metrics. Shifting to regulatory. We have included our notable regulatory initiatives for 2023 on Slide 9. Lisa covered our progress with some key regulatory proceedings related to our planned customer-focused investments. In addition, we are also making progress with several other key regulatory proceedings in Iowa and Wisconsin. Starting in Wisconsin, the rate review for test years 2024 and 2025 includes request for recovery of several investments that support sustainability, reliability and resiliency while keeping customer value and competitive rates top of mind. This proceeding is progressing as planned with the next steps in the rate review process involving continued discovery and audit by the PSCW staff and intervenors to support their testimony scheduled to be filed by September 5, followed by a hearing on September 27, and a final decision expected from the PSCW later this year. We have provided the procedural schedule for WPL's rate review on Slide 9. Additionally, in Wisconsin, WPL submitted its 2022 fuel reconciliation filing, which requested future recovery of $117 million of additional fuel costs incurred by WPL in 2022 to serve its customers. WPL currently anticipates a decision on the amount of recovery and the time frame for such recovery from the PSCW by the end of this quarter. While our utilities experienced higher fuel costs in 2022, driven by elevated commodity prices. During the first 6 months of 2023, we have experienced significant reductions in natural gas prices and strong performance of our generation facilities, which will help lower future fuel costs for our Wisconsin customers. And in Iowa, we have already started passing these lower fuel cost benefits onto our customers through the monthly fuel cost tariff in 2023. Continuing with our Iowa jurisdiction in anticipation of completing construction of several key investments for Iowa customers before the end of 2024, we filed notice with the Iowa Utilities Board this week, that we will be requesting an IPL electric and gas rate review later this year. Our last Iowa rate review included a forward test year in 2020. And since that time, we have made significant progress in transitioning the Iowa grid, rebuilding from a devastating [indiscernible] storm and advancing IPL's transition to cleaner sources of generation, all while managing inflation and interest rate increases not anticipated in the last proceeding. The installation of the planned solar projects and the existing wind facilities in Iowa reduces IPL's fuel costs and provides enhanced tax credit benefits enabled by the Inflation Reduction Act. The retirement of the Lansing coal plant earlier this year is also a notable component of our generation transformation and will allow IPL's customers to avoid significant capital costs associated with continuing to operate the unit while reducing emissions and support the more distributed and changing resource mix. We appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. As always, we will make our Investor Relations materials available on our website. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith at Bank of America.
Dariusz Lozny : This is Dariusz on for Julien. Maybe just starting off in Iowa. I took a look at the proposed settlements -- partial settlement that you filed in your advanced ratemaking process earlier in the week. I was just wondering if you could maybe discuss some of the puts and takes that went into formulating that settlement with -- I believe it was a 10.75% ROE, but then not including the proposed battery storage. Also, any takeaways from the hearing that took place earlier in the week? And also importantly, where you see the process moving from here and over what time frame?
John Larsen: Great. Dariusz, this is John. So we're very pleased with the progress on this docket and the hearing went as expected. I think as you're aware, we also reached settlement with the Office of Consumer Advocate. So we are going to be awaiting the IUB's decision. But maybe I'll ask Robert to share a few of those items a little more color on the puts and takes as you noted, Dariusz.
Robert Durian: Dariusz, yes, I'd say it was a very balanced settlement between shareowner interest and customer interest as you kind of explained some of the details there. We do think it warrants to have a premium ROE at 10.75% to incentivize us to put renewables in the state, and that's the nature of the law that we have in Iowa. We also appreciated the willingness to agree on a cost target that was reasonable in light of what we've seen as far as cost for similar solar projects in our area. I'd say the one thing on the customer side that the intervening parties were interested in is a consumer protection plan, which is something newer for us. But we are confident in our ability to execute and operate the facilities to be able to achieve that. So all in all, I think it was a pretty balanced set of agreements of principles and I look forward to the Iowa Utility Board make a decision on this docket. It will probably be, I would guess, some time within maybe the next couple of months, we might see a decision.
Dariusz Lozny : Great. If I could ask one more and this is more on the quarter/trends that you're seeing year-to-date. Certainly noted that it was maybe a bit of a softer quarter from a weather temperature standpoint. Can you just comment on the growth that you're seeing on a normalized basis across the 3 main customer classes?
John Larsen: Yes. Dariusz, it's John again. Similar to last year, we've seen some really solid temperature normalized retail sales in the first half. So we had a pretty solid 2022. And very much on par with that this year. We also see some strong growth in the first half of '23. We've seen about 85 megawatts of new announced growth. So some nice strength there. I think I've mentioned before, we like to see a long-term trend before we call it a trend, but it continues to have some nice economic development and weather-normalized sales growth. Robert or Lisa, if you want to add anything. But I appreciate the question, Dariusz.
Robert Durian : Yes. Maybe the only thing I’d add is, as John indicated, it was slightly better than expected as far as the temperature normalized growth. It was really on our residential side where we saw most of that really good meter growth for both electric and gas this quarter. So that was the primary driver.
Operator: Your next question will come from Alex Mortimer at Mizuho Securities.
Alex Mortimer: As you've examined your cost management throughout this year and planned out your own cuts for the later half of the year, have you discovered any savings you may be able to continue into the future? Maybe phrase another way, what portion should we think of as more onetime in nature versus ongoing run rate?
Robert Durian: Yes, Alex, I would say a majority of what we're seeing as far as the difference between 2022 levels and 2023 are primarily because of some additional spend that we incurred in the second half of 2022. We continue to focus on O&M controls and continue to make progress with different activities to try and reduce costs for our customers. A lot of some of the more exciting things that we're focused on right now is in the technology area, identifying different opportunities for us to use. Things to spend the capital dollars to reduce what I'll call longer-term O&M costs. Things like undergrounding, which has been very effective at us being able to reduce storm costs this year. We've also implemented quite a bit of fiber throughout our service territory, which is helping reduce telecommunication costs. And we've got a pretty exciting new system we're going to put in to help us with enterprise workforce and asset management that we think will gain some efficiencies with a lot of our field operations. So -- we also have what I'd call more of a step change with this recent quarter because we retired the Lansing facility, one of our coal plants, which you'll see a reduction on. As I look to the future, probably some exciting things in the artificial intelligence area, but we're still in what I characterize as the evaluation phase there. And so we'll continue to monitor that and provide updates for the investors once we see more progress in that area.
Lisa Barton: Alex, the one thing that I would add to what Robert talked about is the fact that we are focused on affordability. We understand that that's going to be a driver of growth in the future. So from a cultural standpoint, the entire organization is really focused on evaluating our processes, our cost structure to make sure that we're delivering as best we can for our customers and communities.
Alex Mortimer: Okay. Understood. And then on more of a big picture level, we've seen a move to promote gas bands even in cold weather states like Massachusetts. How do you think about the long-term outlook for gas utilities and your gas infrastructure?
John Larsen: Yes. Alex, I think we're still at a point where it's going to be very important, particularly in the region and climate that we have for gas to play a major role, certainly understand there's going to be lot of discussion about the role of natural gas, where it plays on either producing for generation or for home heating. But for at least the immediate future and for a while past that, we see natural gas playing a very important role.
Lisa Barton: And the only thing I would add is our – the one thing I would add is our renewables portfolio really protects our customers from fuel cost volatility. The fact that 40% of our retail customers were served by renewable resources is a big differentiator, I think, for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from James Kennedy at Guggenheim.
James Kennedy: Just a quick one. I'm sorry if I missed this. But what will you be in a position to provide in terms of guidance with the next update if the Wisconsin case is still outstanding?
Robert Durian: Yes, James, this is Robert. So if you think forward to the third quarter conference call in early November in the EEI Finance Conference that will be shortly after that. We will be providing updated capital expenditure and rate base projections for 2023 through 2027. And expect to have additional insights on expectations of our rate reviews in Iowa and Wisconsin to provide us more specifics on what we'll see for earnings guidance and financing plans in 2024.
James Kennedy: Okay. But the formal guidance might have to wait?
Robert Durian: To be determined. Like I said, we're expecting to make good progress with both of those proceedings in Wisconsin and Iowa and hopefully have more details or specifics regarding exactly what we'll show for earnings guidance in '24 and financing plans for '24. We're still very confident with the 5% to 7% long-term growth plan for EPS. So you shouldn't expect anything. But we'll just provide some more specifics hopefully, once we get further through these rate reviews.
James Kennedy: Okay. Cool. And then on the settlement, the battery wasn't included. So I guess, just pathways forward there. Any color you can provide?
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe, James, I’ll just note that battery storage is very cost-effective solution and quite frankly, important part of our resource plan for our customers. So we fully expect to advance energy storage, but there are some options on kind of the regulatory, recovery and proceeding going forward. So a little more to be played out as the RPU proceeding advances. So I think we’ll have more updates as we get to the Q3 call or EEI on the energy storage.
Operator: As there are no other questions, I will turn the conference back to Susan Gille for any closing remarks.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy’s second quarter earnings call. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed conclude your conference call for this morning. We would like to thank you all for participating and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy Conference Call for First Quarter 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Board Chair and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2023 financial results. This release as well as an earnings presentation that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. To begin the call, I want to acknowledge that we recently celebrated Alliant Energy's 25th anniversary. On April 21, 1998, our three predecessor companies, IES Utilities, Interstate Power Company and Wisconsin Power & Light officially came together as one unified company we know today as Alliant Energy. I'd like to recognize all employees past and present who have built and continue to build one of the most consistent performing energy companies in the nation. Because of this team, Alliant Energy has reliably delivered energy to our customers while continuing to provide the stability and growth that investors expect. This is in addition to the unwavering dedication from our employees to work safely and strengthen our connection with communities and customers we proudly serve. As we continue our long track record of consistent execution, 2023 is off to a solid start, and our strong investment thesis remains. Despite warmer-than-expected weather and taking into account timing of tax expenses, which will reverse later this year, we achieved Q1 results on plan. We have reaffirmed our annual earnings guidance of $2.82 to $2.96, and we remain committed to delivering on our long-term 5% to 7% growth target. It has been a busy and productive start to the year. I will highlight several updates that demonstrate our strategy, purpose in motion. We are continuing to invest in advance toward a more reliable and sustainable energy future. Investing in a diverse and reliable energy mix is a top priority. At the same time, we are building a more resilient energy network. Resilience and reliability are the foundation of our recently filed rate review in Wisconsin. Our customers continue to see benefits of our prudent investments in diversifying the energy resources within our portfolio. We are committed to making our energy supply competitive and reliable, creating a diverse mix of resources that help to reduce exposure to energy price volatility and deliver value to our customers. An example of that is our renewable and battery storage investments. These investments have no fuel costs and generate tax credits, which flow back to customers. We continue to manage through and mitigate ongoing inflationary pressures, our work to accelerate our strategic spend initiatives in 2022 and recently completed financing have positioned us well for 2023 and beyond. Our proactive efforts to build a flexible, reliable and resilient energy grid, a key element of our Clean Energy Blueprint, have demonstrated strong results and helped us successfully navigate the recent extreme weather events. One example is our continued focus on placing electric distribution lines underground. We have made significant progress in this effort with over 1/4 of our distribution lines already underground. And in 2022, 55% of our customers experienced no power outages and approximately 80% of outage events were restored in less than 2 hours. Another key area of progress is our renewable energy portfolio. We continue to be the largest owner-operator of solar in Wisconsin, we have all solar sites and panels in our control for our planned 1.1 gigawatts of utility-scale solar projects within Wisconsin, and we are on track to put the approximately 840 megawatts of remaining utility-scale solar in service by the first half of 2024. And while we're proud of our industry-leading renewable investments and the progress we're making on our clean energy blueprint, our efforts go beyond these investments. We focus on all aspects of ESG as we execute our plan. A great example of this is our Wood County Solar project in Wisconsin. This project was recently awarded ISI's Envision Platinum Award for sustainability, highlighting the project's contributions to the environmental protections, social well-being and equity, all while helping the community thrive economically. This recognition showcases the tenets of our Clean Energy Blueprint and our purpose. In Iowa, we're continuing to advance our solar and storage projects. Robert will share more on the status of the regulatory proceedings but I'll note that we remain committed to advancing clean energy projects and delivering on the benefits they will provide to our customers and communities. As part of our transition in Iowa, we will soon be closing our Lansing coal facility. For decades, our dedicated employees at the Lansing Generating Station have been providing customers and communities with safe and reliable energy. As we transition from coal towards a cleaner energy mix, we are caring for our employees, creating new jobs and bringing economic development opportunities to the communities we serve. Ultimately, the closing of the facility helps control long-term costs for customers and is another step in advancing our clean energy blueprint. One last area I'll mention is technology. We are excited to have made advancements in grid and customer technologies that will enable us to enhance service to our customers, more quickly respond and restore power and improve the customer and employee experience. We believe this will improve customer satisfaction and provide cost savings and efficiencies. I'll end my remarks where I began with our employees. I mentioned the hard work of our employees at the outset. I'm always happy to see their hard work recognized by other organizations. For the fifth year in a row, we've made the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index. And once again, we were named to Newsweek's list of America's most trustworthy companies. Great recognition for our dedicated employees and the result of their work serving our customers and communities. We've been fortunate to build on the legacy of employees that have come before us, and I'd like to spend a special thank you to the nearly 500 employees who are part of these last 25 years of Alliant Energy for your contributions to our consistent and sustained success. To reinforce where we are in 2023, I want to reiterate our continued ability to deliver consistent results and the year-over-year execution of our strategy that has enabled Alliant Energy to be a top performer within our industry. We look forward to another year of solid financial and operational performance, and we appreciate your continued interest in our company. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $0.65 per share. The primary drivers of the quarter-over-quarter EPS variances were the impacts of warmer temperatures than last year, resulting in lower retail electric and gas sales for this quarter. Higher interest expense due to additional financings and increasing interest rates and the timing of income tax expense that will reverse later this year. These items were partially offset by higher earnings resulting from increasing revenue requirements and allowance for funds used during construction from Wisconsin Power & Light's capital investments. For the full year, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $2.82 to $2.96 per share. The midpoint of that range is a 6% increase over 2022 adjusted earnings per share. Details on our quarter earnings drivers and 2023 full year earnings guidance can be found on Slide 3. To assist you in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, I wanted to provide some additional context to a few of the quarterly 2023 drivers. First, in anticipation of continuing inflationary pressures, we accelerated our cost transformation efforts in the second half of 2022. We do not anticipate the same heightened spend in the second half of 2023 for such efforts. Thus, we are anticipating that most of our year-over-year O&M savings will occur in the second half of 2023. Second, we anticipate quarter-over-quarter variances related to interest expense were at their highest level in the first quarter with the quarter-over-quarter variances expected to taper as we proceed through the year. This quarterly interest expense impact is based on the cadence of our financings in 2022 versus 2023. And third, income tax expenses recorded each quarter based on an estimated annual effective tax rate and the proportion of full year earnings generated each quarter. This causes fluctuations in the amounts of tax expenses quarter-over-quarter, but it will not have an impact on our full year earnings. We've already executed a large portion of our 2023 financing plan to fund our investments in renewable projects and to support refinancing of $400 million debt maturity in 2023. In March, Alliant Energy issued $575 million of 3.875% convertible senior notes maturing in 2026. These convertible notes offered us an attractive financing opportunity given the current interest rate environment. In March, WPL also issued $300 million of 4.950% Green Bonds maturing in 2033. The proceeds from this offering will be used for the development and acquisition of solar generating units, which are a key component of our clean energy blueprint. We have taken proactive steps to significantly reduce exposure to higher interest rates with these two debt issuances and an interest rate swap all executed in the first quarter of 2023. These actions will help insulate us from interest rate increases and produce better-than-expected interest expense relative to our annual plan. Earlier this year, we also closed on the sale of 25 megawatts of our West Riverside natural gas facility to MG&E. And we are working towards a closing on the sale of 100 megawatts of West Riverside to WEC Energy later this quarter. The sales of these partial interests in West Riverside were included in our plans and are expected to provide combined proceeds of approximately $125 million. We're also making progress with plans to start transferring 2023 renewable tax credits later this year after we received guidance from the treasury on the requirements for such transfers under the inflation Reduction Act. We have seen strong interest in transferring these tax credits, and the proceeds from these asset transfers will help fund our future utility investments and reduce some of our future financing needs. The remaining financings for 2023 include plans to issue up to $300 million of long-term debt IPO and plans to raise up to $225 million of new common equity through our at-the-market program. The ATM is in addition to the $25 million of common equity that we expect to raise under our DRIP plan. The 2023 financing plan is driven by robust capital expenditure plans, and supports our objective to maintain the capital structures at our two utilities, consistent with their most recent regulatory decisions. We've included our key regulatory initiatives for 2023 on Slide 5. Starting in Wisconsin. Last week, WPL filed an electric and gas rate review for test years 2024 and 2025. The filing includes recovery of several investments that support sustainability and resiliency while keeping customer value and competitive rates top of mind. These investments include nearly 1.1 gigawatts of solar generation in the state by mid-2024 and 274 megawatts of energy storage by 2025. WPL is also exploring opportunities to enhance the value of its existing natural gas assets with new projects to increase output and efficiency. Finally, we plan to continue investing in underground distribution and standardizing system voltage to enhance resiliency while reducing O&M expenses. Next steps in the rate review process included a discovery phase and audit by the PSCW staff and interveners, with a hearing anticipated in early fall and a final decision expected from the PSCW later this year. More details on the rate review, including key terms requested in this filing can be found on Slides 6 and 7. Additionally in Wisconsin, WPL recently submitted its 2022 fuel reconciliation filing. This field reconciliation filing is requesting future recovery of $117 million of additional field costs incurred by WPL in 2022 due to higher energy cost to serve its customers. WPL currently anticipates a decision from the PSCW on this filing in the third quarter of this year. While our utilities experienced higher fuel costs in 2022 driven by elevated commodity prices, during the first 3 months of 2023, we have experienced significant reductions in natural gas prices which will help lower fuel costs for our Wisconsin customers in the future. And in Iowa, we have already started passing these lower fuel cost benefits on to our customers through the monthly fuel cost tariff. Looking forward in Wisconsin, we are preparing applications to request approval for capacity and efficiency improvements for some of our natural gas-fired peaking units. Also, we are awaiting the PSCW decision on the proposed 274 megawatts of battery storage projects. These projects were part of the capital expenditure plan announced in the third quarter of 2022 and are part of the proposed revenue requirement WPL's recently filed rate review for test periods 2024 and 2025. Moving on to our Iowa jurisdiction. In late 2021, we filed for advanced rate making principles for approximately 400 megawatts of solar generation and 75 megawatts of battery storage. In January of this year, we provided additional testimony and evidence to the Iowa Utilities Board as requested in this proceeding. This testimony and evidence further demonstrated that IPL is taking prudent action to meet its customers' need for capacity, and our projects represent cost-effective solutions compared to alternative options available in the market. Last week, the IUB approved advance ratemaking principles for 200 megawatts of build-transfer solar projects at the Duane Arnold location. And we are proceeding with the judicial review requesting a District Court decision to enable the IUB to issue advanced frame-making principles for the 200 megawatts of Creston and Weaver self-build solar projects and 75 megawatts of battery storage projects. We are confident these projects will provide customer benefits including reliability and resiliency and remain committed to executing these projects. With an active regulatory calendar, we look forward to getting to know and engage with the new commissioner in Wisconsin, Summer Strand and the two new Board members in Iowa, Sarah Martz and Eric Helen. We congratulate them on their appointments. We appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. As always, we will make our Investor Relations materials available on our website. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Dariusz Lozny with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Dariusz Lozny: Just wanted to maybe pick up on that last comment that Robert was making about the advanced ratemaking process in Iowa. I noticed that the Duane Arnold order included no ROE incentive, which had been included in projects in the past. Just wondering with just kind of given where you guys are in the energy transition in Iowa, obviously, you've got the blueprint out there. Can you maybe comment on expectations for future ROE incentives on future projects that you'll be proposing?
John Larsen: Yes. Certainly. Thanks for the question. John here, and Robert wants to add anything, feel free to do so, Robert. Feel very confident that certainly, the projects we put forward, we feel that they met the standard for driving generation and investment in Iowa providing economic development benefits a bit disappointed. We didn't receive that fixed ROE approval, but feel very confident in that process going forward in the RPU. And quite frankly, pleased to be at this point in the process, and we look forward to working with the IUB and the new members on this for future projects.
Dariusz Lozny: One more, if I could. And again, this is probably more a little bit high level. Can you comment at all on the opportunity set that you see for repowering any of your existing wind assets in the portfolio?
John Larsen: Yes. Certainly, we have wind facilities that we placed in service, think of it as maybe a decade or so ago that we feel that those are in position now for a potential repower either partial or full. So we've been evaluating that, and we've signaled before that certainly on our look forward possible investments. So they are certainly in position for economic benefit for customers to do that repower. So that's on our ongoing study, and we think we have some great potential there.
Dariusz Lozny: And just to confirm, John, nothing in the existing plan as far as capital for repowering?
John Larsen: Correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Gille, back over to you.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy's first quarter earnings call. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank your participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year End 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I'd like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President, and CEO and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end 2022 financial results and affirmed our 2023 earnings guidance. This release as well as an earnings presentation will -- which will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release which is available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2022 was another successful year of solid operations and financial performance. This was our 13th straight year of delivering results in our 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth range and the 20th year, two decades straight, of consecutive dividend increases. We had one of our best reliability years on record with top-tier performance. Our wind generation produced the most wind energy in our history, providing approximately $160 million of fuel cost savings for our customers. We continued our progress towards net zero, decreasing carbon dioxide by nearly 40% off of 2005 levels, and we kept up 2022 with very strong economic development in both Iowa and Wisconsin with over 100 megawatts of announced load that will bring new jobs and new investments. As I reflect on the past year, what makes me most proud of Alliant Energy is the continued dedication and service from our employees. As they strengthen our connection with the customers and communities we proudly serve. In 2023, we will be celebrating Alliant Energy's 25th year. I'm proud to be part of Alliant Energy. I'm proud of our team, and I'm inspired by our purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities. Our employees focus on this purpose has enabled us to once again, deliver the results you have come to expect from Alliant Energy. Our purpose continues to be the source of our strength and guides us through the ever-changing dynamics, within our economy and our industry. I'll highlight a few areas of progress and then turn it over to Robert to recap financial results and provide an update on regulatory proceedings. In 2022, we continue to execute on our Clean Energy Blueprint by adding renewables in the states where our customers live, which allows us to invest in the communities we served and add skilled union jobs and local revenues. This is another example of how our purpose is at the center of our strategy. We added 250 megawatts of solar at our Bear Creek, North Rock and Wood County Wisconsin sites, positioning us as the largest owner-operator of solar generation in Wisconsin. We are on track to bring into service an additional 850 megawatts of utility-scale solar, by the first half of 2024 in Wisconsin. We continue to progress our Clean Energy Blueprint in Iowa, advancing renewables and our efforts to place electric lines underground, improving the reliability of our system. And while we are not yet at the conclusion of the advanced ratemaking process in Iowa for our solar and storage projects, we continue to follow the well-defined steps within the regulatory and procedural process to demonstrate that these projects are cost-effective and reasonable. We remain confident these projects are in the best interest of our customers and will supply the energy, reliability and resilience, that our customers depend on. Another great success story is the advancement of solar gardens. We are building one near Cedar Rapids, Iowa with Transamerica and Aegon as our main customers. And we're partnering with Mercury Marine in Wisconsin to build a similar solar facility. These projects help advance the sustainability objectives of our customers. And we also use these local investments to advance our focus on the social part of ESG, providing some of the solar energy to partners like Habitat for Humanity. This continued focus on economic development and our customers were contributing factors, in being named a top utility in economic development by Site Selection magazine, for the fourth year in a row. And I'm proud to say that this work also contributed to the recently being awarded the Chairman's Award for Workforce Development leadership, which is the center for energy workforce development's highest honor. While we were proud to receive many recognitions this past year for the work that we do in our communities, the recognition I'm most proud of, focuses on our employee experience. For the fifth year in a row, we were named by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation, as the best place to work. And for the fifth year in a row to Forbes list of America's best midsized employers. And speaking with many of you, one of the things I'm reminded of is our strong core investment thesis. That is why you choose to invest in our company. Simply put, we delivered consistent results. Our well-executed forward-thinking and flexible strategy, coupled with constructive regulatory jurisdictions, has been a major part of our success. We not only deliver near-term results, but continue to take steps to help reduce future risks and provide the stability investors have come to expect from our company. A well-executed strategy has positioned us as a leader on the path to a clean, reliable and affordable energy future. We are well positioned to quickly adapt to a dynamic economic environment and weather challenges, while delivering on investor and customer expectations. 2022 was a clear example of this. Our efforts to move lines underground, continue the advancement of solar projects and strong operations in the face of weather events. While delivering solid results for our investors and reliable service for our customers, underscores the flexibility of our strategy and the dedication of the team, I am privileged to lead. And speaking of dedication, I want to pass on my appreciation to our employees that have worked through difficult conditions in the recent weather event to safely restore our power to our customers. As we move forward in 2023, you can have confidence that we will continue to take the required action that is needed to meet our customers' needs. We thank each one of you for continuing to be engaged in our journey and we look forward to connecting with you throughout 2023. At this time, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2022 GAAP earnings of $2.73 per share compared to $2.63 per share in 2021. On an adjusted basis, which excluded the impacts of temperatures and non-recurring adjustments, our earnings per share increased 6% from 2021. Looking year-over-year, the increase in 2022 was driven by higher earnings from capital investments at our Wisconsin utility and higher electric and gas margins. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher financing and depreciation expenses. Our diverse retail customer base supported the higher electric and gas margins in 2022. Residential temperature-normalized electric sales increased by almost 1%, largely due to strong customer growth. We also saw higher-than-expected sales from commercial customers with continued recovery from COVID for several business sectors in our service territory. These were offset by lower industrial sales, primarily due to temporary plant shutdowns at some of our larger customers. In 2022, we also saw a better than expected temperature-normalized natural gas sales enabled by solid customer growth. The 2022 results we are sharing today are result of our consistent efforts to manage through and mitigate ongoing inflationary pressures. We're extremely proud that we kept 2022 utility operating expenses in line with 2021 and we were able to manage through and offset the negative impacts on earnings from rising interest and fuel costs. Our work in 2022 accelerated strategic initiatives that will set us up for many years to come. We invested in economic development and electrification that will enable future sales growth. We updated our resource planning to maximize Inflation Reduction Act benefits, and meet the new MISO seasonal reliability requirements. And we accelerated technology and automation investments to improve efficiency. As we look to 2023, we anticipate operating and maintenance expenses will be lower than 2022, continuing our trend of flat to declining O&M to enable cost savings for our customers. We recorded a few nonrecurring adjustments in 2022. These included $0.03 per share related to the Iowa state income tax rate change, $0.02 per share related to retirement plan settlement losses, at the end of 2022 and $0.02 per share related to a reserve adjustment for American Transmission Companies base ROE changes. Turning to 2023. We are positioned for another year of consistent 5% to 7% earnings per share growth. We are affirming our 2023 earnings guidance range with a midpoint of $2.89 per share, representing a 6% increase over 2022 adjusted earnings. Our 2023 earnings drivers include earnings on customer investments in our core utility business, and our continued efforts to reduce cost to increase customer value. Higher depreciation and financing expenses associated with these investments will partially offset these positive drivers. Our efforts to support customer value through making smart investments in our future support our ability to consistently deliver strong financial results. Other key assumptions for 2023 include growing sales by approximately 0.5% of 1%, led by higher sales to our commercial and industrial customers. And we estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 1%, with substantial production tax credits generated by our large wind portfolio and growing solar portfolio, helping us maintain low effective tax rates for the upcoming year and several more years to come. The benefits from these production tax credits are passed on to our electric customers to help them manage their bills and therefore, are largely earnings neutral. Our financing plans for 2023 include a mix of new debt supplemented with modest new common equity to finance our investments in renewable projects and to support refinancing a $400 million debt maturity in 2023. In December, we launched an At The Market or ATM program as our intended approach for raising up to $225 million of new common equity throughout 2023, which is in addition to the $25 million of common equity that we expect to raise under our DRIP finance. And in January, we entered into an interest rate swap to help reduce the risk of rising interest rates related to a portion of our variable-rate debt. The 2023 financing plan is driven by robust capital expenditure plans and supports our objective to maintain the capital structures at our two utilities consistent with our most recent regulatory decisions. Next, I'll highlight this year's key regulatory initiatives. Last month, we provided additional testimony and evidence to the Iowa Utilities Board and IPL's advanced remaking proceeding. This testimony and evidence further demonstrates that IPL is taking prudent actions to meet its customers' need for capacity by advancing Iowa-based solar and storage projects that represent cost-effective solutions compared to alternative options available in the market. We also informed the IUB that we have identified our self-developed Creston and Wever projects as the second 200 megawatts of solar products, in addition to the 200 megawatts build transfer solar projects at the Duane Arnold site. To date, we've provided all the information requested by the IUB demonstrating that these projects are in the best interest of our customers. The IUB's decision this week to pause the advanced rate making process is procedural. We are working through both the regulatory and judicial processes in parallel, and following the well-defined process to move these projects forward. Next, we expect the IUB to file a response with the District Court in early March. We are confident these projects will provide considerable customer benefits, including reliability and resiliency and remain committed to executing these projects while we await the IUB's final rule. In Wisconsin, we are awaiting a decision from the PSCW on WEC Energy's purchase of a portion of our West Riverside natural gas generating facility. We are also anticipating decisions from the PSCW in 2023 on WPL's request for 274 megawatts of battery storage. 175 megawatts of these battery projects would complement 2 of WPL solar projects and 99 megawatts of the battery projects will be located by our Edgewater Generating Station to take advantage of the existing infrastructure and transmission rights at that location. Finally, we plan on filing a normal biennial electric and gas rate review in Wisconsin for test years 2024 and 2025 in the second quarter. In both states, we are also anticipating making filings to support additional resources for growing dispatchable generation capacity, needed to improve seasonal reliability and meet customer energy needs. As always, we continue to move forward proposing energy investments that support both sustainability and resiliency, keeping our customers' needs top of mind. I will conclude with a recap of the prominent legislation enacted this past year that has set us up for a solid future financial success, while providing significant customer cost benefits. Alliant Energy is a strong beneficiary of the Inflation Reduction Act. As it directly supports our strategic plans to advance cleaner energy for our customers, while providing significant customer and investor benefits. The IRA enables additional rate base opportunities while also lowering customer costs with a shift from tax equity to full ownership for our planned solar and battery projects. In our November 2022 refreshed capital expenditure plan, we incorporated the benefits of the IRA along with the changes from the MISO seasonal construct, which provides visibility to our planned 8% rate base growth through 2026. Another key element of the IRA improves our cash flows, through the ability to transfer renewable tax credits starting with those generated in 2023. With a large portion of wind and solar projects, we anticipate that we'll be able to transfer up to approximately $150 million of 2023 tax credits. As we continue to add more solar and battery projects over the next few years, the amount of annual transferable credits will continue to grow. We expect this to positively impact our credit metrics through acceleration of cash and reduction in future external financing needs and to lower our customer costs by reducing sharing costs on tax credit carryforwards. The IRA will provide significant benefits for our customers and investors with no notable downsides as we expect to remain exempt from the alternative minimum tax for the foreseeable future. And finally, we also expect to benefit from new state tax legislation enacted in Iowa in 2022, which is lowering state corporate tax rates, enabling us to pass millions of dollars of annual savings onto our customers in Iowa for decades into the future. We appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open the call to questions from members of the investment community. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
John Larsen: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. So, just two quick ones here. I guess the first one is, as we kind of look at -- look ahead to the rate case filing in Wisconsin, you guys built up a substantial fuel deferral last year at WPL. How should we be thinking about, I guess, your regulatory pathways to spreading this out, and more broadly, I guess how should we be thinking about the total rate increases you're targeting, i.e., is there a double-digit guardrail here? Thanks.
Robert Durian: Yeah, thanks Shar. This is Robert. So think of those will be separate proceedings. So we'll go through the process with the 2022 fuel costs, validating the prudency of those costs. And then most likely starting maybe even later this year, the recovery process of those costs. Regarding the rate case in Wisconsin, think of that as a separate process. Most likely, we'll file that sometime in early second quarter. And we'll be identifying what those recoveries for really, what I would say is very transparent rate base additions that we've been signaling to the commission for some time. That rate case is largely going be centered around the solar projects, the 1,100 megawatts that they've been talking about, especially moving from tax equity to full ownership. So that on top of the battery projects that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, are going to be the key rate base drivers. And so that is going to be well transparent with the commission and we think that will go over pretty well. As far as the increases for customers' bills, we're targeting single-digit percentages for 2024 and 2025 when you factor in all of those pieces, including what we see is some nice benefits, as far as fuel cost reductions from those solar projects will be putting into service as well as the tax benefits.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. The last point was what I was trying to get at. And then just I guess, maybe a familiar question at this point, but any sort of incremental clarity or thoughts on how we should be thinking about the equity needs post 2023, as you work through the cash flow impacts of the IRA? And are you still targeting roughly $100 million to $200 million of cash flow benefits from the ITC PTCs?
John Larsen: Yeah. I think you've got the number right, Shar on the -- on the IRA benefits. So, I think that's -- it really hasn't changed a whole lot. The one thing I'd add is, given our continued focus on solar and renewables, we do think we'll be one of the early adopters and beneficiaries of the IRA with the projects we have in flight right now.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. That was nice and simple. Appreciate it, guys.
John Larsen: Yeah. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning to you. Hope you guys are well. Thank you for the time. Appreciate it. Perhaps just picking up where Shar left off, just a little bit further if I can for the sake of it. On Columbia and the fuel situation there, how are you managing that impact on Wisconsin rate payers, and perhaps more specifically, how are you managing coal supplies today considering the backdrop? Just sort of where do we stand today? I mean, are we largely through some of these issues or what's the latest, if you will?
John Larsen: Yeah. Maybe I'll take the coal supply part. We've done a lot of work on a number of fronts in 2022, Shar, and even a bit ahead of that on the coal supply. So, we feel in very good shape as we go forward on the coal supply and maybe I'll let Robert if you want to talk a little bit about -- more on the fuel part.
Robert Durian: Yeah, Julien, thank you for that. We're looking at a bunch of different options right now as far as spreading those fuel cost recoveries over multiple years, really to help as I indicated before, manage the customer bills to reasonable levels as far as increases over the next couple of years.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. I appreciate. Just talk to us a little bit about the core challenge, the decision to create kind of a parallel pathway here in pursuing some degree of certainty on that construct, if you will, just the strategy, right? Typically, we see these kinds of more nuanced issues continue to remain within the confines of regulatory processes. Maybe that's the way I'd frame it.
Robert Durian: Yeah, when we think about how we're approaching that or maybe talk a little bit about the procedures that we have been through since the last time we talked in the -- in the third quarter call. So, in December of 2022, the IUB did grant us the authority to move -- basically reconsider the 200 megawatts of solar at the Duane Arnold sites. But they did not allow us to reconsider the second 200 megawatts of solar. Really what they were looking for there is some more specific details on the location of the projects that hadn't been identified yet. And so when we took the opportunity then in January to do is provide all the information the IUB was requesting, including evidence that now demonstrates a pretty comprehensive record that shows that our projects are the most cost effective and reasonable solutions for the customers, when you compare them to some of the other alternative sources of supply that are available. As part of that process, we really didn't have a pathway forward for the second 200 megawatts of solar or 75 megawatts of battery. So we filed a judicial review to allow us to move that forward, and continue to progress that as far as the opportunity for the advance remaking principles. So as part of kind of the most recent developments with that earlier this week, the IUB issued an order really causing the decision to let the traditional process to move forward, and we expect the IUB -- we'll be making a filing or filing some information with the courts, most likely by the first part of March and after which, then we'll most likely be making some -- also some filings on that. And I kind of think of these, as all procedural steps to really allow us to continue to move forward with the process to be able to get those advanced banking principles. I think it's really important for us to highlight that we remain committed to these projects. We think they're great projects for our customers and they're very cost effective. So we're confident in our ability to move forward with them, but we have to go through these procedural steps to really allow us the opportunity to have those advanced rate purchases.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Alright, thank you, guys, very much. And then just quickly next rate case in Iowa, just how does it fit in here, if you will, if there's any consideration around that?
John Larsen: Yes, Julien, we signaled by the first half of 2024. But think of it as the timing with the next rate case is going to be about our next CapEx that we have, and Robert talked about that with solar. Right now, the current schedule of those solar projects are in service by end of 2024. So if you think of those as tied together, but we'll tighten up that time frame as the year progresses.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent guys. Thank you. Good luck, alright. Thank you for the time.
John Larsen: Yeah. Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Happy Friday. So can you just -- I just wanted to tie off the calendar here. Can you just give us a sense of how long the judicial process lasts before the advanced ratemaking docket will resume, essentially?
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, this is Robert. So there's no definitive time frame regarding the judicial process, but we have asked for expedited review is how I'd characterize it. Largely because as we continue to move forward with these projects, like a lot of the other utilities, we are seeing costs continue to increase. So we have a desire to try and get these in, as soon as possible to make them as cost effective as possible for our customers. But there is no definitive time frame, but we'll be continuing to work closely with both the IUB as well as the judicial process to try and get these done as quickly as possible.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And obviously, you have a long history of these RPUs providing solid returns for your renewables investments. I guess just if you were to kind of pursue a plan where you're moving some of these new investments more into that retail base rate in a traditional -- in a more kind of traditional rate filing. Is the midpoint of your long-term guidance for 6% still achievable on that strategy? Just trying to understand if it's a headwind or not. Thank you.
John Larsen: Yeah Nick, John here. And we're still very confident in our 5% to 7% in midpoint.
Nicholas Campanella: Great. And then just one last one for me, is just with all the attention on deferred fuel and as we kind of progress through recovery, have you quantified how much of a drag that is on your credit currently and what the improvement could be?
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, when we look at, I'll say, AEC as an entire company, specifically at the FFO to debt metric, we are slightly below the targeted level for AEC, largely because of the timing of those fuel cost recoveries, as well as some additional solar construction costs. We incurred financing on, in 2022 as a result of pivoting away from a tax equity partnership to full ownership. . We expect those credit metrics to improve materially when you look out about 12 months. As we begin to recover those fuel costs as well as we get to the next rate case in Wisconsin where we'll start recovering those additional solar costs as well. So we feel very confident about the ability, like I said, within the next 12 month window to be able to improve those metrics. We're also cautiously optimistic that as early as 2023, we might be able to start realizing the benefits of our tax credits that have available to be sold now into the market as a result of the IRA. So a lot of positive developments we see over the next 12 months when it comes to those credit metrics.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for the time today.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning, everybody.
John Larsen: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: [Technical Difficulty] you can see then rate-making process is done. If so, can the ROE be modified during or after construction or will the construction not begin until that's resolved?
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, I would think of it, as we'll continue to work the process with the advanced rate making principles over the next few months. We still have a little bit of time, I would characterize to be able to get through that process, and not need to start those construction projects. But once we get to the second half of this year, I would expect that we'll be starting the construction. And hopefully, we'll have all of the RPU process that's completed, and get an answer from the IUB to support them.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. I guess what about the part about -- do the ROE need to be locked in, before construction? Or can that -- can the uncertainty continue during construction?
Robert Durian: No, we would expect that we'll be locking in the ROE before construction starts. We need to, like I said, follow those procedural steps to make that happen. But I don't think that we'll be starting that construction until we have better clarity on that.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Very good. Then switching to Wisconsin. I know you're going to file in the next couple of months, second quarter of this year. Obviously, your neighbors saw some bumps in the road with their rate case last year. My question is, are you able to share any lessons learned from that or any changes to your approach? And do you think the settlement might still be possible or is that off the table?
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, I'd say we're -- we feel well positioned for the filing that we have. So it really isn't a change for us. We've used what we call our Clean Energy Blueprint process to be very transparent on the projects that we'll have. And in fact, many of them have already been in front of the commission or vetted and very strong cost management. So we understand the balance with affordability. As far as settlement, it's certainly always a possibility as we think about filing. We're certainly well positioned, if we'll go through the entire process, but also see the opportunity for potential settlement along the way.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Alex Mortimer from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Alexander Mortimer: Hi, good morning. Thank you very much. So, I know you mentioned the transfer of about $150 million of tax credits in 2023 and then eventually having that grow to somewhere around $200 million. I'm just curious what the growth trajectory of that looks like if that's a 2024, 2025 story or if there's sort of a later date that you're looking at the $200 million number for?
Robert Durian: Yeah Alex, this is Robert. So think of that $100 million to $200 million was identified as the 2023 number, which we picked the midpoint there of $150 million. As we complete the construction of the 1,100 megawatts of solar in Wisconsin, we continue to add up to 350 megawatts of new battery projects. Those tax credits actually get probably closer to $300 million to $400 million on an annual basis. And think of that over probably once you get to the 2025 time frame, you'll see those types of levels. So -- so that's what gives us a lot of optimism about future cash flow opportunities, when it comes to the transferability of these tax credits.
Alexander Mortimer: Okay, wonderful. And then, you mentioned FFO to debt target. Just what is the -- what's the amount you're targeting for that? And then sort of what's the timeline you're looking at getting there with all the tailwinds provided from the IRA?
Robert Durian: Yeah, right now for AEC, our consolidated group, think of that in that 14% to 15% range, and we expect to be at that point, like I said, in the next 12 months in that 2024 time frame.
Alexander Mortimer: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Verition. Please go ahead.
Ashar Khan: Hi, I think some of my question has been answered, but if I can just summarize it. So by the time we come -- and hopefully, I'm sure you'll be able to do it, but if I can just put it in my notebook. So by the time we come to the second quarter call in end of July or early August, you're expecting some kind of resolution by the courts and IUB, on the advanced rate making process because that is when I guess you need to start construction. Is that a fair kind of like, time line by which this issue has to be resolved by?
Robert Durian: I think that's a reasonable estimation of the time line. When we think about the second half of 2023 and the start of construction, we're looking for the opportunity to get through all of the IUB and introduce a reuse by that point in time. We don't have complete control over that. But again, we're going to petition the fact that our expeditious review of this will really help support our customers and bring it in those cost-effective solutions for them quicker. So, I think your time frame is, generally speaking, a good one.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And then if I'm right, just I know I hope we don't get into this situation, but I think so you have said that, that if in case it doesn't go our way, you can then substitute that CapEx with something pretty quickly, something else in its place so the rate base growth and the earnings growth do not get harmed from the delay in the project or the cancellation of the project. Is that correct -- is that the correct assumption as well?
Robert Durian: Yeah. I would say there is a strong need for capacity when you think about as we project out and as part of our resource planning with the retirement of our Lansing coal plants here in the first half of 2023. We know we need additional resources. We think these are the best resource options for us. But if they're not supported by the process that we're going through, we do have other potential avenues for capacity resources that we'll need to put into place.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And my last thing if I may, I might not have heard it properly. So, what is the likely timing of the next Iowa rate case?
John Larsen: Yeah. What I had shared was, we'll communicate it by the first half of 2024. And again, as we noted, that's going to be tied to the final timing of our solar projects within IPL.
Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now turn the call back over to Ms. Susan Gille for closing remarks.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask, that you please disconnect your lines. Have a lovely day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Chair, President and CEO; Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results, narrowed and raised the midpoint of our 2022 earnings guidance range and announced the 2023 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. It also provided our annual capital expenditure plan through 2026. This release as well as an earnings presentation, which will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We continue to be on track for another solid year with strong financial and operating results. I'll hit - on the key headlines and then turn it over to Robert for additional details. I'll start with 2022. A combination of solid weather-normalized sales, positive temperature impact, project execution and our continued focus on cost management have us well-positioned for another year of achieving our long-term guidance objectives. As a result, we are increasing and narrowing our 2022 earnings guidance range. We are well positioned for 2022 to be the 13th year in a row of achieving our targeted 5% to 7% earnings growth objective. And turning to 2023, I'm pleased to share our earnings guidance and dividend target. We pride ourselves on consistency, and these targets demonstrate our commitment to our long-term 5% to 7% earnings growth objectives. Our 2023 earnings midpoint represents a 6% increase to our forecasted 2022 temperature-normalized adjusted earnings. And our 2023 common stock dividend target is $1.81 per share, which is a 6% increase from the prior year. Our commitment to steady and predictable results has never been stronger. Another key headline is our updated capital investment forecast. We are adding $2.4 billion of investment compared to last year's plan. This is yet another indication of how our well-executed and transparent Clean Energy Blueprint has us positioned for long-term growth. Our Clean Energy Blueprint serves as our road map to deliver on our purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities. It's not only well-designed for success, but also flexible, allowing us to adjust and adapt to the needs of our customers and economic changes. One of the largest opportunities to add value for our customers is the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA. Our success in advancing and executing our capital projects this year has us well-positioned to take advantage of the many customer benefits from the IRA. An example of this was our fast pivot away from tax equity to full ownership of our solar projects. As we shared in the last call, we haven't taken our foot off the gas as we continue to execute on our large solar project portfolio. This positioned us well to take immediate advantage of the IRA, providing even greater benefits to our customers and value to our shareowners. On our current solar and battery projects, our customers will see nearly $500 million of incremental net present value benefits as a result of the impacts from the IRA when compared to traditional ownership. We don't have to change our plans to take advantage of the IRA. It's a natural fit with our Clean Energy Blueprint. Another area of focus is addressing the proposed MISO seasonal capacity construct. We've shared in previous calls how this has also impacted retirement dates for some of our remaining coal facilities. We have always kept a balanced generation portfolio, and while the end state of our blueprint will not change, this new construct will advance our need for dispatchable and flexible generation, ensuring reliable service to our customers no matter the season. As we embrace these opportunities, we revised our capital expenditure plan, which contributed to a solid 8% rate base growth through 2026. Approximately one-half of our investments over the next four years will be in renewable generation and battery storage, a strong demonstration of our commitment to a clean energy future for our customers. Now with our outlook for 2023 established, let me share some of the achievements during the last quarter. We are keeping pace on our projects within the Clean Energy Blueprint. Not only has this positioned us well to take advantage of the IRA, we are also well-positioned for future investments. We have all 16 sites that make up our overall 1.5 gigawatts of solar additions across both Iowa and Wisconsin under site control. We also have the majority of generator interconnect agreements in place and all solar panels are either under - our control or under construction. Our 50-megawatt Bear Creek project went into service on time and within budget and two more projects should be operational by the end of the year, including our 150-megawatt Wood County and our 50-megawatt North Rock projects. We also added two new battery storage projects, 1 in Portage, Wisconsin and one in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. I'm very proud of our teams that work to make this all happen in some very challenging sourcing and economic times. I'm also pleased to share that we continue to see solid growth in both Iowa and Wisconsin. And for the fourth year in a row, we've been named a Top Utility in economic development by Site Selection magazine. As I've discussed in the past, we invest in key industrial property locations to spur economic development and growth within the communities we serve. This past quarter, it was an honor to help celebrate the planned expansion of Wyffels Hybrids as they announce their expansion in Ames, Iowa. Our team was also busy positioning us for the next phase of our generation transformation and grid resilience. They have been identifying additional IRA opportunities, advancing our efforts to move our grid underground and continuing our development efforts for future investments in new wind, repowered wind, solar, storage and sustainable fuels. We continue to have a strong backlog of development to provide us with choices for our future investments. To cap off a great third quarter of solid results and execution, I reflect on how the intersection of the IRA and our Clean Energy Blueprint has made such a tremendous impact for us. Alliant is well positioned to be one of the strongest beneficiaries of the IRA because we can put the IRA to work immediately to benefit both our shareowners and customers through added rate base opportunities and lower costs to customers. We're also well-positioned to benefit from cash flow improvements through transferability of tax credits and we're not subject to the corporate minimum tax in the near term. Before I close, a quick reminder that it's not too late to vote and with Veterans' Day coming up soon, I'd like to pass on a sincere thank you to all veterans, especially to the over 200 that are part of the Alliant Energy team and all military families. I thank you for your service and sacrifice. Robert and I look forward to sharing more details next week when we see many of you in Florida at the EEI Conference. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.93 per share, compared to $1.02 per share in the third quarter of 2021. Our quarterly earnings change year-over-year was primarily due to higher interest expenses and the timing of income taxes. The non-GAAP adjustment recorded in the third quarter of $0.03 per share related to Iowa tax Reform enacted earlier this year. In September, the Iowa Department of Revenue announced a corporate state tax rate of 8.4% for 2023, which is down from the current rate of 9.8%. This change resulted in a current year charge at our nonutility and parent operations related to lower deferred tax asset value. However, this change will also enable us to pass millions of dollars of annual savings from lower state taxes onto our customers in Iowa for decades into the future. Through September of this year, our net temperature impacts increased Alliant Energy earnings by approximately $0.07 per share. And our temperature-normalized sales are tracking above our sales growth expectations from the beginning of the year. Looking forward to the fourth quarter and our full year 2022 results, we expect strong earnings growth from investments in Wisconsin solar projects and the reversal of tax timing issues that have impacted the first nine months of this year. As a result of stronger sales through September and our projected fourth quarter results, we have narrowed and raised our 2022 earnings guidance to a range of $2.76 per share to $2.83 per share. During 2022, our team has been advancing and transforming our Clean Energy Blueprint to ensure that we not only accomplish our current year goals, but also enable the achievement of our financial and operational objectives over the long-term. Our sourcing team, has been ensuring materials and equipment are on-site or are on order to achieve the targeted completion dates of our announced solar project. And our development team has been advancing a robust portfolio of future generation resources that supports the future of clean, affordable and reliable energy for our customers. As John mentioned, we issued our consolidated 2023 earnings guidance range of $2.82 to $2.96 per share. The key drivers of the 6% growth in EPS are related to earnings on investments in our core utility business and our continued efforts to reduce cost to support customer affordability. We are forecasting these key earnings growth drivers will be offset by higher depreciation and higher financing costs associated with new construction projects. We invest strategically and in the best interest of our customers. These investments include implementing technology in many areas of our business, from our enterprise work and asset management solution to our advanced distribution management system. We are working to improve the customer and employee experience while controlling customer costs. Through our ongoing transition and retirement of our fossil fuel generation resources, we will continue reducing our operating costs. And as we bring our planned solar projects into service, we expect production tax credits and lower fuel expenses to largely offset the impact of increases in renewables rate base, which makes these new investments very cost-effective for customers. This will translate into long-term benefits for our customers and as John mentioned long-term value for our shareowners. Moving to our financing plans, in August, we successfully completed a $600 million green bond issuance at WPL to finance solar generation project. And in September, we filed information with our two state commissions, announcing plans to move away from tax equity financing to full ownership of WPL and IPL's solar and battery projects to capture even more benefits for our customers. We expect to replace the previously planned tax equity financing with additional long-term debt issuances, supplemented with some modest levels of new common equity to fund our announced solar and battery project. Our 2023 plans include $1.3 billion of financing, largely related to funding customer focused investment. This includes issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at both our Iowa and Wisconsin Utilities, up to $450 million of debt at Alliant Energy Finance and up to $250 million of new common equity. We have won $400 million maturity in mid-2023, which will be refinanced with the planned new debt issuance in Alliant Energy Finance. This 2023 financing plan is driven by robust capital expenditure plan, and supports our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities, consistent with their most recent regulatory decisions. And our future financing plans anticipate utilizing the new transferability provisions within the Inflation Reduction Act to accelerate cash flows from future tax credits generated by wind, solar and battery projects, thereby reducing our future financing needs. Finally, I'll highlight our regulatory initiatives in progress as well as those regulatory filings we plan to make in 2023. First, there are two key regulatory initiatives currently in progress. In Wisconsin, we recently requested construction authority for 175 megawatts of battery storage, which supports capacity needs resulting from the proposed sale by WPL of a portion of the West Riverside generating facility to our neighboring utilities. And in Iowa, we are expecting a decision from regulators on our advanced ratemaking filing for 400 megawatts of solar and 75 megawatts of battery storage. This proceeding is progressing, and we anticipate a decision in the next few weeks. As a reminder, this decision should include an improved ROE and depreciation rates for the life of the solar and battery storage assets. Turning to our 2023 regulatory plans, in conjunction with our updated capital expenditure plan, we expect to make regulatory filings in both Iowa and Wisconsin in 2023 for additional renewables and dispatchable resources to improve seasonal reliability and meet customer energy needs. From a rate review calendar, we expect to file a WPL rate review covering future test years 2024 and 2025 in the first half of next year. And for IPL, we expect to file our next rate review by the first half of 2024. Before I wrap my remarks, I want to acknowledge our Alliant Energy employees. You've executed our plan and kept our strategic projects on track, allowing us to share the financial and operational plans today from clearing supply chain hurdles to regulatory planning and communication, from preparing our tax equity financing to pivoting to full ownership to capture even greater customer benefits from the Inflation Reduction Act. Your actions have been and continue to be focused on the best interest of our customers and the communities we are privileged to serve. We very much appreciate the continued support of our company by our investors and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference next week. Later this week, we plan to post on our website the updated materials in advance of EEI. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Dariusz Lozny: Hi guys, good morning, this is Dariusz on for Julien. Thank you for taking the question. My first one is just about the substantial step-up in the capital funding plan. Just curious, how should we be thinking about equity funding needs beyond 2023? Is it as straightforward as just taking approximately half of that incremental capital versus the previous plan or just curious how we should be thinking about that?
Robert Durian: Yes, thanks for the question, Dariusz. Yes. As we announced, in 2023, we are planning on issuing up to $250 million of new common equity. As we think about beyond 2023 at this point, there may be some modest levels of new common equity needed. And really, what we're going to target there is to achieve equity ratio at the consolidated group of 40% to 45% as well as to maintain those strong credit metrics that we need at the parent company. I would point to the fact that in addition to the factor of adding a bunch of new rate base as a result of the inflation Reduction Act, we are also going to take advantage of the ability to transfer tax credits into the future. And we think that's going to be a great opportunity for us to reduce those future financing needs. As we think about not only the wind production tax credits, from those that we put into service in 2019 and 2020 or 2020, sorry. But also the solar projects from 2022 through 2025, we're going to generate a significant amount of production tax credits and the monetization of those tax credits are going to significantly reduce the amount of financing needs we have in the future. So, we're not signaling the exact numbers of what the equity would be beyond 2023 as we're still working through the exact timing as well as the amounts of those monetization of tax credits, but we do think that's going to significantly reduce what previously we had expected with new common equity.
John Larsen: Dariusz, this is John here. I just might add that primary drivers here are really growth, renewables and dispatchable as Robert had outlined. And the IRA alone adds about $1 billion of investment that will have really minimal or no impact - will impact the customers so really a great CapEx update and refreshment.
Dariusz Lozny: Got it, thank you for the detail there, I appreciate that. Maybe a related one, just relative to the 5% to 7% long-term CAGR target, the 2023 guidance range, basically right at that midpoint, maybe just incrementally lower. How should we think about the cadence of the 5% to 7%, again, beyond 2023? Obviously, the capital steps up in the '24, '25 period, should we expect a corresponding increase in EPS CAGR?
John Larsen: Yes, I think thinking of it as continued on the 5% to 7%, Dariusz. But as you noted, the capital plan we have - sets us up quite well for a very long-term, 5% to 7%. So we feel very well positioned and a lot of strength in that 5% to 7% long-term outlook.
Dariusz Lozny: Excellent, thank you very much for the color, I'll pass it along here.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hi everyone, good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: Sticking with the kind of credit funding plan line of questioning, can you give any more specifics on just how helpful to cash flow the transferability provision can be and like on a metric basis, whether it be FFO to debt or how that helps you with that consolidated equity ratio target?
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, maybe I'll give you some sense of the magnitude of the production tax credits that we're forecasting. So right now, we're generating a little over $100 million a year from those wind projects that we've put into service in 2019 and 2020, when you layer on the 1,500 megawatts of solar that we're planning on putting this service by the 2025 time period, that's also roughly another $100 million of production tax credit. So roughly in, the neighborhood of about $200 million to $250 million of production tax credits from wind and solar projects. We also expect, with our battery projects, investment tax credits that will be generated, those will be, I would say, less consistent. They'll be just timed within - we put those into service. But we're talking upwards of probably $200 million to $300 million of annual tax credits and depending upon the ability to monetize those timely. Then we do see some pretty significant inflows of cash flows that will reduce our future financing needs. So, we're still working with the credit rating agencies to know exactly how they'll treat those future inflows of cash. But we know we will be able to reduce our financing needs on the debt side. We're just not sure if that will be reflected as part of our FFO to know exactly how that's going to be treated for the debt credit metrics.
Michael Sullivan: Okay great. That's really helpful. I know you don't want to give like specifics on the out years on equity yet, but just maybe if you can help us out directionally like is $250 million this year in 2023. Should we think of that as kind of like the max that you see in any one given year as we look out over, say, the next four or five?
Robert Durian: I think that's a fair statement. We don't expect any years in the future to be even at that level, we're expecting it to be lower than level when you think about '24 through '26.
Michael Sullivan: Okay.
John Larsen: I just might add, Michael, a lot of moving parts there, but a lot of positives as well. So as you can imagine, I think we're following that as a modest in the future, but working towards making that on the low end, if at all needed.
Michael Sullivan: Okay very helpful, thanks. And my last one just on - can you just refresh us on where things stand on the MISO seasonal construct? Like is that all in place or are there still some things that need to be hashed out and how that shapes where you're at on your resource planning?
John Larsen: Yes, maybe I'll start. We're anticipating that seasonal construct. It's a matter of probably when, not if, as we see that go forward. So we've been doing a lot of planning for that in advance. We've got capacity and resource needs just from our load growth and maintaining reliability. And then when you add, what we'd expect on the seasonal construct, if you think of that long-term with resources and resource plan, it's just going to drive some additional resources for us. Timing-wise, I might ask Robert to opine on where we're at on the schedule for that, but it's likely to happen. It's just timing is the question, Michael.
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael. So the FERC approved the seasonal construct at the end of August. And so there have been some requests to reconsider the timing aspect of it. I would expect that we'll probably hear about that here in the next couple of quarters as the new seasonal construct is going to go into effect, starting on June 1 of 2023.
Michael Sullivan: Okay thanks so much. See you guys down in Florida.
John Larsen: Thanks Michael.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hey good morning everyone. Good to connect here. Thanks for all the updates. So I guess, Robert, I assume you've now kind of provisioned the new plan here for higher inflation. Can you maybe just give us an update on kind of how you're viewing O&M, how you're viewing long-term interest rate, financing sensitivities in this new 5% to 7% EPS plan? And I know that in the prior plan, you might have been assuming some O&M cuts. So just trying to think about how you're thinking through that in this new plan? Thanks.
Robert Durian: Yes, sure Nick. So we're continuing down the path. We kicked off several years ago to create some sustainable O&M savings in the business and are working to advance those efforts. We go back to 2019 and bring it forward. We've reduced O&M about 5% or about $40 million in total. So in 2022 here, we've done quite a bit of work with different strategic initiatives to set us up for a solid financial future, including expenses incurred this year to enable sales growth through economic development and electrification. We've updated our resource planning to maximize the IRA benefits and meet our new seasonal requirements and then accelerated technology and automation investments to gain cost efficiencies. So quite a bit of work in 2022 to really help us offset and reduce inflationary pressures that we're going to see in 2023. We're also expecting our coal plant costs to go down in 2023, partly because of the Lansing Generation facility retirement as well as the fact that we're able to defer costs associated with the Edgewater 5 Unit as a result of the last rate case. So when you kind of factor all that together, we actually expect 2023 O&M expenses to be lower than 2022. And so, we'll use that to offset some of the impacts we're seeing as far as interest rate increases. And so as we think about the key drivers for next year, those are probably two of the factors that will offset each other, and then we'll see the growth largely from all the investments that we're making in solar and battery projects in both our Iowa and Wisconsin jurisdiction. From a longer-term perspective, it will continue to be a focus for us for O&M. We'd say probably flat to declining over the longer term, and we're really focused on that right now from a customer affordability perspective.
Nick Campanella: Got it, that's super helpful. And then just maybe an update on rate case strategy. You're going to file in WPL for '24, '25. I heard you say that you're going to do Iowa in the first half of '24. I did note that you said test years under analysis for IPL. So could you just kind of give us a sense of what the considerations there are? And just recognizing, I think you've already moved toward the forward-looking test year in this jurisdiction so what's just the other considerations in that test year that we should be thinking about? Thanks.
John Larsen: Nick, John here, maybe I'll - you've got the Wisconsin spot on with our typical two-year cadence. In Iowa, think of it as one of those major drivers is the consideration would be our 475 megawatts of solar and storage. So thinking about the timing of the rate case with that, we obviously like to stay out of that a little bit longer, but that's going to be one of the considerations. And obviously, there's some cost impacts that will factor into that decision-making as well. As Robert noted, sometime between middle of '23 and first half of '24 would be likely the timeframe that we would file. Anything you'd add to that, Robert?
Robert Durian: I don't think anything specifically other than just as we think about that rate case, as John indicated, it's largely going to be the timing of when we put into service those solar and battery projects. And so right now, they're scheduled for that second half of 2024. So we'll want to file that about a year in advance of the in-service date so that we can get the rates into effect. And start recovering on those investments when they go into service as well as start providing back to customers the production tax credits as well as the energy savings or energy margins from those projects. So it's largely going to be timed with the - with that next major construction in service dates for the 475 megawatts of solar and batteries.
Nick Campanella: Got it, that's really helpful. And one last from me and I recognize it's small, but you do have a small proportion of unregulated earnings, mostly at parent, and I'm just curious in this new forecast, are you just holding that flat? Is there any kind of considerations there around the unregulated business either way? Thanks.
Robert Durian: Yes, Nick, think of it as fairly modest and relatively flat, maybe a slight increase in 2023, but nothing significant or material.
Nick Campanella: All right, we'll see in a few - see you next week actually. Thank you.
John Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Verition. Please go ahead.
Ashar Khan: Hi, how are you doing? So I just wanted to go back, the rate base CAGR is up, if I'm right, a couple of hundred basis points. I know there is a little bit more equity next year, but then you're saying you're trying to minimize equity in the next two years. So - and you laid out all the benefits on the sheet of the IRA? So why doesn't this point to us being on the higher end of the CAGR. I mean that's what the math would - all the benefits you think that's what's missing to me is, am I thinking something wrong all of these benefits that you have described and mentioned. This should translate into a higher end of a CAGR going beyond 2023?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think you've got the right thinking as far as when we think about the rate base CAGR at roughly 8%. So really, the offset to that right now is financing costs, both the new equity that we proposed in 2023 as well as we are expecting some higher interest expense at the parent and non-regulated businesses. So that's the key offset as we think about the next few years. I would say that - we do have some opportunities to be kind of in the upper half of that earnings range when we get out to the full impact of the rate base opportunities, but we tend to kind of signal our longer-term guidance range of 5% to 7% and target that midpoint and very comfortable with that over the next four or five years.
Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our Investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Conference Call for Second Quarter 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zach Fields, Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Zach Fields: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter 2022 financial results. This release as well as an earnings presentation will be referenced during today’s call, and are available on our Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thanks, Zach. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We had another exceptional quarter delivering strong financial results and we’re reaffirming our 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.67 to $2.81. And given our strong start to the year, we are currently trending to the upper half of that range. Similar to other calls, I’ll share some highlights from the quarter and then turn it over to Robert to recap key financial results and regulatory progress. I’ll start with an update on our Clean Energy Blueprint. You may recall the topic of discussion last quarter was the potential for added tariffs to our projects. Given the strong need for our planned solar resources and the benefits to our customers, we have continued our momentum on executing our planned projects. I’m pleased to share that we have made excellent progress in advancing solar projects in both of our states. Let me share some of the key milestones we have achieved recently. We executed a tax equity partnership covering four solar projects that will go into service this year. We have received approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for the entirety of our nearly 1.1 gigawatts of planned solar in the state of Wisconsin. And we have all 16 sites that make up our overall 1.5 gigawatts of solar additions across both Iowa and Wisconsin under site control. That momentum will continue into Q3 with our Bear Creek project scheduled to go into service soon and the final panel installation occurring at our Wood County project. I could not be prouder of our team as they continue to advance this important part of our strategy. We are also proud of the positive recognition we’ve received for our use of a skilled union workforce as we build out these projects and how we’re bringing jobs, investment and economic benefits to Iowa and Wisconsin. I also want to point out that while our Clean Energy Blueprint is not dependent on passing of new legislation, we are encouraged by the proposed Inflation Reduction Act that’s making its way through Congress. The proposal may present us with even more customer benefits and added flexibility as we bring renewable solutions to our customers. Even without legislation, we have a great plan and strategy that brings clean energy to our customers in an affordable and reliable manner. Robert will share more details with respect to the proposed Inflation Reduction Act and its potential impacts a bit later in the call. Another topic I’ll touch on is the recent announcement to extend the retirement dates for two of our coal facilities. Given the uncertainty in the MISO market, coupled with the high cost to replacement capacity, we took action to ensure we addressed the near-term reliability needs of our customers. This also further reinforces the need for our solar expansion efforts and the need to continue to plan for both near and long-term capacity needs for our customers. The progress I highlighted earlier with respect to our renewable projects should leave no doubt as to our continued focus and solid execution of our Clean Energy Blueprint, reaffirming our commitment to our carbon reduction goals. Our blueprint is comprehensive going beyond generation to also ensure a clean, efficient and resilient energy grid. We’re adding smart technologies to our grid, transitioning our electric lines from overhead to underground and expanding the use of energy storage. Our blueprint is designed to ensure resiliency and reliability of our grid, reduce customer costs and allow for more distributed renewable generation on our grid. Let me now turn to the recent release of our corporate responsibility report. As you know, we have been a leader in ESG performance for many years. Our latest corporate responsibility report showcases the many ways we plan, operate and achieve our objectives, delivering top tier results. I’ll highlight a few of those from this year’s report. In partnership with the Electric Power Research Institute, we added a clear science-based report that confirms how our Clean Energy Blueprint and carbon dioxide reduction goals are consistent with United Nations Paris Agreement objectives to limit global annual temperature rise. We also published our new biodiversity commitment, which solidifies our longstanding transition of caring for the environment, including protecting natural resources and wildlife, especially those that are or may become threatened or endangered. And our 1 million trees initiative is off to a very exciting start. In our first year, more than 120,000 trees were planted across Iowa and Wisconsin through our residential and community tree programs in partnership with Trees Forever. I encourage you to learn more about our corporate responsibility on our website. I’ll end with two examples that illustrate our commitment to addressing the social needs in our communities and how we link everything we do to our purpose, to serve customers and build stronger communities. The first example also highlights our focus on a core value of safety. According to the National Child ID Program, a child goes missing in the U.S. every 40 seconds. That’s more than 800,000 children each year. Earlier this year, we partnered with the National Child ID Program to provide DNA identification kits, to nearly 1 million children and their families all across Wisconsin. Giving families the critical information they need to help be reunited with their lost children. In partnership with the IBEW and the Green Bay Packers, Wisconsin is only the third state to provide kits to all children from kindergarten to 12th grade free of charge and made possible through a gift from our foundation. We are humbled to be recognized by the National Child ID Program with their Utility of the Year award at their 25th anniversary celebration this weekend in conjunction with the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremonies. And we look forward to expanding our efforts to children and families in Iowa later this year. The second example ties to our longstanding commitment to our communities. Since we are in the thick of baseball season, this example will resonate well with you baseball fans. You may recall that last August Major League Baseball hosted a game at the iconic Field of Dreams movie site located in our service territory near Dyersville, Iowa. Since then the owners of the complex have announced an economic development expansion of the site to include multiple venues and amenities from sports training camps to concert venues and more, which plan to draw tourists from around the country and the world bringing additional economic benefits to the region. We have been proud to partner with the owners to extend smart infrastructure to the site, including plans for EV charging as they ready for construction expansion this fall. Before I turn the call over to Robert, I want to share that the accomplishments that I’ve highlighted today are the direct results of the outstanding efforts of our talented employees who work each and every day to deliver on our purpose, to serve customers and build stronger communities. Thank you for the continued interest in Alliant Energy. I’ll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday we announced second quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $0.63 per share, compared to $0.57 per share in the second quarter of 2021. Our utility earnings increased year-over-year driven by higher AFUDC earnings attributable to increasing solar construction activities, higher electric and gas sales and the timing of income taxes. These increases in earnings were partially offset by higher interest expense. For the year, we are reaffirming our 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.67 to $2.81 per share. And as a result of strong sales year to date, combined with our employees continued focus on managing costs, we are currently trending towards the upper half of our 2022 guidance range. In the second quarter, we experienced strong electric sales driven by warmer than normal temperatures throughout our service territories and our continued trend of better than expected temperature normalized sales. This continued strength in electric sales has resulted in first half 2022 temperature normalized sales more than 2% above the first half of 2021 with our second quarter temperature normalized sales 3% higher than last year. This strength was reflected in all electric customer classes in both states and most pronounced in sales to residential and commercial classes. We continue to see strong customer growth at our Wisconsin utility and a continued pandemic recovery, particularly in customer facing businesses, such as entertainment, education and recreation. These sales results are indicative of the strength of the economies in Wisconsin and Iowa and are helping offset the impact of current cost trends. Turning to our solar investments. As John mentioned, we are moving forward on our planned solar projects without major delays. We have maintained strong momentum on these projects through proactive, procurement and panel deliveries and solid progress with our construction activities this summer. We are also encouraged by the Biden administration’s executive order in June to establish a two year moratorium on tariffs related to the investigation by the Department of Commerce. That order is expected to help ensure lower project costs for our customers, as we complete the 1.5 gigawatts of solar projects planned through 2024. In June, WPL announced plans to adjust the timing of the retirement of its two remaining Wisconsin coal plans. While this decision will change the trajectory of our projected O&M, it also limits our customer’s exposure to potentially higher capacity charges. This short-term shift of the retirement dates allows us the ability to manage regional capacity and supply chain challenges, while continuing to move forward with adding new solar generation and providing safe and reliable service to our customers, which is our number one priority. We do not expect any material earnings impacts from this short-term shift. Given the most recent Wisconsin rate order provides WPL the ability to defer cost incurred to operate the Edgewater Generating facility beyond its previously planned retirement date. We continue to make progress on our key regulatory initiatives included on Slide 6 of the supplemental slides. Looking first at our Wisconsin jurisdiction, in June, we received written approval for our second certificate of authority filing for 414 megawatts of solar, enabling us to move forward with the construction of six additional solar projects throughout our Wisconsin service territory. In July, WPL filed an updated request for the recovery of its forecasted 2023 fuel cost to reflect the impact of adjusting the retirement date of its Edgewater Generating facility. If approved, the request would result in flat year-over-year fuel cost recoveries in 2023, to help stabilize electric rates for our Wisconsin customers, despite increasing energy prices. We anticipated a decision on this request from the PSCW later this year. And as announced earlier this year, WPL expects to make additional filings in the coming months for up to 300 megawatts of firm capacity to replace capacity related to its West Riverside Energy Center that may be purchased by other Wisconsin utilities under outstanding purchase options. Turning to Iowa. We filed rebuttal testimony in our advanced ratemaking filing for 400 megawatts of solar and 75 megawatts of batteries to meet future capacity requirements for our Iowa utility. We use the rebuttal testimony to update our requested cost cap to reflect increases in costs since our initial filing in the fourth quarter of last year. The hearing for this filing is scheduled to take place next week. And we requested a decision from the Iowa regulators by the end of the third quarter. While I’m on Iowa and renewables, it’s worth noting that our wind portfolio in Iowa has performed well this year. In fact, the energy produced by our wind facilities through the first six months was approximately 30% higher than the same time period last year. These higher levels of wind output have helped reduce fuel costs for our Iowa customers in 2022. And there’s another example of the customer benefits from a strong and diverse generation portfolio. On the legislative front, while the Inflation Reduction Act is still a proposal, we are encouraged by the opportunities presented within the current text to enhance the value of our current Clean Energy Blueprint for both customers and shareowners. Certain key provisions, including tax credit transferability, production tax credit eligibility for solar projects and standalone tax credits for energy storage could provide us even more pathways to bring clean and affordable energy to our customers. We will continue to monitor this proposed legislation and evaluate its potential impacts. Finally, our financing plans for 2022 remain unchanged. In June, we started receiving contributions from our first tax equity partnership related to WPL’s 2022 solar projects. And we anticipate receiving the balance of the contributions after the solar projects are placed into service later this year. Our remaining financing activities in 2022 include plans to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at our Wisconsin utility to provide additional funding for solar construction projects. We are also on track to issue approximately $25 million of common equity through our Shareowner Direct Plan. In closing, I’d like to echo John’s remarks related to our talented employees. I am so proud to work alongside such dedicated people who work hard each and every day deliver on our purpose of serving customers and building stronger communities. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Alliant Energy. We look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months. Now, I’ll turn the call back over the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, everyone. This is Darius on for Julien. Thank you for taking my question. First one, if I may just around the potential IRA legislation, I realize it’s fairly preliminary and you noted in the comments you’re continuing to evaluate. Just curious if you have any preliminary thoughts as to impact on items such as credit metrics, FFO to debt, anything along those lines that you could potentially speak to.
John Larsen: Yes. Hey, good morning, Darius. Thanks for the question. I’ll maybe just share a few comments and let Robert hit on the credit metrics. One thing I’ll mention there were really three items in the previous build, back, better that we were advocating for the solar PTCs standalone storage and then direct pay. And largely from our read of that, certainly it’s not at the finish line. Those three things are in there. So as we noted, I think it gives us flexibility, not necessarily what we’re going to do. I think our plan remains very solid, but maybe in some of the financing as you noted. Also I think with the standalone storage, we’ve got so many sites that we’re developing with solar and others. We’ve got a lot of flexibility as to where we can locate storage. So think of some of that value stacking and maybe Robert, if you want to talk a little bit about the positive credit metric aspect of it. I’ll turn it to you.
Robert Durian: Well, thanks, John. Yes. For the most part, we haven’t been prepared to disclose any specific details. But I think directionally, you can think of this, giving us an opportunity to actually increase our rate base, an opportunity to lower customer costs and an opportunity really to improve our cash flow metrics. When you think about the transferability of tax credits, not only the ones that we may generating from our new solar projects, but from our existing wind projects we see a pretty good opportunity to increase our cash flow over the next several years as a result of those provisions. When you kind of combine that with the fact that we do not think we’ll be subject to the 15% minimum tax based on our current income levels, we actually think it’s going to be pretty positive all around when it comes to customers, shareowners and debt holders, so pretty encouraged by the legislation.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. If I could take that one step further, I guess, as it relates to your equity needs across the forecast period over the next several years, it sounds like, if you have improving cash flow that could potentially mitigate some of those needs.
John Larsen: Yes. I think you spot on Darius. As Robert noted, it’s likely that this could move us more towards ownership so increased rate base. So we’d certainly take a look at that, but also with the cash aspect of this, it can tend to balance out a bit. But anything you want to add with that, Robert. I think you’re spot on Darius.
Robert Durian: I think you hit the key issues.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. That’s super helpful. One more, if I can just on the pension. Any impact from higher pension plan expense, I think it’s something that you alluded to in the previous update, just given the moves both in interest rates and also in asset values. Just curious if there’s any update there. I think in the past you’ve said that WPL there’s a deferral mechanism, so the impact would be mostly at IPL. I’m just curious if there’s any update you can provide on that front.
Robert Durian: No. I think you’ve summarized it well, Darius. I think when we look at it, we’re similar to other utilities where we’ve experienced the impact of the lower and expected returns on our plan assets so far this year. And this will be partially offset by the impact of the rising interest rates that would reduce our pension obligation at our next measurement date, which would be at the end of 2022 here. So we won’t know the exact impact of the 2023 pension costs until we get to the end of the year. But as you indicated, I’d say we’re partially, but not fully insulated from the earnings impact of pension. When you think about the deferral order in Wisconsin that should fully insulate us, but in Iowa we will be subject to some level of cost. But we do have the ability to capitalize a portion of those pension costs, usually about 30% to 40% on an annual basis as part of our labor overhead process. And as we kind of think about the long-term impacts of this, while we may see some impact in 2023 we would expect that all of these costs will be reflected in our next rate reviews in both Iowa and Wisconsin. So there should not be any long-term earnings impact as a result of this.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thank you. And I’ll pass it on here.
Operator: We’ll now take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Hey everyone. Good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, John, just wanted to circle back to kind of what got discussed in the Q&A on the last call. Can you just clarify, so on the solar plans, is everything back to fully on track, including those 500 megawatts in late 2023 that seem to be facing some uncertainty? And then I think during Q&A you had indicated that that uncertainty may put you towards the lower end of the growth rate temporarily. Is that still the case, or should we think of all that as kind of resolved now?
John Larsen: Yes. We’re – short answer, our solar projects are moving quite well and as planned. So we’re very comfortable with the progress we’re making on all of our solar projects.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And on the growth rate, should we still think of some pressure potentially in the near-term or you think you’re kind of firmly back at the midpoint?
John Larsen: Yes. The long-term 5% to 7% and certainly the impact of what we saw on possible delay of the solar, that projects that’s certainly not going to be a driver to that. So, the typical drivers as you have Michael with O&M or others, but we feel good about our cost management. I might note that our sales have been very strong. In fact, we’ve seen probably the strongest sales temperature normalized that we’ve had in over a decade. I think the second quarter this year was 3% higher than last year, which was up over the previous. So it’s a great tailwind. And as Robert noted and probably both of our comments, the IRA provides another pretty solid tailwind for – there’s certainly macroeconomic issues that we’re all facing, but it’s nice to have a couple of really solid tailwinds as well.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thanks. And then can you just review rate case timing plans in both states and whether or not the coal retirement delays has any impact on that?
John Larsen: Sure. Maybe turn that, Robert, you want to give a quick overview on rate case?
Robert Durian: Yes, sure. Michael, maybe starting in Wisconsin here, the rate case scheduled for Wisconsin would indicate another rate case for 2024, 2025 to keep on our two year cycle. And the change in the retirement dates for the Columbian Edgewater facility would not impact the timing of those rate cases. So think of 2024 and 2025, the next one in Wisconsin. For Iowa, we’re continuing to watch these cost trends. Historically, we were trying to stay out a little bit longer in Iowa, but we may be inclined to come in a little bit sooner now, maybe as early as 2023. So that’s still to be determined. And what that might look like in the future as far as whether it’s a future historical test year. But all indications are from a cost since we probably would be coming in a little bit earlier and maybe as early as the 2023 time period.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thank you.
John Larsen: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning guys.
John Larsen: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question is at WPL, I think you mentioned the 300 megawatts of capacity, I guess you’ll file for that kind of any day now. Any updated thoughts on what that’s going to look like?
Robert Durian: Yes. Our teams are really putting the finishing touches on that plan filing for additional resources. And again, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, Andrew, this is largely intended to replace the capacity that we expect to be sold off to some of our Wisconsin utilities at the West Riverside facility. So think of that as we’re probably filing that sometime in the next 60 days. And we’ll be providing some more details regarding the specifics of that filing when we get to the next earnings call in November.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Next, a couple questions on the coal plants. Can you talk about the O&M impact? I think you alluded a little bit to higher O&M kind of offset by the avoided capacity costs. Robert, can you maybe just talk a little bit about some of the numbers behind that and how that would impact rates between now and the next rate case that you just alluded to?
Robert Durian: Yes. So maybe to kind of break it up into two different pieces, so yes, as you indicated that we will experience both O&M and capital cost to continue these facilities to operate over the next couple of years. We do have a deferral mechanism available to us in the last rate case for the 2022 and 2023 rate case that allows us to defer those costs until we get to the next rate case cycle in 2024. So we’re not expecting that O&M to have any earnings impact to us. And then as far as the capacity cost that we’ll be mitigating for our customers that usually flows through as a fuel cost. And so we’ve reflected that into the latest filing that we put in front of the commission for the 2023 fuel costs. So all in all think of this as earnings neutral, given that deferral mechanism for the O&M and capital costs. And you’ll see hopefully some modest benefits when we think about our fuel costs for 2023 that are really helping us keep those rates flat from 2022 to 2023.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then how do you expect the units to run as they transition to becoming capacity resources? I understand that MISO determines the dispatch, but are you expecting a gradual declining capacity factors or more like an abrupt change at some point?
John Larsen: Yes. I think on that one, Andrew it maybe a little bit yet to be determined, but right now we don’t see those units operating in any significant way in the market. So just think of them as that reserve capacity for reliability for our customers. We’ve retired a lot of coal plants previously and transition them and they all have a little bit of a different path. So we’ll monitor that and make the right decision for our customers.
Andrew Weisel: Sounds good. One last one, if I may. Given the strength of the year to date results, have you started to pull some expenses forward from 2023 or beyond to help customers and better position yourselves financially? Or are you waiting to get through this summer before you reinvest?
John Larsen: Yes. That’s more the latter Andrew. We usually have about 40% of our earnings are in Q3. And so we typically about this time of the year, we’ll give a little indication of trending to the upper lower half, and then usually wait until the end of the third quarter before we do any potentially narrowing or guidance change. So we like to get through that third quarter before we do that.
Andrew Weisel: Just to clarify, I wasn’t asking about guidance. I was asking about your O&Ms and how potentially like accelerating, feed trimming or programs like that.
John Larsen: Yes. Got it. Sorry for that. Also pretty heavy potential for storm season here during Q3. So while we’re certainly looking at the potential for that, I think we want to be fairly conservative in our approach and make sure we’re prepared for storms or any unexpected here for the summer months.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Thank you for the details.
John Larsen: You bet.
Operator: And it appears there are no further telephone questions. I’d like to turn the conference back to Mr. Fields for any additional or closing remarks.
Zach Fields: This concludes Alliant Energy’s second quarter earnings call. A replay will be available on our investor website. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's Conference Call for First Quarter 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zach Fields, Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Zach Fields: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2022 financial results. This release as well as an earnings presentation will be referenced during today's call, and are available on our Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I will turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Zach. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2022 is off to a solid start with over 25% of our annual earnings achieved year to date. And we are reaffirming our consolidated 2022 earnings guidance of $2.67 to $2.81. I'll share some of the key highlights and then turn the call over to Robert for more details relating to our financial performance, renewable investments and regulatory matters. First, our temperature normalized sales were ahead of forecast, continuing a trend we saw throughout most of last year and a key indicator of the strong and diverse customer base we proudly serve. We also had increased interest in activity on the economic development front, including the recent announcement that one of the largest Amazon facilities in the country will be built near Cottage Grove, Wisconsin. The warehouse and distribution facility with total 3.4 million square feet and create approximately 1500 jobs and in Iowa, we're excited to partner with Verbio as they break ground on their biorefinery expansion near Ames, Iowa next month. Another item to highlight was the strong performance from our wind portfolio. We saw outstanding wind power production for the first quarter with total production more than 15% higher than our forecast and some of our newest wind sites achieving net capacity factors in excess of 60% in the month of March marking one of the strongest wind periods we have seen since we began owning and operating wind nearly 15 years ago. The strong wind energy performance helped us manage the impacts of rising fuel costs and demonstrates the customer benefits of having a diverse mix of energy resources in our portfolio, another example of our clean energy blueprint in action. These solid results help us continue our long track record of delivering value for our customers, communities and investors. And we're also continuing to monitor and adjust to the impacts of global sourcing and supply chain issues as well as the impacts of inflation. Robert will share more about this when I turn the call over to him in a few minutes, but let me note how important it has been to have a flexible plan, talented and creative team and our ongoing efforts to manage costs for the benefit of our customers. On the solar front, earlier this week, we held a Golden Panel event for our officials and community members as the first panels were installed at our North Rock Creek solar farm near Edgerton, Wisconsin. And we recently celebrated the installation of the final solar panel at our Bear Creek facility also in Wisconsin. And yesterday we received verbal approval from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for our second Certificate of Authority filing for an additional 414 megawats of solar generation in the state. This result builds on our long history of achieving constructive regulatory outcomes. Throughout the process of the filing our team demonstrated transparency regarding the current environment of supply chain and tariff risks and we're committed to continuing that transparency as we continue our journey towards a clean energy future. That journey is part of our broader corporate responsibility. We've been sharing stories of our commitment to the environment throughout the month of April in honor of birthday, including progress we've been making on our commitment to plant one million trees by 2030. We recently approved two agreements with Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources in Sauk and Juno counties to begin tree plantings as a part of their reforestation efforts. More than 80,000 tree seedlings would be planted this year and these Wisconsin counties through this partnership. And in Iowa, Burlington, Marshalltown and Grinnell are just a few of the 33 Iowa communities that will soon be greener. Thanks to grants from our Community Tree Program in partnership with Trees Forever. Trees Forever will provide communities with tree planting support from selecting the best species for their area to creating a care and maintenance plan to make sure the new trees have a long and healthy life. Equally important to our environmental efforts are the social commitments to our employees, customers, and the communities we serve. We know that when we embrace the diversity of our employees and continue to build upon our strong culture, we create a sense of belonging inclusion that leads to wonderful things for our customers. And we are being noticed for our efforts. We recently were recognized by Forbes as a top mid-sized employer for the fourth year in a row and just last week we were named to Newsweek's first ever most trusted companies list. We will be sharing more of our progress in highlighting new initiatives with the release of our updated corporate responsibility report later this year. In summary, 2022 is off to a solid start and we look forward to building on that momentum throughout the year as we focus on continuing our role as a leader in advancing renewable energy, delivering solid returns for our investors and delivering on our purpose of serving customers and building stronger communities. I want to thank you for your continued interest in Alliant Energy. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday we announced first quarter 2022 GAAP earnings of $0.77 per share, compared to $0.68 per share in 2021. First quarter earnings were 13% higher on a year-over-year basis led by increasing rate base at our Wisconsin utility, higher AFDC earnings, largely attributable to our 2022 solar portfolio construction and higher electric and gas sales. For the full year, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $2.67 to $2.81 per share. The midpoint of that range is a 6% increase over 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $2.58. Details on our quarter earnings drivers and 2022 full year guidance can be found on Slide 3. Our temperature normalized sales for the first quarter of 2022 were better than expected, growing more than 1% compared to the first quarter of 2021, driven by stronger residential and commercial sales. Residential sales were higher primarily due to new customer growth in both Wisconsin and Iowa. And the commercial sales growth was supported by continued pandemic recovery in the education, office and entertainment sectors of our customer base. Owned and other utilities was flat versus the first quarter of 2021 after excluding changes in energy efficiency expenditures. In the current environment of widespread inflationary pressures across the various areas of our business, I'm proud of our team's efforts to control costs on behalf of our customers and maintain utility O&M expenses consistent with 2021 levels. Moving to our new solar developments, we have made good progress on the construction of the initial 325 megawats of utility scale solar in Wisconsin that is planned to go in service this year. Slide 4 showcases some of these 2022 solar development activity. The department of commerce investigation that was initiated in the first quarter has the potential impact of timing and costs of our 2023 planned solar projects. However, we feel confident that our 2022 planned solar projects will progress as anticipated and be placed in service later this year. We are advocating both directly and indirectly through multiple trade organizations for an expedited and fair outcome of this investigation. While we acknowledge investigation could impact our 2023 plan projects, we are focused on mitigating such impacts and continuing our long track record of delivering on our 5% to 7% growth targets throughout the planning period. We have included our key regulatory initiatives on Slide 5. We were pleased to reach another key milestone with our clean energy blueprints yesterday, with the receipt of the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin's verbal approval of our second certificate authority filing for 414 megawats of additional solar projects in Wisconsin. Looking forward in Wisconsin, we are preparing a third certificate of authority filing to request approval, to construct an estimated 300 megawats of additional firm capacity to meet our customers growing demand. We're planning to make that filing in the upcoming month. And in our Iowa jurisdiction, we recently requested to provide the procedural schedule for our advanced remaking filing for 400 megawats of solar and 75 megawats of battery storage in the state. This request was made to allow time for our team to ensure we are providing the most current cost estimates for the projects we are pursuing. The updated procedural schedule can be seen on Slide 6. We have requested a decision from Iowa regulators by the end of the third quarter. We do not anticipate this modified procedural schedule to have a material impact on the timing of the in-service dates of our projects or the timing of our overall CapEx plan. Turning to our financing plans, we have made great progress so far in 2022. In the first quarter at our Align Energy Finance subsidiary, we refinanced our $300 million term loan and issued $350 million of new long-term debt. Our remaining 2022 financing plan includes issuing up to $600 million of long-term debt at our Wisconsin utility and retiring $325 million of remaining long-term debt maturities in the second half of 2022. Lastly, Iowa corporate tax reform was signed into law last month. The new tax rules are expected to phase down the corporate income tax rate from its current rate of 9.8% to as low as 5.5% over time. The amount the tax rate will decline each year is dependent on annual state income tax collections from corporations and will be announced by the fourth quarter of each year. We view this tax law change as positive for customers as it is expected to provide long-term benefits to lower customer costs and serves as another driver for economic development activities in Iowa. As a result of this tax change, we also expect to recognize a modest earnings charge later this year, related to revalue and deferred tax assets at our non-regulated businesses, which we plan to recognize as an adjustment to our earnings from normal operations. Refer to Slide 7 in our presentation for more information on this tax change to assist you with your modelling. We appreciate your continued support of our company, and look forward to meeting with many of you virtually and in person in the coming months. As always we'll make our Investor Relation materials available on our website. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator instructions] We will take our first question from [indiscernible] from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning guys. I just wanted to touch a little bit on sort of the circumvention tariffs, because obviously it's topical with investors and we could be in a situation, we get a proposed decision from the commerce department in August. Just curious on, sort of the language around potentially seeing a shifting out of projects. The 23 projects, certain peer and a couple peers actually talked about potentially having pricing uncertainty through '25. So I guess, the question is, is why only would the 23 projects could we see further slippage? And then curious also what levers, you have to sort of mitigate the shifting out of that sort of solar capital to reiterate the 5% to 7%, or could we maybe see a situation where the profile of the 5% to 7% is slightly tweaked in the near term as we're thinking about capital being potentially pushed out.
John Larsen: Yeah. Great. Hey, Shar [ph] John here and appreciate the question. Certainly is topical. No doubt about that. Maybe I'll start with, if you recall on the let call, we mentioned some of the planning work we did last fall, when we faced a similar petition. So team took a look at that, made some adjustments to our projects and we accelerated some material deliveries and kept these sites moving, if you will. That's helped us, put us in a really good position for our '22 and also those planned for the first part of '23. So as you noted, the focus is for those call it in the tail end of '23. So I think Robert maybe put a little bit of context around the megawatts and to your point about how we think about the capital impact of that.
Robert Durian: Yeah, good morning, Shar. As John noted, we took, yeah, we took actions after the first petition in 2021 to mitigate the impacts of the potential tariffs. And we've made really good progress in securing panels through the first quarter of this year. So as we pivoted also to source panels from some of our projects that would not be subject to the tariffs. As a result, we do not expect significant impacts to the 325 megawats of WPL solar projects that we expect to put into service later this year, as well as we don't expect any significant impacts to approximately 250 megawats of the earlier projects in 2023. So we're going to continue to monitor the department of commerce investigation over the next couple quarters here and continue to work with our developers and our solar panels to mitigate the impacts on the timing for what I would characterize as the remaining 500 megawats that John indicated was in the kind of the latter half of 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So just to round that out even with the shifting of some capital and megawats, you have enough mid measures to sort of have enough confidence that the profile of the 5% to 7% where you are within that range, shouldn't be impacted.
John Larsen: Yeah, I think, Shar, we certainly remain committed to that. There's clearly some I think it's a tail of some headwinds and tailwinds here. We've seen some load growth that's there. WE'VE had some great O&M, but as you note the impact to that and adjustments we'd have to make we would've to certainly factor that in as well, but off to a good start. Certainly a big part of our business planning is around contingencies for that back half of '23 projects as you noted.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. And then just one last one, John, if I may is it's terrific seeing sort of the flat O&M profile this year, but I'm just kind of curious if you're seeing some of the pressures in inflation I guess what's the level of confidence in maintaining that flat O&M profile. Obviously we saw the wage report this morning from the employment cost index. I guess, how are you offsetting some of the known pressures here that's coming from inflation?
John Larsen: Yeah, certainly there are impacts of inflation and cost of goods. As you know, there's no question about it, but as you know, we put in place our cost reduction efforts in mitigation. Now we've been on this for a few years and we've had a lot of good momentum going into this year. So that's certainly helpful. It's a lot harder to be on that negative trajectory when you have some of those pressures. We still have some of these cost reductions, labor and others that are yet in front of us. They will be perhaps dampened a bit by some of these inflationary costs. I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Robert, but it's certainly an area we're going to have to just keep very, very sharp focused Shar.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Got it. Terrific. guys, congrats on the results. It's a really good start. Appreciate it.
John Larsen: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. Good morning, team Roberts, John, it's pleasure. So I suppose just following up on Shar's question on a multifold just to be more explicit about the ability to backfill, just, can you talk through, what exactly you're doing on that front? Sounds like you already were moving this, but should we expect more distribution CapEx amongst other things here move around on -- and just related to that, if I can, just also on '23, what percent of your panels have you guys procured and where do you guys stand with counterparties to address it otherwise?
John Larsen – Chair: Yeah. Maybe I'll take your second question here first. So as we indicated, Julien, we got about 250 megawats of the roughly 800 megawats that we're planning on putting into service in 2023, where we either have sourced the panels and received them into the United States before the petition was filed, or we actually sourced them from vendors or suppliers that weren't subject to the potential tariffs that we're talking about. So, just to put in the context, there's about 500 megawats still in the latter half of 2023 that we haven't identified the sourcing yet still for sure if we're going to have any impacts from the tariffs. And so to put that into perspective most of those are part of our CA2 projects that we just received approval for and we've got cost target there, call it roughly $1,600 per KW. And so that's roughly call it maybe $800 million of CapEx that we're talking about. Couple things to be aware of as part of that number. We'll be spending some of the project costs of that $800 million just to prepare the sites for the panels for when they do arrive. So we'll continue forward with a lot of the preparation work and just be ready to go once we have the solar panel area identified as far as the source of that set of panels. The other thing I'd note is as you guys recall, we've actually petitioned with the commission and received approval to do tax equity partnership structures for these. And so that's another factor that limits really the impact on our earnings, because about a third of these costs are going to be sourced or financed through the tax equity partnership. So it limits the amount of rate based impacts and therefore earnings profile impacts when we think about that 500 megawats in the latter half of 2023. So, it's probably maybe not as big as maybe one might think when they first hear some of the megawat numbers and so when we think about how we're going to backfill that or take care of that, a lot of what John talked about, we tend to be a little more conservative with our sales forecast. We tend to be a little bit more conservative what we're doing with O&M costs. And we think we can probably make up and mitigate a good chunk of that through those two different types of activities and may not really need to backfill a whole lot of CapEx as a result of that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you. In fact, you kind of answered the next question in some respects here if you can. Retail loan growth up 2% in the first quarter is robust. How does that track against your internal forecast? You said specifically a second ago, load forecasts are pretty conservative and then separately on the O&M side, I think you guys talk about 3% to 5% reduction. You said a second ago that, there's some more room to go on that. Again, I know that you're guiding flat this year, but more structurally 3% to 5%. There's more room to go on a 3% to 5% vis-a-vie offsetting this, if I hear you right?
John Larsen: Yeah Julian, John here. I might, start on the cost reduction. We still have a long term declining O&M trajectory and certain years it might be more than others. I think some of the offsets with inflation, it doesn't mean that we can't still achieve declining O&M because that's our focus. And we tend to be a little conservative on that as well as you noted, but on the sales forecast, we were probably in that 0% to 1%, but we're seeing with our internal forecast and if you recall over the previous years, we were probably more in the 0% to 0.5%, but we're starting to see that climb and towards that 1% or greater. So it's a sign of some great rebound that we've seen from COVID. There's always been some great strength in our Ag businesses and we've seen some pickup in advanced manufacturing. Now we're seeing that in sectors like education, hospitality, transportation, others that had still lagged a bit during COVID have come back through the tail end of last year and into this year. So it's really a good story. And I noted a lot of great interest on the economic development front. So we tend to wait a bit before we start adjusting our internal trend lines, if you will, but it's off to a very -- it's been off to a solid start here for a number of quarters.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Well done. And on the low trend, even the Ag you mentioned here, is that something we should expect to accelerate given the global here as best you see it?
John Larsen: Well, it certainly, I think part of that, but these businesses find a way to be very efficient in what they do as well. So I think the point is it looks like it could be even more sustainable as maybe I would put it that way, but smart businesses and they know how to run efficiently but it's a net positive
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Clearly. Well, best of luck. Thank you guys for the time.
John Larsen: Cheer. Thanks, Julien.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Hey everyone. Good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey guys. Just wanted to clarify kind of along the same line of questioning around the solar uncertainty from the DOC investigation, can you just play out the scenario if this preliminary ruling is kind of a negative outcome with tariffs and kind of what does that do to the plan and are you still able to move things around and hit your targets and the like?
John Larsen: Yeah, Michael, maybe I'll say it. I can assure you, we've done a lot of scenario planning on that and maybe it's not to get into too specific here, because there's a range of outcomes. We took some early action to have some very quality panel pricing and contracts. So it's just a matter of maybe if that clarity is there, that's certainly a good outcome. Pricing may have to be factored in, but when you look at the range of alternatives, these projects are going to make sense. There's a strong need. We've been talking about demand growth, a need for renewable. So that path and what we do is likely not really in question. It's just a matter of probably getting the certainty of what that pricing, if any change and maybe a little bit more on just the scheduling. What we'll do on our end is be well prepared for the sites. So when they arrive, obviously we can be very, very expeditious at getting them installed, which is what we did back last fall when we thought about our 22 projects. So hard to certainly handicap all of those outcomes, but maybe give you a little caller on how we're thinking about it.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's helpful. And yeah, just on the cost, maybe if you could give us the context there. I think Robert, you said this latest tranch is looking like 1600 KW. How does that compare to what you were seeing on some of the initial tranches of solar and how much higher could that go in some of the scenario and also if you run, looking out into the future?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Maybe the best data point I can give you is compare it back to the regulatory approvals and the updated information we've shared as part of the CA1 projects. Those are the ones that we're going to be putting into service here in 2022. So we did update back in July of last year, the commission and let them know that we did see some cost increases roughly in that call it 10% increase range, and that puts it likely in the call it 1400 per KW for those projects. Since then we've continued to see escalations in price, but we still think we're probably around that in the 1400 for those first CA projects. And then with these second CA projects that we just received verbal approval for yesterday, that's in the call it 1600 per KW range. So with that said, those prices are still attractive for us when we think about alternatives for us to provide resources for our customers demand growth. So we still feel very committed to doing these and moving forward with them and what I would characterize as good projects with great pricing. Right now, what we're just trying to figure out is the exact timing of when we may be able to get those in service based on this department of commerce ongress investigation.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thanks. And my last one, just on the O&M side of things, are you seeing any potential pressure from pension expense there? I think you're kind of covered in Wisconsin, but maybe in Iowa there might be exposure. How should we be thinking about that?
John Larsen: Yeah, there's interesting developments when it comes to the pension plan information. So we benefit from the fact that interest rates are rising, because that lowers our obligation. But the plan performance, obviously with the stock market being relatively flat this year doesn't meet our expectations as far as earnings on the plant assets. So when you combine those two together, we could see some, I would say modest increases in pension plan expenses for 2023. As you indicated in our WPL rate case, we have a deferral mechanism such that if our pension costs succeed, what was set in the 2023 rate case levels, we were able to defer those costs. So we won't see any know impact Iowa side because we haven't been in for a rate case for a while. That would be something that we would have to offset as far as any impacts on 2023.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, good morning guys. Thank you for all the color on the renewable stuff. I want to change gears a little bit and that's about to be earnings trajectory. The first quarter was very strong and obviously if I take 77 versus the midpoint of the full year guidance, I calculate that's about 28% of the full year. That's go quite high. The last several years were kind of in the low twenties. So my question is, does this mean that you're tracking toward the high end of the range or is it more about an atypical seasonality due to whatever things like AFUDC for solar or any other consideration?
John Larsen: Yeah. Hey, Andrew, John here. I'd say this is first of all, large part of efforts we've been doing as we've been transitioning from specific large projects, as we've talked about having a little more kind of bite sized in-service capital. So it's part of our planning to really have earnings more stable throughout the quarters instead of having primarily it was Q3 with just weather. So rather than translate that into a, Q1 times four in a different outcome. We've really tried to manage that. So still feel very comfortable with the guidance range that we've had and this is a little bit more about how we planned our investments and our in our rate case planning.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So in other words, the quarter wasn't necessarily stronger than you expected. It's just maybe, us on the outside, didn't quite get that.
John Larsen: It's certainly a bit stronger and I think I'd point to the sales was the primary positive upside on that Andrew, Okay.
Robert Durian: Yeah, I might add Andrew. On the sales, there's two factors to that. One is the temperature impacts, which was about $0.03 per share. The other was the temperature normalized sales growth being better than expected. So when you combine those two we're probably about $0.05 more than we originally expected in our initial plan. And so you're right in noticing that there was an increase, but keep in mind also on the temperature side, we normally exclude that for purposes of what we're trying to target with the midpoint of our guidance.
Andrew Weisel: Sure. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you both. Then second on the new Iowa tax change, I assume over time, a 100% of that savings would be passed on to customers, but what would be the mechanism? It might be too early, but would this be chewed up only after the next rate case whenever that is, or would it be more of like a fuel clause, annual adjustment?
Robert Durian: So a couple different pieces to that puzzle so to speak. When you look at our different mechanisms in Iowa right now, where we see probably some more near term impacts going directly back to customers is we've got a renewable energy rider, as you recall, with the 1,000 megawats of wind that we put in service in 2019 and 2020. That tax rate change once we see that would actually translate into some lower costs that we would pass through that rider. We also expect some positive benefits as a result of the transmission costs that we receive. And the fact that those costs will be lower and that will pass through our transmission rider immediately to customers. The remaining piece we're currently developing plans on how we would actually address that. There's no definitive mechanisms at this point but we're working with the regulators in Iowa to try and figure out a plan to be able to address that and figure out how we're going to give those back to customers by the time we get back to the next rate case.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Would it sort of accrue on the balance sheet in the meantime while that's being decided?
Robert Durian: Still to be determined? Yeah, no, we'll still be working on that. We'll not have a sense really how big this is until we get to the fourth quarter and actually see the rates. So it's still a little early to really know if we're talking about material amount here yet or not. And so in the meantime, we'll be working on some plans to share with the regulators on how to do that.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Levi from HITE Hedge.
Andrew Levi: Hey guys, can you hear me?
John Larsen: We can, Andy. Good morning. Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Levi: I'm going to go one more time on the solar CapEx. So just a couple questions around that. So it's $800 million of, I guess, headline CapEx right. Is that right?
John Larsen: Yeah, roughly that's the correct number,
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then 250 megawatts you said is already for. How much CapEx is that of the $800 million or is that not including, is that different?
John Larsen: That's different from the $800 million or related to the 500 megawats in latter half.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Okay. And then out of the $800 how much do you think would be backed off for tax equity? So just trying to figure out rate based impact.
John Larsen: Yeah, you're usually seeing probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 30% to 40% that's funded through tax equity partnership structures.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So, would we take 30% to 40% off of the $800 to get the kind of rate based CapEx effect or not.
John Larsen: Yeah. The rate based impact, you're correct.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And that's $500 whatever million dollars is that over '23 and '24 or was that all in '23 by the end of '23? So really a '24 earnings impact.
John Larsen: Yeah. That would be CapEx in '22 and '23 with rate based editions going in '23.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But towards the end of right as far as the piece that could be delayed, is that correct?
John Larsen: You're correct.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So let me just cut to the chase then. I understand all the things you said about sales and other mitigation aspects and the things maybe the better you can do, like done math, done rate based math. But kind of when this was occurring a couple quarters ago, real position was you were going to push it out and then replace it with other CapEx. And I don't know if that's part of the plan, because I think Julie kind of asked the question, but should we expect for whatever reason doesn't matter what the reason or what our views are that this can't be built till, I don't know, '25 because there's so much noise or the costs go up or whatever the case is that there is $500 million in incremental CapEx in '23, let's say '24 to substitute for that solar.
John Larsen: Yeah. So we would be looking at that as part of our call it 24, 25 rate case planning activities, Andy. So there would likely be some capital expenditures that if these things were delayed longer than expected that we would be replacing this solar CapEx with different CapEx. To your point, it could be electric distribution spend. It could be other resources that we think about to meet the growing demand of our customers. And so that would all factor into our rate case planning activities to ensure that we put together a plan that's in the best interest of our customers and ensure that we recovery of that is part of our next case process.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So it sounds like you're to recover the solar if I'm not mistaken that if there is material delay, that there could be, I don't know if it kind of be rough math, $15 million to $20 million of like net income that would need to be made up in the interim, right through that kind of bridge year bridge being '23 first half '24 to offset any major relations. So that was a way to look at it.
John Larsen: Yeah. I don’t go into the math on the numbers exactly Andy, but I think you're thinking about it correctly.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And so then back to maybe Shar's original question, like where you would fall within the range? So you have this 5% to 7% growth rate. You guys have done like an amazing job being at, the middle to the top end of that growth rate. It's reflected, clearly in the way that your stock trades relative to the other peers within the sector. I guess basically it would be very difficult to kind of, be toward middle to the top end that one year, that one bridge year, whatever that year is with that just based on the timing or am I looking at that wrong?
John Larsen: Well, I think that's fair Andy. There would be I'll characterize it as a short term or we may be on the lower end of that range is how I characterize it. But over the long term, we still feel good about the 5% to 7%. 
Andrew Levi: Okay. That's exact. Maybe that was the question I should just add one question instead of all these other questions, that's just me, so, okay. But thank you that makes very much. Have a great weekend.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ross Fowler from UBS.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, John. Morning, Robert, how are you?
John Larsen: Good morning, Ross.
Ross Fowler: So just got to beat the dead horse after all Andy's questions, but just going back to the 1600 kilowatt cost target in the CA2 process and obviously you've let us know that you're filing with the commission for an increase of the cost cap. So when we get to the other side of this circumvention case, and we actually determine if there's going to be a tariff, what that tariff looks like. Just remind us how the CA regulatory process works. If you're sourcing cost for those 500 megawats of projects is gonna go up and then maybe as a corollary to that question, is there any tariff assumption in that $1,600 kilowatt cost target?
John Larsen: Yeah. So first off there is no tariffs assumed in the 1600 per KW CA2 cost target. And what we would do is if we did see some additional costs above and beyond, what's in the CA2 target, we'd be sharing that with the commission similar to what we did with CA1 and CA2. As we went through the process, we've been keeping them informed. We've been very transparent about the economic conditions and inflation impacts on these solar projects. So it'd be a communication they would see throughout the next several quarters as we see information change, we'll share that with them. And at the end of the day, what'll happen is this information will be factored to our next rate case if there are any cost increases and we'll be going through a review of that and getting approval of that with the next rate case
Ross Fowler: That's great, Robert and then if by circumstance, hopefully not, but if you actually end up above the cost cap, what does that require you to do with the regulator? And then would you just go above the cost cap. So I really have to maybe delay some of these projects to source the panels from somewhere else. That's not subject to these tariffs to make sure I'm not increasing customer rates too much.
John Larsen: Ross. John here, maybe I'd say, it's not certainly atypical to go back if the there's a prudent cost increase on projects, we'd go back and work that through the process with our regulators. I think the real question is do the projects still make sense for customers, which I think Robert had noted compared to alternatives and the need that we have, the capacity need that we have, these are very strong projects. It's not necessarily something where you want the cost to increase, but they still make sense for our customers and we feel that's still gonna be a pretty strong story. I think the point about which panels, we've got to kind of take a look if there's different panels and different price out there, but we feel very good about the contracts we have in place and that's kind of a to be determined. So I don't want to get too far ahead on that part of it.
Ross Fowler: Yeah, no worries, John. Thank you. That's good color. Thank you. Thanks for the time.
John Larsen: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Fields, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Zach Fields: Thank you. This concludes Alliant Energy's first quarter earnings call. A replay will be available on our investor website. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow up questions.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2021 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zach Fields, Lead Investor Relations Analyst at Alliant Energy.
Zach Fields: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end 2021 financial results, and updated our 2022 earnings guidance. This release as well as an earnings presentation will be referenced during today's call, and are available on our Investors page of our Web site at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in earnings release, which is available on our Web site. At this point, I will turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Zach. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2021 was another successful year of growth, solid operations, and strong financial performance. I want to thank our talented and dedicated employees for all they do to help us deliver on our purpose, to serve customers and build stronger communities. It shows in how we work each day, and in our results. I'm humbled by their efforts, and proud to be part of the Alliant Energy team, my sincere thank you to our team. Yesterday, we announced 2021 GAAP earnings of $2.63 per share, compared to $2.47 per share in 2020, finishing the year at the top of our guidance range. Excluding temperature and non-recurring items, our earnings per share were up 7% from 2020. This was our third straight year of delivering 7% EPS growth, and the 19th year of consecutive dividend increases. This consistent growth, driven by solid execution and operational results, showcases the resilience and flexibility of our employees, our strategy, and our company. I'll highlight a few of our many strategic and operational achievements from the year, then turn it over to Robert who will provide more details on our solid financial and regulatory outcomes. From the start of last year, with Winter Storm Uri, to the heat waves experienced during the summer months, our employees weathered each and every storm to keep delivering safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers. And our customers noticed as we earned the second-highest increase in year-over-year J.D. Power's residential electric customer satisfaction scores among large utilities. 2021 was also the first full year of operations for our 1,050 megawatts of new wind, delivering clean, reliable, and affordable electricity for our customers. Our forward-thinking and renewable investments also led us to develop our comprehensive clean energy blueprints for Iowa and for Wisconsin, which continue to showcase our commitment to providing a thoughtful path to a clean energy future. Also in 2021, we made tremendous progress on advancing the solar and energy storage aspects of our clean energy blueprints. The customer-focused and transparent planning by our teams led to successful regulatory outcomes, and positions us well for straightforward execution. We received approval for our first certificate of authority for 675 megawatts of solar, in Wisconsin, and have advanced into the construction phase. We also filed for an additional 114 megawatts of solar for our customers in Wisconsin, and 475 megawatts of solar and battery storage for our customers in Iowa. Both filings are expected to be decided in 2022. I'd also like to note that our teams were well prepared, and continue to navigate through difficult global supply chain issues. And while these supply chain issues are not over, the proactive efforts by our talented team, along with leveraging our strong partnerships, have resulted in solid progress on panel and equipment deliveries, resulting in an increase in our capital investment plan. Robert will be sharing more details about this positive news later in the call. Our efforts to build stronger communities were also on full display this past year. While theres are many examples I could share, I'll take a little time and highlight a few for you now. Alliant Energy was once again named the top utility in economic development by Site Selection Magazine. Site Selection credits our economic development team in collaboration with local, regional, and state partners with delivering more than $900 million in new capital investment, and more than 2,200 jobs, in 2021. We were honored to receive the award and proud of all we've accomplished to help bring new jobs and continued investment to our communities. Another way we're making things better in our communities is our pledge to plant one million trees by the end of 2030. These trees will grow to provide shade, reduce greenhouse gases, and improve water quality. And we're off to a great start, planting thousands of trees at community events from Ripon, Wisconsin, to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, it's just another way we are living our value of acting for tomorrow. We also help to build stronger communities by nurturing a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion. This past year, we earned a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index issued by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. And they named us the best place to work, for the fifth year in a row. And we were proud to be named to Newsweek Magazine's most responsible companies for the second year in a row, and we made Forbes America's Best Midsize Employers list for the fourth year in a row. 2021 was an excellent year for our company, our customers and our communities. We look forward to building on that momentum in 2022, and thank you for your continued interest in Alliant Energy. And I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2021 GAAP earnings of $2.63 per share, compared to $2.47 per share in 2020. On an adjusted basis, which excludes its impacts of temperatures and non-reoccurring adjustments, our earnings per share increased 7% from 2020. Looking year-over-year, the increases in 2021 were driven by higher revenue requirements, primarily due to increasing rate base at our Wisconsin and Iowa utilities, and higher electric sales due to strong demand from commercial industrial customers and impacts of warmer summer temperatures. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation and lower allowance for funds used during construction. Our temperature normalized retail electric sales grew 3% in 2021, when compared to 2020, primarily driven by a resurgence of our commercial and industrial customers, as our state economies have strengthened from the worst impacts of the pandemic in 2020. This recovery was more robust in 2021 than initially forecasted, led by stronger industrial sales resulting in total commercial and industrial sales levels for the year, roughly 1% higher than 2019 levels. As customers across our service territories have gradually been returning to their workplaces, we have seen some decline in residential sales. However, residential sales remain modestly higher than 2019 levels. The strong sales we experienced in 2021 were bolstered by a great year from our economic development efforts, as our team was able to assist with several key industrial customer additions and expansions, ultimately adding about 75 megawatts of load to our system. Additionally, we saw one of the strongest years of incremental customer growth in the past decade. We're announcing an update to our capital expenditure plans for 2022 through 2025. Our new plan is summarized on Slide 6 of our earnings presentation. There are two primary drivers for the updated plans. The first relates to recent progress made with our solar equipment suppliers that will allow us to receive equipment and materials earlier than previously anticipated. These efforts have allowed us to pull forward approximately $300 million of renewable expenditures into 2022. This enables us to complete these clean energy investments earlier than planned, with 325 megawatts now scheduled to go into service in 2022 for our Wisconsin customers. The balance of our previously announced solar and battery projects are expected to go in service in 2023 and 2024. The second driver of the updated capital expenditure plans involves accelerating clean energy investments into 2023 through 2025. To address capacity needs resulting from MISO's proposed seasonal resource adequacy construct. For those who may not be familiar, MISO is proposed to accredit generation capacity on a seasonal basis under this new construct, versus the current state where capacity is accredited on an annual basis. The additive investments included in our updated capital expenditure plans will help satisfy our anticipated seasonal capacity requirements, and support reliability for our customers. Our capital expenditure plans also continue to include investments to replace the capacity from the anticipated exercise of options by WEC Energy and MG&E to purchase a portion of our West Riverside natural gas facility. We anticipate making a Certificate of Authority filing with the PSCW in the first half of this year, for additional capacity resources to replace the capacity expected to be lost with the exercise of these options. We plan to share more details about these resources as we get closer to making that filing. Turning to this year's earnings guidance, with the updates to our capital expenditures plans, we're increasing our 2022 earnings guidance and remain well positioned for consistent 5% to 7% earnings growth going forward. The midpoint of our updated guidance range is $2.74 per share, which represents a 6% increase over 2021 adjusted earnings. The expected drivers of this increase in earnings include higher earnings on increasing capital investments, and higher APDC benefits from our solar projects under construction. More details on our 2022 earnings guidance are provided on Slide 7 of earnings presentation. In 2022, we estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 4% with substantial production tax credits generated by our large wind portfolio, helping us maintain the low effective tax rate for the upcoming year and several more years to come. The benefits from these production tax credits are passed on to our electric customers to help manage customer bills. And therefore, are largely earnings neutral. Moving on to the financing plans for 2022, we plan to issue long-term debt of up to $1.4 billion in total for WTL and Alliant Energy Finance. The proceeds from the new debt will be used largely to finance investments in solar projects as well as to refinance $625 million of debt maturities in 2022. We also expect to receive approximately $25 million of new common equity under our DRIP plan in 2022. Lastly, we have included this year's key regulatory initiatives on Slide 8 related to our customer investments. In Wisconsin, we anticipate a decision on our approval request for 440 megawatts on solar in the first half of this year. In Iowa, our advanced remaking filing for 475 megawatts of solar and battery is progressing as expected. The Iowa Utilities Board issued procedural schedule last month which can be found on Slide 9. We anticipate a decision on this advanced remaking filing in the second half of this year. In Wisconsin, we also filed a joint application for the sale of a portion of our West Riverside natural gas generating facility to WEC Energy and MG&E at the end of January. We anticipate a decision on this application in either last 2022 or early 2023. These regulatory initiatives are an important part of executing our strategy. And we are thankful for the continued constructive relationships with our regulators in both of our state jurisdictions. As we conclude another successful year with solid financial results and constructive regulatory outcomes, I want express my optimism for the year ahead. We've demonstrated the flexibility of our CapEx plan to shift quickly future opportunities in solar project supply chain. We have regulatory certainty for the next couple of years with no major rate reviews planned. And we have dedicated and intelligent employees working hard every day to serve our customers and shareholders. We appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you virtually and in-person in the coming months. As always, we will make our investor relation material available on our Web site. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the Company will open the call to questions from members of the investment community. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Dariusz Lozny: Hi, good morning everyone. It's Dariusz on for Julien. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to, at the outset, ask more high-level as far as your long-term EPS CAGR. It seems like in the last few years, you had pretty good success achieving growth at the upper-end of that range. So, as we look ahead in the context of your increased CapEx plan, I guess what kind of -- what would you see happen that would potentially see growth at the lower end of that CAGR? I am just trying to think of the various scenarios, again, in the context of the increased investment plan.
John Larsen: Yes, appreciate the question. And we are still very comfortable with the 5% to 7%. Think of it as sales would be one of those drivers for me either on the upper or lower end of that. And certainly, we’ve got a strong focus on controlling costs, O&M. So those would be always along with weather, but those are the primary drivers.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, great. Appreciate that. And I guess more on the potential legislation side of things. I know the environment changed a little bit, and we were talking about potential direct pay getting passed a few months ago. I am just curious how are you thinking about that prospectively? How would your financing or FFO metrics change assuming that some kind of direct pay legislation or provision were passed in coming months?
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, this is Robert. So first off, I just want to reiterate, our strategy was created without the expectation of build back better any type of clean energy legislation. So, no impact to our strategy if that does not pass. But if it does, we are evaluating the opportunities to switch from tax equity partnership structures to a full ownership. As a result of that, we would expect, I think, somewhere in the neighborhood of a little over $1 billion of additional capital expenditures in our plan over the next four years. We would expect to maintain our capital structures consistent with what our regulatory bodies have approved in both states, and therefore you'd see probably a mix of both debt and equity issued as a result of that, to maintain the current ratings that we have and the strong balance sheet, and the strong metrics that we currently entertain.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, great, thank you. And if I could just sneak one more in here, just a point of clarification on the updated CapEx plan, obviously, you can appreciate that the renewable spend went up, as you alluded to. It looked like the other, the nonrenewable bucket on generation ticked down a little bit. Can you just speak to, I guess, what got either reduced or moved out in that bucket?
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, think of that as we continue to look at our resource plan as we go through the process. And I'd characterize it as we have more confidence in our ability to execute on renewable projects going forward. So, you'll see that is our primary focus, along with our electric distribution spend. So, the nice thing about our spend is it's very flexible, and so we can constantly evaluate it and look for different opportunities. And right now, we see renewables as kind of the best opportunities when we think about both renewables and storage for the future of our customers. And we're always trying to balance the needs of our customers, which are focused largely on clean energy, reliable energy, and affordable. And we see that as really a big focus on solar storage, and even some wind as we think into the future, and that's what made us pivot a little bit to that.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, great. I appreciate those responses. I'll pass it along here. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I'd like to ask a question about the CAGR in a different way, similar idea though; you're reiterating 5% to 7%. In the past, you've talked about a bias towards the midpoint, and I believe the guidance midpoint for '22 is 6%. Just given your historical strength, I know you're sticking with the range, but is there a bias for the high-end in '22 and beyond, or do you really think that 6% is the more realistic number? I know you're conservative, but how to think about that?
John Larsen: Thanks, Andrew, I think you might have captured my answer or response back there. Perhaps a bit of, I guess, conservatism in there, but we do plan for the 6% for the long-term, and right in the middle of our 5% to 7%, so that will remain.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, got it. Then on equity, I see the $25 million in '22, that's a number you've talked about for kind of the foreseeable future, I believe. Is that still the case given the increase to the CapEx plan or might there be some upward pressure on equity needs, a lot of variables, of course, but given what you know today?
John Larsen: Yes, given what we have today, still, besides the DRIP, no other equity planned.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And remind us -- the DRIP was the $25 million you mean, right?
John Larsen: Yes.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
John Larsen: You're welcome. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Peter Bourdon with Mizuho.
Peter Bourdon: Good morning, John and Robert, thanks for taking my question.
John Larsen: Good morning, Peter.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Peter Bourdon: So, on the solar CapEx pull-forward, is that for Iowa or Wisconsin? And then secondly, how should we be thinking about the recovery of that spend?
John Larsen: Yes, that's for our Wisconsin projects, that pull-forward represents that CA 1 that we referred to, that first 675 megawatts. About half of that's in 2022, in '23. And so, we've gone through the regulatory process for that one. And you would think of it in the normal course of our regulatory proceedings.
Peter Bourdon: Okay. And then the additional $300 million to that same period, does that have any regulatory approvals tied to it?
Robert Durian: Yes, Peter, think of that as - it's mainly for the CA 1 projects that we're constructing here in 2022. And as part of '22, '23 rate review that was approved by the PSCW in December. They've approved those projects and allowed us to get a recovery on those costs, as well as to earn AFUDC as we're constructing those facilities. And so, we will have to prove prudency with those, given the costs were about 7% to 10% higher than what we originally filed for when we received approval for that, but we feel confident with the execution of those projects and the prudency of the spend that will be supported, we've been keeping the PSCW informed all along with updates on the capital expenditure costs for the solar projects in both CA 1 and CA 2 and feel well positioned to get recovery of those costs.
Peter Bourdon: Okay, I appreciate that detail. And then, just one other separate one for me, can you just kind of give us an update on the West Riverside Energy Center with the ownership options? Is there still a cash inflow expected for 2022, or is that pushed into later year?
John Larsen: Yes, I think we would expect more in the 2023 for that, think of that regulatory proceeding right now that we filed jointly. I think, we're thinking end of this year, maybe early '23. So, we would expect the cash infusion in '23.
Robert Durian: And just as a reminder period, there's two pieces to that. There's actually the first half of it, as John indicated, we'll see for the first time in 2023 and there's also a 2024 piece, so that's roughly $200 million to $250 million of cash will come in pretty evenly between those two years.
Peter Bourdon: Okay, perfect. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone. Good morning.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to follow-up with that last question there on the 7% to 10% cost increase that as I recall is a number you've already pointed to, so no additional change since prior communications on cost?
John Larsen: That's correct Michael.
Robert Durian: Correct, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. And just from a total incremental megawatts perspective, so I think you pulled some forward and that that drove some of the CapEx increase, but in the back end of the plan and what's tied to this MISO capacity, construct change how should we think about that from a megawatt standpoint?
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, maybe I'll kick it off here. So, there's actually two pieces. There's about up to 300 megawatts of capacity needs we expect as a result of the West Riverside options being exercised. So, think of us as making a filing like I said, sometime here in 2022, for that or most likely here in the first half of the year. And then, as we think about the forward capacity requirements as a result of the MISO seasonal constructs, like keep in mind that's still in a proposed state, and so we're working through some of the details on that, so we don't have specific information. But most likely expect to have something later this year, we'll provide more details regarding the exact megawatts and the nature of the resources that we're going to use between renewables and storage.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thank you. And then my last one was just what are you embedding for sales growth in 2022 guidance, any color on that?
John Larsen: Yes, think of it is maybe flat to maybe half a percent long-term is generally what we have for sales. We did see a nice 2020 to 2021 increase, but we're not assuming that to be necessarily go forward, so, back to what our typical half-a-percent types of so overall growth.
Michael Sullivan: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ross Fowler with UBS.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, John. Good morning, Robert. How are you?
John Larsen: Good.
Ross Fowler: Just followed up on the 7% to 10% increase in CapEx, and I know you've pointed to that in a group before you know, that's a little bit of cross pressure on the solar side, but you were able to pull it forward into this year and I just, I stepped back and I juxtapose that against some others in the industry that have actually pushed out, so the projects because of cost and supply chain issues. So, maybe just delving into, you know, details of your agreements there with your suppliers that allowed you to pull that forward. And then second part of the question is, are you seeing further sort of cost pressures or supply chain issues beyond that 7% to 10% as I think about future years for solar, in particular?
John Larsen: Thanks, Ross. Maybe couple parts of that, and I will ask Robert if he wants to add a bit here. So, you know, we've got a good portion of the materials for the first part of our CA that we're going to be constructing here in 2022. So, we feel good about having those pieces of equipment panels on site, if you will. But we've got more solar to build. So, we certainly know the supply chain issues aren't over with. But the team's done a lot of great work and proactive planning. We do partner with some very strong suppliers as well. So, we did a lot of work back in earlier years, and as well into 2021 that really put us in a pretty good shape here for carrying that out in '22. So, those were the probably no more detailed. And besides, we picked some very strong partners to work with, we were able to navigate that for our first CA, we know that supply chain issues will continue for a while. So, we continue to monitor it, but we're in good shape for our first solar coming out, and that's why we've been able to be more confident about having that completed in '22 and '23. Anything to add, Robert?
Robert Durian: Yes, maybe just relatively speaking in November, we pushed out some of those projects, knowing that there was some supply chain constraints, but the team has done an amazing job over the past few months to remedy that situation. So, we're pretty much close to the original planned in-service dates that we had towards the earlier part of 2021, so, just to keep that in mind to keep as a reference point.
Ross Fowler: Okay, thanks. That's great.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Zach Fields: This concludes Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. A replay will be available on our investor Web site. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And once again that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2021 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zac Fields, Lead Investor Relations Analyst at Alliant Energy. 
Zac Fields: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. 
 Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. 
 We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter financial results, updated our consolidated 2021 guidance range, and announced our 2022 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. 
 Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website. 
 At this point, I'll turn the call over to John. 
John Larsen: Thanks, Zac. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today as we highlight our solid results for the third quarter of 2021. 
 To start us off, I'm pleased to share our narrowed and increased 2021 earnings guidance range of $2.61 to $2.67, which represents a forecasted 12th consecutive year of 5% or greater earnings growth. We are also announcing our 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.65 to $2.79 per share, marking yet another year of forecasted 5% to 7% growth. We understand the importance of delivering consistent returns for our investors and solid operations for our customers. And in keeping with our plan to grow dividends commensurate with earnings growth, I'm pleased to share that our Board of Directors has approved a 6% increase in our targeted annual common stock dividend to $1.71 per share. 
 In a few moments, I'll turn the call over to Robert to share more details of our excellent third quarter financial results. But before I do, I'll highlight some of our many accomplishments from the quarter. 
 Over the past several weeks, I've been pleased to meet with many investors and continue to share our ESG story. It's been a natural journey for us and a direct outcome of how we deliver on our purpose: to serve customers and build stronger communities. We know that a clear vision and solid execution are very important factors when making investment decisions. We are proud that our progress and results have been recognized by several key ESG rating organizations who rate us near the top of the utility industry. Our top-performing results can be seen on supplemental Slide #2. 
 Our recent corporate responsibility report highlights many of our achievements. We continue to make steady progress, such as our commitment to plant more than 1 million trees across our service territory over the next decade. Not only will this support our care for the environment value and our carbon reduction efforts, it is also responsive to the impact from the 2020 derecho windstorm that devastated our service territory. 
 In Wisconsin, we celebrated our first community solar project with a public open house and tours in the town of Fond du Lac. The 1-megawatt solar garden will supply clean energy to up to 1,000 homes and is expected to be operational by the end of 2021. Celebrating this solar garden reflects the community's innovative spirit and passion for clean energy. 
 In Iowa, we are excited to have received IUB approval for our first solar garden. It's expected to be constructed in 2022 at a site near Cedar Rapids. 
 In the third quarter, we also assumed ownership of the Bear Creek, North Rock, Wood County and Grand County solar projects in Wisconsin. Construction has either started or will be started shortly on these projects that totaled 450 megawatts. 
 And here in the fourth quarter, we acquired the Crawfish River project and expect to acquire the Onion River project before the end of the year. With those acquisitions, we will have assumed ownership of all 675 megawatts of solar that was approved as part of our first CA filing in Wisconsin. 
 2 final highlights I'll share are tied to the social side of ESG. In September, we committed $4 million to the Hometown Care Energy Fund to help customers who need financial assistance to help pay their energy bills during the upcoming home heating season. The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates that Midwest natural gas expenditures will rise by nearly 50% compared with last winter. And while we expect the proactive planning by our energy markets team will keep us in line or below those forecasted increases, we know customers will welcome the additional support from this donation to help them stay on track with their energy bills during this time of increased natural gas demand. 
 And finally, I'm excited to share that with the support of our suppliers and partners, our 15th annual Drive Out Hunger event raised over $400,000, bringing our 15-year fundraising total to more than $5 million. This event has provided over 17 million meals to families in need across our service territory. Combating hunger is one of the focus areas of our charitable foundation, and we are proud to partner with our Feeding America food bank partners in Iowa and Wisconsin to help thousands of our customers access nutritious food to strengthen their families. 
 With all the great results from the quarter, I would be remiss in not mentioning that our economic development and customer growth efforts have resulted in our third year in a row of being named a top utility and economic development by Site Selector magazine. Our economic development team in collaboration with local, regional and state partners in Iowa and Wisconsin created more than $900 million in new capital investments and more than 2,200 new jobs across Iowa and Wisconsin. 
 I look forward to meeting with many of you next week at the EEI Financial Conference to share even more about our company, including our clean energy vision, flexible and well-executed capital investment plan, our long track record of consistent financial and operational results, and our focus on the well-being of our employees, customers and communities. 
 Thank you for your confidence in Alliant Energy. I'll now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. 
 Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $1.02 per share compared to $0.98 per share in the third quarter last year. Our higher earnings year-over-year were driven by higher revenue requirements due to increasing rate base as well as higher temperature normalized sales compared to the third quarter of 2020. These higher earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation expense and timing of income tax expense. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2020, we recorded a non-GAAP adjustment of $0.04 per share related to a legacy guarantee in our nonutility operations. 
 Through the first 9 months of this year, temperatures in our service territory have increased retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.08 per share. By comparison in 2020, the year-to-date temperature impacts through the first 3 quarters increased retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.01 per share. 
 Turning to temperature normalized sales. Our retail electric sales in the third quarter of 2021 were up 4.1% versus last year. The 2 key drivers for this increase are continued pandemic recovery in year-over-year sales, particularly in the commercial and industrial classes, and minimal storm activity this year compared to the third quarter of 2020 when our Iowa territory experienced a derecho windstorm. Through the first 9 months of 2021, temperature-normalized electric sales have been better than forecasted, largely due to higher-than-expected demand from residential and industrial customer classes. 
 As John mentioned, last night, we issued our consolidated 2022 earnings guidance range of $2.65 to $2.79 per share. The key driver of the 6% growth in temperature normalized EPS is higher earnings on increasing capital investments, primarily driven by our solar program. The details of our refreshed capital expenditure plans are shown on Slides 5 and 6. 
 Our capital expenditures, net of expected tax equity contributions over the 5-year period from 2021 through 2025, will total approximately $7 billion or an average of $1.4 billion per year. Our capital expenditure plans continue to be focused on the transition to cleaner energy and strengthening the reliability and resiliency of our electric grid. 
 We continue to make progress on our plans to add 1,500 megawatts of solar energy for both our Wisconsin and Iowa customers and have adjusted our flexible capital expenditure plans to address the current market conditions for solar panels and related project materials. Our plan includes expectations for increasing costs for these solar projects as supply constraints and commodity inflation continue to be prevalent in the solar market. Despite increasing costs, these solar projects remain key elements of our clean energy blueprints and will bring long-term environmental and cost benefits to our customers. 
 In addition to the 1.1 gigawatts of solar previously announced for our Wisconsin customers, our plan includes additional renewables and energy storage in Wisconsin, in part to replace the capacity from a portion of the West Riverside Energy Center that we anticipate will be purchased by our neighboring utilities over the next few years. 
 In Iowa, we recently completed an advanced rate making filing for our announced 400 megawatts of solar and 75 megawatts of battery storage. We plan for 200 megawatts of that solar, plus the battery storage, to be located at the site of the recently retired Duane Arnold Energy Center, leveraging the existing transmission interconnection from the former nuclear plant. This will be our first utility-scale battery storage installation and will be an important complement to our solar generation. 
 Finally, we've also included capital expenditures in the latter part of our 5-year plan for additional energy storage and renewables, including wind repowering opportunities, to increase our portfolio of cost-effective clean energy sources for our utility customers. 
 Slide 9 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 13% for 2021 and positive 6% for 2022. At our Wisconsin utility, we will have returned essentially all of the available excess deferred income tax benefits to our customers by the end of 2021, leading to a higher effective tax rate going forward. At our Iowa utility, our large wind portfolio and the resulting production tax credits will maintain our lower effective tax rate for several more years. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits flow back to customers, resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the changes in the effective tax rate related to the PTCs and excess deferred tax benefits are largely earnings neutral. 
 Next, I'd highlight our continued focus on controlling costs for our customers. We have met virtually with many of you throughout this year and shared our strategy to reduce O&M over the next few years. This strategy is important as we head into the upcoming winter heating season, with much higher anticipated fuel prices, reminding us that our customers need our continued focus on controlling costs to keep rates affordable. Additionally, while we are not immune to rising commodity prices, we are able to leverage our risk management programs to mitigate the impact of rising natural gas and coal costs on customer bills. 
 Let's move next to our financing plans. In September, we issued a $300 million green bond at WPL to finance renewal projects in Wisconsin. The coupon rate of 1.95% represents the lowest interest rate for a 10-year debenture issued by WPL, helping to support our customer affordability objectives. Our financing plan over the next 14 months includes issuing up to $1.4 billion of long-term debt at our utilities and Alliant Energy Finance. The proceeds from the new debt issuances will be used to refinance existing debt and the redemption of preferred stock and to finance the utilities capital expenditure plans. Our 2022 financing plans also include $25 million of new common equity through our DRIP plan. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 7. 
 As mentioned earlier, this week, we filed the advanced ratemaking principles for 400 megawatts of solar and 75 megawatts of storage for our Iowa utility. The key details of this filing are outlined on Slide 8. We plan to receive a decision on this filing in the second half of 2022. 
 Looking ahead, this quarter, we expect to receive the written decision regarding our WPL rate review, including the decision on the innovative cost recovery mechanism for the Edgewater Unit 5 coal plant expected to retire by the end of 2022. And in the first half of next year, we plan to receive a decision on our second solar CA filing in Wisconsin. 
 We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you during the EEI Finance Conference next week. 
 Later today, we expect to post on our website the EEI investor presentation and the November 2021 fact book, which details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures, rate base, and construction work and progress forecast through 2025. 
 At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Look forward to seeing many of you. Perhaps just -- so perhaps just to kick things off, can we go back to the solar CapEx and some of the shifts here? Obviously, you kind of alluded to it, but I want to make this a little bit more explicit. The shift in CapEx here to '24, is that just about inflation and supply chain uncertainties here in the near term? Or are there other factors, especially in the later years, whether that's '22 or '23 that are driving it out? 
John Larsen: Yes. Julien, John here. Yes. I think you have that. Just a little bit of an adjustment for inflation. And then, of course, this time of year, we bring in our new refreshed CapEx. And as Robert noted, we've added a bit there with some repower and some additional resources. But I think you've got the headline on that one. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. It's -- you're not alone is what I'll say. But if I can actually ask that a little bit in reverse here. How are you thinking about financing it today? I mean certainly, the conversation or indirect pay from several of your peers has taken note. How are you thinking about this impacting your financing structure, and/or more importantly, your cash flow outlook? 
John Larsen: Robert, do you want to take that one? 
Robert Durian: Yes. Sure, Julien. So yes, you'll see in the information that we shared in the earnings release with the CapEx table, we continue to model out a tax equity structure, and that will finance roughly 25% to 45% of these solar projects with a tax equity financing partner. But to your point, we are watching the new legislation that's being proposed in the Budget Reconciliation Bill. And if we do see some type of direct pay, plus production tax credits for solar, we'll reevaluate that financing mechanism. Right now, we've got about $1 billion of financing planned over the next 5 years with the tax equity structures. So that could be an opportunity for us for future rate base growth if those provisions come to fruition through the new legislation. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But you're not ready to talk about what the, shall we say, nearer-term benefit to your cash flow metrics looks like thus far? 
John Larsen: I think there's still some moving targets on that, Julien. John here. But I think the net result from what we're seeing, it's very much in line with where we're going with our plan. And as Robert noted, if anything, it appears to have some favorability for both customers and investors. So I think as we see that play out, we'll certainly talk more about any impacts to our plan. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And the last quick one there. Just on the shift in distribution CapEx, obviously, stepping up in the later years. Is there any undergrounding in there? I know we've talked about that at various points with respect to ratio follow-up. 
John Larsen: Yes. Continue to have a lot of focus on advancing underground. What we're working on is making sure we continue to get more and more efficient. So we look at not only advancing the underground but getting efficient with each unit of capital, if you will, Julien. So that's very much in there. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take a follow-up from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry, guys. If no one is going to ask this question, I might as well jump in to confirm it. Just on Duane Arnold, is that in -- the solar facility, is that in the updated CapEx? Sorry. Not sure if I heard that right in the commentary. And then on the reconciliation bill, just clarifying this, you're not really concerned about minimum cash tax considerations here either, right? 
John Larsen: Yes. Affirmative on both, Julien. The solar in Iowa, we recently announced is in our CapEx, and we don't see the minimum tax as impacting Alliant Energy. 
Robert Durian: Yes, I might add, Julien. So right now, what we're seeing is the minimum threshold for the book income to qualify for the 15% minimum tax would be $1 billion. And right now, we're probably in that $600 million to -- growing to $700 million over the next few years. So we think we'll be exempt from that assuming that the provision comes out with the same minimum threshold of $1 billion. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll now take a question from Andrew Levi with Hite Hedge. 
Andrew Levi: So I'd like the answer to Julien's question, especially on the financing [indiscernible]. You guys obviously are taking a look at that really depending on what's going on. Some other companies do not. As far as looking forward, because you always kind of -- your CapEx plans are somewhat front-end loaded and then you kind of fill in. As you look at the second part of the decade, you get out to '25 and beyond, what's kind of not included yet that you envisioned to, whether it's in '24 or '25, and more importantly, '26, '27 to be kind of added or big CapEx spend going forward? 
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. This is Robert. I guess when we look beyond '25, which we've announced to date, we have provided some guidance through some of our materials that show we're thinking about roughly $7 billion to $9 billion of CapEx over the following 5-year plan. And as you think about that, I think it's going to be a continuation of what we're focused on now. A lot of it is going to be focused on cleaner energy sources. So think of that as more solar, more wind, including repowering opportunities, more storage. So all of those line up well with what our intention is, to translate or transfer our generation fleet to cleaner sources. 
 And we think this new legislation that's being proposed under the Budget Reconciliation Bill, we'd be very supportive of that and help be able to provide some good cost benefits for our customers through that program. And also, on a continuation of our electric grid spend, so we've obviously talked a lot to you guys about the fact that we feel it's very important to focus on reliability and resiliency in that system. And so we'll see a continuation of undergrounding spend on 25 kV standardization. So that's going to drive a lot of that CapEx in the latter half. So those are the 2 primary categories. 
 We'll have other things that we'll obviously watch. And as John indicated before, we let our capital compete. We're always looking for the best opportunities for our customers. But those seem to be bubbling up to the top right now as far as cleaner sources of energy and the grid. 
Andrew Levi: Okay. That's great. And then just on the transmission side, again, I think a smaller opportunity for you. But then also to kind of look at your customers and all the other money that you're spending, and at the same time, saving by what you feel to kind of give and take. But one area that kind of, I think, always been something that you guys are focused on is like lowering the cost of transmission for your customers since I think ITC is a big part of that cost. So could you kind of maybe talk about what efforts, if any, you're trying to do as far as reduce your transmission costs, as far as returns, and what you may be hearing from the FERC, and what direction they're going as far as adders and also potential reduction of the base ROE, and whether you're in support of that? Or you're just kind of an onlooker? 
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe I'll just start off. Yes, it's certainly important, Andrew, from overall cost, and we know it's important for transmission that's needed to connect renewables. So we certainly have a forecast for that and certainly would like to see transmission commensurate with the renewable adds. 
 We do continue to focus on making sure those investments remain affordable for our customers. So you'll see us weighing in on occasion on those. To handicap what's going to come out with the FERC, I guess I'd say it's going to be -- I'm just going to assume that it's going to be reasonable. It's going to continue to be helpful for transmission to get built. And other than trying to predict numbers, I think we've got a lot of that baked into our forecast, and we'll continue to monitor it. 
Zac Fields: This concludes Alliant Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Call. A replay will be available through November 12, 2021 at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference, and we thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Alliant Energy’s Conference Call for Second Quarter 2021 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Zach Fields, Lead Investor Relations Analyst at Alliant Energy.
Zach Fields: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter 2021 financial results. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures is provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Zach. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We completed another solid quarter with strong operational and financial results. I’ll share a few of the highlights from the quarter and then turn it over to Robert to recap key regulatory, customer and financial results. I’ll start with a focus on our strong ESG story. We recently issued our 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. This year’s update showcases many examples of our environmental stewardship, governance and our longstanding efforts to address the important social needs of the communities we proudly serve. I’ll start with the end in mind is no clean energy story is complete without results. First off in 2020, we achieved a 42% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to 2005 levels, with a clear path toward our goal of 50% reduction by 2030. We also reduce water usage by 66% in 2020, well on our way to a 75% reduction by 2030. And we’ve already met or exceeded our ambitious NOx, SOx and Mercury emission goals. Looking forward, our aspiration is to achieve net zero carbon dioxide emissions from the electricity we generate by 2050. We’ve been reducing our carbon footprint for many years, transitioning from older and less efficient coal units to low cost and efficient generation resources like wind, natural gas and solar. These resources continue to be low cost options in our service territory, making them a smart choice to serve our customers well into the future. We’re building on our successful wind energy expansion. That includes our excellent track record of project execution, as we turn toward expanding our solar energy profile. A balance generation profile of efficient natural gas, wind, solar and battery storage will serve as the backbone for delivering safe, reliable, affordable and resilient energy to our customers. We recently announced that our first 675 megawatts of new solar in Wisconsin is advancing to the construction phase, after receiving approval from the Public Service Commission. Robert will share more details on these projects, as well as our efforts to expand our solar energy footprint in Iowa a bit later in the call. You’ve heard us talk about our Clean Energy Blueprint designed to guide us toward a clean energy future. Our blueprint is comprehensive, going beyond generation to also ensure a clean, efficient and resilient energy grid. We are adding smart technologies to our grid, transitioning our electric lines from overhead to underground and expanding the use of energy storage. Our blueprint is designed to ensure resiliency and reliability of our grid, reduce customer costs and allow for more distributed renewable generation on our grid. For example, we recently were joined by Iowa’s Lieutenant Governor Adam Gregg, along with several local and state leaders and our partners at the ribbon cutting event for our latest battery storage project in Decorah, Iowa. We’re very excited to continue expanding battery storage solutions. Not only do these projects have a future on our system as dispatchable load, but they can also serve to enable distributed energy resources and support the resiliency of our distribution system. Speaking of resiliency, as we approach the one year anniversary of the derecho that devastated our Iowa service territory, I reminded of the resiliency of our customers, employees, as we recovered from the largest storm in our company’s history. It’s one of the reasons I’m also excited about our commitment to plant 1 million trees, representing the customers we’re so privileged to serve. As these trees grow, they’ll capture CO2 out of the atmosphere and help rebuild the tree canopy lost in the storm across so many Iowa communities. I mentioned earlier focus on ESG. One of our newest social efforts is investing in the energy impact partners Elevate Future Fund, which aims to create a more diverse founder community within the broader energy transition. The fund will be focused on investing in companies founded or run by diverse leaders that are driving innovation and advancing the low carbon economy, including supply decarbonisation, electrification and technology enabled infrastructure. The Elevate team will form partnerships with technology accelerators and universities, including historically black colleges to nurture talent, promote infrastructure and support systems to retain talent from underrepresented groups. We’re excited about the promising opportunities this partnership creates for inclusiveness locally and nationally, and we appreciate the opportunities to support innovative ways to build a more diverse and inclusive workforce that advances our collective efforts for creating a carbon free future. Before I turn the call over to Robert, I want to share that the accomplishments that I’ve highlighted today are the direct result of the efforts of our talented employees who work each and every day, to deliver on our purpose, to serve customers and build stronger communities. Their efforts over the past year are nothing short of amazing and I want to take the opportunity today to thank them for all that they do. Thank you for your continued interest in Alliant Energy. I’ll turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday we announced second quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $0.57 per share, compared to $0.54 per share in 2020. Our utility earnings increased year-over-year, driven by higher margins from increasing rate base and warmer temperatures. These increases in earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation expense and lower allowance for funds used during construction for rate base additions in 2020. With a very solid first half of the year now in the book, we are reaffirming our 2021 earnings guidance range of $2.50 per share to $2.64 per share, and as a result of favorable margins from temperature impacts here today, as well as our continued success in managing costs, we are currently trending towards the upper half of our guidance range. Contributing to the higher margins was a higher rate base at our Iowa utility related to the successful completion of our 1000-megawatt wind expansion program in 2020, which has resulted in lower fuel costs and increased tax credits for Iowa customers. Additionally, our Iowa utility began recovering earlier this year, a return of and a return on $110 million payment made to NextEra to terminate the purchase power agreement with the Duane Arnold nuclear facility five years early. Customers in Iowa begin benefiting from lower energy costs related to this transaction last fall. In Wisconsin, higher margins are attributable to the rate stabilization plan that was approved last year. Based with the unexpected challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we work collaboratively with our stakeholders to keep rates flat for customers in 2021. This approach is benefiting both our customers, as well as our shareholders, as we began recovery of previously approved projects such as our Kossuth Wind Farm and the Western Wisconsin Pipeline, which we offset with excess deferred income tax benefits and fuel saving. The second quarter continued the trend of improving economic conditions as our service territories returned to pre pandemic levels of economic activity. Our temperature normalized retail electric sales in the second quarter were up 4% versus in the second quarter last year. This increase was largely from strength in commercial and industrial sale. These changes in sales are a positive sign of economic recovery and resulted in a positive impact to margin. As economic conditions have improved, we’ve also seen an uptick in economic development in our service territory. Two noteworthy successes so far this year are the announcements of new facilities for Simmons Pet Food in our Iowa jurisdiction and SprayCheck [ph] our Wisconsin jurisdiction. These two new customers are bringing new jobs into communities in our service territories, in addition to new load for Alliant Energy. Many of you joined us a few weeks ago at our ESG Investor Event. I hope you took away from our comments how passionate we are about our leadership position in the transition to cleaner energy and other important aspects of our ESG performance. One key area of ESG story is our commitment to focus on customer affordability. That begins with the efforts and innovations of our outstanding employees. Two such innovations include our plans, tax equity partnerships for solar generation and the levelized cost recovery mechanism for retiring Edgewater coal plant in Wisconsin. Both of these were brought to us through the research and hard work of our employees, who are consistently looking for new and unique ways to keep customer costs low. Let me spend a moment on our corporate tax rate, which are provided on slide four of our supplemental slide. We estimate our full year 2021 effective tax rate will be negative 17%, which is primarily the result of production tax credits we earned from our expansion of wind generation and the excess deferred tax benefits from the 2017 federal tax reform, which we continue to return to our customers. Both of these items support affordable rates for our customers. And please note that these items are largely earnings neutral, as they lower both revenues and income tax expense. Our financing plans for 2021 remain unchanged. We plan to issue up to $300 million of long-term debt for our Wisconsin utility later this year and we’re also on track to issue approximately $25 million of common equity through our shared DRIP plan in 2021. Moving to our key regulatory initiatives. We are pleased that our strong collaboration with stakeholders resulted in a settlement agreement in the second quarter for 2022 and 2023 revenue requirements in our Wisconsin rate review. The agreement includes maintaining 10% return on equity, achieving an effective regulatory equity layer of 54% and utilizing an innovative recovery mechanism for WPL’s retiring Edgewater coal plant. The settlement is now subject to review and approval by the PSCW and we anticipate a decision on this filing later this year. More details on the terms of the settlement agreement can be found on slide six. As John mentioned earlier, we received written approval from the PSCW in June for 675 megawatts of new solar generation at Wisconsin. This is a significant milestone in our clean energy transition and another example of our long track record of achieving constructive regulatory outcome. We also filed our second Certificate of Authority application on additional 414 megawatts of Wisconsin solar in March. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW on this filing in the first half of next year. Later this quarter, we plan to file a request for advanced ratemaking principles for up to 400 megawatts of new solar project in Iowa. The advanced remaking principles process in Iowa includes approval of the return on equity for the life of the asset, depreciation rates and cost caps for the project. We anticipate a decision from the Iowa Utility Board on this filing by the middle of next year. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Alliant Energy. We look forward to connecting with many of you over the coming month. Now, I will ask the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. [Operator Instructions] We can now take the first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning. It’s a Gaylen [ph] on for Julien. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about your comments about the upper half of the 2021 guidance range. Just want to maybe talk through some of the puts and takes as far as how you’re looking at Q3 and 4, relative to how you’re tracking for the first half of the year compared to 2020, if you can maybe just talk about some of the moving parts there? And additionally, is there any July weather effect built into that assumption as well? Thank you.
John Larsen: Yeah. You bet. Thanks for the question. Maybe I’ll start with the July part, not really any notable impact on the July front. So, we did track whether in some favorable O&M or costs, if you will, in the first half. So it has us currently tracking towards the upper half. We’re expecting a fairly normal second half of the year. There’s always a number of things that can come into play. But with those things in consideration, that’s why we’ve noted the upper half that we’re currently tracking. So I’ll see, Robert, anything else you’d like to add?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Just maybe to quantify the impacts, so through the first half of the year, the weather impacts on our sales or temperature impacts on our sales are about $0.05 to $0.06 positive and so that’s what’s really pushing us to that upper half of the range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you. That’s very helpful. If I can also ask one more about, I know in the past you’ve spoken about some potential future undergrounding efforts for some of your distribution lines. I was curious when we might hear more about that, as far as specific investment amount, as far as rolled forward CapEx plan or anything along those lines, if you can speak to that at all?
John Larsen: Yeah. Certainly, we would expect to roll forward CapEx as we get to EEI. So you’ll see more at that time along with some other items that we typically share dividend and others financing toward that time of the year. We’ve been working the overhead to underground now and getting more and more efficient at that. So we’ve got certainly a lot more opportunity. We’ll share more of the specifics a bit later in the year, as I noted. But we’re -- we really are moving towards that path quite aggressively and we’ll share more about how that plays into future CapEx when we get towards the EEI later in the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. I’ll leave it there.
John Larsen: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can now take the next question from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Hey. Good morning. First question, just wanted to ask on, just -- could you guys remind us where you stand on credit metrics and how much capacity there -- is there as potentially take up CapEx over time?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Michael, this is Robert. So you should think of us as right now when you think about 2021 we’re probably lower in a range of credit metrics, largely because we’re refunding a lot of tax reform benefits back to our customers in this timeframe. That’s scheduled to sunset towards the end of this year into 2022 and so we’re expecting over time those credit metrics to improve when we go through 2023, 2024 timeframe. So we’re well positioned to maintain our current credit ratings, and if anything, I see some optimism as far as increasing credit metrics over time largely because of the cash flow improvements that we see in the future.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. But any just like number specifics in terms of terms of like recorded debt?
Robert Durian: Yeah. Think of us right now in the mid-teens for the most part, like I said, a lot of that will be improving over time as we get into 2023 and 2024, even until the latter part of 2022. So like I said, we feel well-positioned for where we’re at with our credit metrics and credit ratings currently, and improving environment going forward. But think of us in the mid-teens now with things getting better over time.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then also just any color on what you guys are seeing in terms of inflationary pressures, particularly with some of the solar development that you’re doing?
John Larsen: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. John here. Certainly we have seen some costs increase, a lot of those commodities are levelizing a better, some of them are, but we’ve seen that at least to our estimates, so we do see some additional costs for the solar going forward. The projects we have that we’ve filed for with our first CA in Wisconsin and we expect others are very low cost. So they’re very, very competitive costs even with these increases, and of course, they provide significant benefits for our customers over time. So well-positioned, a lot of flexibility in our plan, but we have seen some increases on commodities, as I’m sure most of our peers have as well.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks. And just last one real quick, I could have missed it in the prepared remarks, but are you guys reaffirming the 5% to 7% long-term?
Robert Durian: There wasn’t specifically in our regards, but we are, so we’ve identified the 5% to 7% over the long-term, I think through this point, maybe through 2023 and we’ll refresh that when we get through the November EEI conference, that’s our normal protocols. We easily add another year into the process when we provide additional CapEx for another year and rate base for another year to support that.
Michael Sullivan: Awesome. Thanks so much.
John Larsen: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. Mr. Fields, I’d like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remark.
Zach Fields: This concludes Alliant Energy’s second quarter earnings call. A replay will be available through August 13, 2021 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company’s website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow up questions.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for First Quarter 2021 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chair, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2021 financial results. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Sue. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our solid first quarter results were as expected, continuing our long track record of delivering value for our customers, communities and investors. We do this by innovating new approaches and delivering important energy solutions for our customers and the communities we proudly serve. Our purpose-driven strategy is thoughtful, flexible and well executed. The results speak for themselves. Later in the call Robert will share more details on our results. But let me jump to the headline. We are reaffirming our consolidated 2021 earnings guidance of $2.50 to $2.64. We remain committed to delivering on our 5% to 7% growth target and our 60% to 70% dividend payout ratio. At Alliant Energy, we take pride in our long track record of delivering consistent growth for our investors. And what makes this even more meaningful is in how we have delivered that growth, by living our values, to care for others and act for tomorrow. We continuously raise the bar when it comes to our environmental, social and governance commitments. We're proud to be recognized for our efforts. We're an AA rated company by MSCI, ranked in the top quartile for global utilities by Sustainalytics, and achieved Envision Platinum certification on major generation projects. With our customers in mind, we continue to accelerate our purpose-driven clean energy transition. We call it the clean energy blueprint and recently highlighted our progress towards our sustainability goals during Earth Week. We ended the year 2020 with 42% less carbon emissions than our 2005 levels, nearly 70% reduction in water compared to our 2005 levels, and nearly 70% of our coal generation is either retired or planned for retirement by 2024. We'll be sharing more of our progress and highlighting new initiatives with the release of our updated corporate responsibility report this summer. Equally important to our environmental efforts, are the commitments to our employees, customers and the communities we serve. We know that when we embrace the diversity of our employees and continue to build upon the strong culture, we create a sense of belonging and inclusion, that leads to great things for our customers. I'm very proud of the recognition of our efforts in this space by organization such as the human rights campaign and to be included in Bloomberg's Gender-Equality Index. In 2020, we were named one of America's most responsible companies by Newsweek, ranking 12 on the list for our social responsibility efforts. Turning to our recent updates, this week we announced an intent to enter into a settlement agreement for our rate filing in Wisconsin. We continued our open and transparent practices into our rate review process and are very pleased to have reached the settlement in principle with several stakeholder organizations, including the Citizens Utility Board, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and the Sierra Club. The key terms with stakeholders continues to manage customer costs and enables our thoughtful transition to a clean energy future, adding certainty and flexibility for our business. Just prior to this development, we reached another successful milestone, announcing our plans to add 414 megawatts of solar in Wisconsin, rounding our previously announced plan to accelerate our clean energy transition by adding nearly 1,100 megawatts of solar in the Badger state. Upon completion of this planned expansion, Alliant Energy will own and operate the most solar energy in the state of Wisconsin. These investments are another part of our clean energy blueprint, developed through an extensive and transparent planning process and utilizing our industry best project execution. In our communities, we are partnering with businesses and community leaders to develop hometown solar projects. These local projects benefit communities through lease payments, supplying clean energy to the local energy grid, empowering homes and businesses. Some of our newest projects include a 1-megawatt community solar project located in Perry, Iowa; a customer-hosted project in Dodgeville, Wisconsin, located on the rooftop of IO County's new law enforcement center; and solar generation near our West Riverside Energy Center near Beloit, Wisconsin. Before I close, I'd like to recognize our amazing employees. They came together to serve customers during Winter Storm Uri. As a result of their efforts, coupled with smart investments we've made to ensure reliability, resiliency and the proactive planning by our energy markets team, we not only weathered the storm, our teams continued providing safe, reliable and affordable energy during this extreme weather event. And our customers will not see the significant increases experienced by others around the country. In summary, 2021 is off to a solid start for our company, and we look forward to building on that momentum throughout the year as we focus on continuing our role as a leader in advancing renewable energy, completing customer-focused investments on time and on budget, delivering solid returns for our investors and living our values as we fulfill our purpose of serving customers and building stronger communities. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2021 GAAP earnings of $0.68 per share compared to $0.70 per share in 2020. Similar to last year, the first quarter's earnings are more than 25% of our 2021 earnings target and represent a strong start to the year. Our earnings were slightly lower on a year-over-year basis, largely due to the timing of tax expense impacts, which will reverse later this year. For the full year, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $2.50 per share to $2.64 per share, an increase at the midpoint of more than 6% over 2020 temperature-normalized earnings per share of $2.42. To assist you in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, I wanted to provide some additional context to one of the larger variances shown in our earnings release. As some may recall, in the first quarter of 2020, we recognized $0.06 of favorability due to the timing of income taxes, which arose from the large amount of wind generation placed in service in 2020. We had additional tax favorability in the third quarter of 2020 before a full reversal in the fourth quarter of last year. You can expect to see the inverse of that in 2021, with unfavorable variances related to the timing of income tax expense for the sum of the first 3 quarters, followed by a favorable reversal in the fourth quarter of this year. We continue to see improving economic conditions in our service territories, with more businesses returning to normal operations following the lifting of many of the COVID-19 mitigation restrictions and increasing levels of economic development activities in both states. Of note, our temperature-normalized retail electric sales in the first quarter of 2021 were better than expected and represented an approximate 1% increase over the first quarter of 2020, which was largely pre-pandemic for our service territories. We are also very encouraged by the fact that the number of our customers in arrears or on payment plans today is lower than it was before the pandemic began. This is a testament to the great work of our employees, connecting customers having difficulty making payments with available federal and state resources. I'm also very proud of donations by our company and our customers to the Hometown Care Energy Fund, which provides confidential financial support for Alliant Energy customers faced with financial challenges. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, it was necessary for us to accelerate our cost transformation efforts to reduce -- to offset reduced sales, while holding rates flat for our customers last year. Thanks to our employees' continued focus on cost reductions, we achieved another quarter of solid operating expense reductions in the first quarter of 2021. Over the longer term, we are targeting to reduce O&M by approximately 3% to 5% per year for the next several years off of 2019 levels. We will achieve these savings through efforts that fall under 3 pillars, all of which are enabled by our customer-focused capital investments. The first and most immediately impactful are investments in generation transformation. This includes our expansion of wind and solar energy, and the sunsetting of coal generation in our portfolio. The second pillar involves investments in electric distribution, particularly in the areas of undergrounding and converting larger portions of our system to 25 kv, which will enable lower maintenance expense. The third and final pillar include investments in technology across our company, which will enhance productivity and efficiency through automation, customer self-service and telework. Slide 4 of our supplemental slides has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 19% for 2021. The primary drivers of the lower tax rate are the additional tax credits from new wind projects placed into service and the return of excess deferred taxes from federal tax reform to our customers. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the decrease in the effective tax rate is largely earnings neutral. Turning to our financing plans. We continue to maintain strong balance sheets at our 2 utilities and the parent company with minimal financing needs in 2021. As a reminder, our financing plans for 2021 include up to $300 million of long-term debt to be issued by our Wisconsin utility and no material debt maturities this year. In addition, the only new common equity forecast to be issued this year is approximately $25 million through the shareholder direct plan. We've included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 5. Starting in our Wisconsin jurisdiction, as John mentioned earlier this week, we filed a notice of intent to settle with key intervening parties in Wisconsin and WPL's next electric and gas rate review filing. The agreement in principle resulted from collaboration and alignment with the settling parties on total revenue requirements for 2022 and 2023. The agreement would enable key financial terms impacting such revenue requirements, including maintaining a 10% return on equity, achieving an effective regulatory equity layer of 54% and utilizing an innovative recovery mechanism for WPL's retiring Edgewater coal plant. WPL is working with the stakeholders to finalize the terms of the settlement, which will be subject to review and approval by the PSCW. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW on this filing later this year. More details on the terms of the agreement in principle can be found on Slide 6. Additionally in Wisconsin, we received verbal approval from the PSCW in April for our certificate of authority filing for 675 megawatts of new solar generation. This verbal approval is another example of our continued track record of constructive State Regulatory decisions, approving renewable projects that support our transition to cleaner sources of energy for our customers. In the discussion of this decision, all 3 commissioners were complementary of the resource planning process and stakeholder engagement that we conducted as part of our Wisconsin Clean Energy Blueprint. The commission commended our modeling efforts in this process and the consideration paid to affordability and stability of rates, reliability of service and our path to sustainability for our customers. We'd expect a written decision in the coming weeks. We also filed our second certificate authority application for an additional 414 megawatts of Wisconsin Solar in March. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW on this filing in the first half of next year. Moving to Iowa. We expect to file for advanced remaking principles in the third quarter for a proposed approximately 400 megawatts of solar, included in our Iowa Clean Energy Blueprint. The advance remaking principles process in Iowa includes approval of the return on equity for the life of the asset, depreciation rates and a cost cap for the project. We anticipate a decision from the Iowa Utilities Board on this filing by the middle of next year. We appreciate your continued interest in our company and look forward to connecting with many of you virtually over the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps just first, high-level question. As you think about the transmission opportunities reported here, how would you characterize the ATC opportunity looking at the MISO futures that were recently released, et cetera, in your words?
John Larsen: Yes. Great, Julien, great to hear from you. There's certainly a great deal of need for transmission to connect renewables. We know that, and a lot of those are going to be in the ATC area. So we see that as very solid. I don't think it's anything too notably different than how we've had it modeled. Transmission is going to be very important for renewables. So I guess, I categorize it as solid and pretty consistent with how we've seen it -- how we've modeled it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then as you think about the backdrop of this Wisconsin settlement, I appreciate the comments in your prepared remarks. But how do you think about the rate base associated with that settlement? And where does that position you, if you can yet, against your larger 5% to 7% range, if you can comment?
Robert Durian: Yes, Julien, this is Robert. I think that puts us right squarely where we want to be with that growth of 5% to 7%. We see good rate base growth based on the modeling that we've shared with all the analysts to date, and this is consistent with that. So just the whole process with the rate review agreement in principle, we think, is a very, very supportive of all the collaborative processes that we do with our key stakeholders. And so it's also really a good balance between the customers and the stakeholders' interest, the shares interest. And we see it as really a good avenue to provide that rate stability that we're looking for, for both our customers and our shareowners. So all in all, I think it's very, very constructive and very consistent with what we've been telling folks as far as our plan for the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And I presume you're confident in getting the approval of the higher 54% equity layer as part of that settlement?
Robert Durian: That is correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Sorry, if -- I know you guys are quick here. If I can just squeeze one more in here. On ATC, any initial thoughts or responses here? I mean folks are fixated on this RTO adder a little bit of late. Any context on how you think about on appeals process? Or otherwise, if should that materialize this summer? Maybe look pretty [indiscernible].
John Larsen: I think one thing we've learned is the process to get to the finish line on ROEs, whichever direction they're going is one that you have to be quite patient. I'm confident we'll get to a -- there'll be a reasonable outcome there. The need for transmission isn't going to change. I do think there's going to be a bit of a process to make sure it settles out to the right final number, if you will, Julien, but rather than handicap the final result, I think like we've seen in the past, you've got to be a little patient on these proceedings.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: To start, maybe just if you could continue on the FERC ROE. If the 50 basis point incentive add were to be eliminated for you guys, what would be the EPS impact?
John Larsen: Yes. Great, Andrew. Great to hear from you. And maybe I'll let Robert get that dialed in. Robert, you want to share those numbers for us?
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, it's a pretty modest impact for us. I would characterize it as less than $0.01 per year. So that's the direct result of the ATC earnings impact on our business. We would also see, most likely, as this played out a lower transmission expense coming to both of our utilities. And so think of that as probably in the maybe $10 million to $15 million a year. So that supports our customer affordability objectives, provides us some additional headroom for further investments and really would more than offset the impact on the earnings side on the ATC earnings.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Certainly manageable there. Next, just a few questions on the WPL proposed settlement, please. So first, you mentioned the effective equity ratio of 54%, but I thought the press release showed 52.5%. Are there some accounting quirks there?
Robert Durian: Yes. Really, the difference between those 2, the regulatory equity cap -- equity ratio in the capital structure, think of that as what's used to calculate the revenue requirement. When you impute certain debt or off-balance sheet items, that's what lowers it down to the 52.5%. So we've got some PPAs and leases that is part of the regulatory process, that get imputed into the financial capital structure consistent with what occurs with the rating agencies. So -- but think of 54% is how you should calculate the revenue requirement.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Next, in terms of the 2022 increase, what would that mean for customer bills, like as a percentage change for customers either in rates or monthly bills?
John Larsen: Yes. On average, if you think, high level, about 6%.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Then does the settlement include usage of some of the regulatory liabilities that you have available? I think last time, we talked about a range of about $60 million to $80 million. What is this settlement due to that?
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, it does utilize those. The biggest of which is a regulatory liability that we were able to record as a result of some liquidated damages regarding our West Riverside facility. So it would utilize those regulatory liabilities as well as others that are in that $60 million to $80 million that you referenced.
Andrew Weisel: Would it utilize all of that, I guess, is what I'm asking? Or would there be still some remaining?
Robert Durian: It would use the vast majority of it.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, terrific. And then one last one on the settlement here. Can you explain a little more of the mechanics around the Edge 5 levelization mechanism? And how to bridge the 9.8% versus 9.2% effective return?
Robert Durian: Yes. Probably the best way I've heard it described, Andrew, is think of it like a mortgage. So it's got a consistent recovery level over the kind of the remaining asset recovery period of roughly 23 years, I think it is once it hits retirement. But just like a mortgage, we would recover a lower principal balance and a higher interest rate earlier in those years. And then the flip or reverse of that with a higher principal recovery and a lower interest later in the years. So as part of that process, what it ends up doing is we recover less in the earlier years, and that effectively then converts to 9.8% that we agreed upon to calculate the revenue requirement down to a 9.2% effective ROE. So I still think that's a very effective tool for us. What it does help us to do is lower customer costs in the earlier years, but gives us that rate stability over the remaining life of that asset. And so we felt like that was a good balance between shareowner interest and customer interest, and we're very pleased with the outcome there.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. That's a really helpful analogy. Congrats on filing the settlement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Just following on the Wisconsin rate settlement. I had 2 questions there. I guess, just first, how much of the 1.1 gigawatts of solar that you're adding is covered in the rate ask? And then my second one was kind of back to Edgewater. Do you guys think that the way the recovery was treated here could be a pretty good blueprint for how Colombia ultimately is treated out in 2024?
John Larsen: Yes. Michael, thanks. Maybe I'll start off and let Robert add. But certainly, we see it going in, having a pretty transparent process about what we were doing from adding renewables and retiring to be a very good process to repeat. I'm certainly not going to get ahead of ourselves on how Colombia will be treated, but I think the collaborative approach and making sure we're very transparent. I do think it's struck a very solid balance between customers and investors. So we're very pleased with that. I think it's creative and brings us a lot of certainty. So we can continue to run the business. On the renewable front, I think the question was if that was all of the 1,100 megawatts, that would be correct.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then my other question was just more on the Biden tax plan. If maybe you could give some thoughts there, particularly as it relates to maybe the minimum book tax. I know you guys have a number of PTC carryforwards. And how you're thinking about how that could get treated. Yes, just some thoughts on the Biden tax plan.
John Larsen: Yes. We're certainly keeping a very close eye on that, Michael. No question about that. It's a bit early in the process, but there's a number of tax matters there that will be -- have some impact on our business and customers. So we're keeping a very close tabs on that. Maybe I'll let Robert talk about a couple of those on the minimum and PTCs. But certainly, what we look forward to on PTC, ITC is, any level of certainty there, that certainly helps the industry and our business, if the outcome has a bit of certainty to it. So Robert, anything to add on the minimum tax?
Robert Durian: Yes. For the Biden plan, too, the provisions we're watching closely right now is obviously the corporate tax rate going from 21% to something potentially higher, that we've modeled that out at, I think, with the top end of a reasonable range is at 28%. And we think that would equate to roughly about a 2% increase in our customer bills.  Some modest impacts on our EPS and then actually some positive cash flows, given our NOL position and tax credit carryforwards. But we think we can manage through that and some of the latest thinking I've read about things that, that might be in maybe 24%, 25%. So that would even probably be less impact to our customers, which would be good from our perspective. The minimum tax, we actually have seen more recently where they may set a threshold related to that and not really apply that to any companies that have less than, I think, $2 billion of annual income, and that would exclude us or exempt us for that. So we would be comfortable with that and obviously, supportive of that. So we wouldn't be put into that position. As John indicated, we're actually more interested in the widened plan right now because we see some opportunities for us to utilize some of those benefits to support a lot of the future capital growth that we may be pursuing, things like Direct Pay and potentially refundability of tax credits, we think would give us a good set of cash flows that we can reinvest in future renewables going forward. The stand-alone credit for storage. We think that would really improve the economics of those opportunities for us in the future and could build out some further capital opportunities for us. And then we're also watching the potential to be able to use PTCs instead of ITCs for solar projects that could make, what we think are, very favorable economic turns for our current solar even better. So pretty excited about some of those opportunities on the widened plan and what they might do to our capital investment opportunities going forward here.
Michael Sullivan: Awesome. That's great. And then my last question, just on this corporate sustainability report you guys are doing, I know that's kind of an annual thing, but anything like incremental we should expect with that? Or is that more just a summary of what's been done on the ESG front?
John Larsen: Yes. We get -- we get very excited to tell our story each year and updates. I wouldn't think of anything too notably different, but you will see a bit more focus on water resources, which has been a focus for us for a number of years, but I think we'll be putting some more stories and metrics there about water stress and how our company is focused on water resources.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Andrew Levi with Hite Hedge.
Andrew Levi: Just a couple of questions. So just on the higher equity ratio in Wisconsin, have you guys quantified the earnings power on that? How that helps your earnings power? And then I guess, you have a slightly lower ROE, right? Or was it maintained at 10% in the settlement?
Robert Durian: Yes. Just to be clear, Andy. So the ROE is at 10% for a vast majority of the business. The only impact with the 9.8% would be on the remaining net book value of the Edgewater 5 facility. So -- and as far as the higher equity layer, think of it as each probably 100 basis points in the equity layer probably gives us $0.01 or $0.02 of additional earnings.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Got it. And then -- it's very helpful. And then on -- because you guys had mentioned about -- you have been asked about the FERC ROE, and so I understand that the impact of -- for you guys is minimal. But maybe kind of asking your CEO just kind of like a bigger picture question. So as you think about ROEs in general and obviously, FERC has afforded a, whether it's adders or whatever it may be, incentives, the ROEs seem fairly high relative to the cost of capital. Just kind of on a big picture basis, whether it's 50 basis points or 100 basis point change in ROE from the level that is the base ROE, that would never change or not change, I should say, your the amount of investment that you would make, right? Am I correct about that?
John Larsen: Yes. We don't see that really changing our plan. Andy, we've been on a pretty long runway here of transitioning from older coal resources to renewables for quite some time now, and we would feel those to still be very reasonable, and not materially change our investment strategy.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then my last question is just around rates, in general. So I guess, is this the first rate increase because you talked about a 6% rate increase in Wisconsin in quite a while, is that correct?
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks, Andy, and maybe to clarify that 6% covers the next 2 years. And if you look from -- I believe, it's around 2010 until now, it's been over a decade. I think in Wisconsin we would average, it's less than 1%. It's maybe a 0.5% or so over those 11 or 12 years with this increase. So we've done a very nice job of keeping base rates flat and finding a way to continue to make substantial investments in the business.
Andrew Levi: And your average rate in Wisconsin, if I'm not mistaken, is around $0.10, is that correct?
John Larsen: Correct.
Andrew Levi : Okay. Because here on the East Coast, it's about $0.18. So -- so you have done a good job. So I just want to point that out.
Operator: And it looks like we have no further questions at this time. So I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any additional remarks.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy’s first quarter earnings call. A replay will be available through May 14, 2021, at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And that does conclude today's call. We thank everyone again for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to Alliant Energy's conference call for fourth quarter and year-end 2020 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good afternoon. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will take time to for questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end 2020 financial results and affirmed our 2021 earnings guidance. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which are available on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you Susan. Hello everyone and thank you for joining us. 2020 was a year we will all number. It was also another successful year of growth and solid operations for Alliant Energy. We continue to consistently deliver on our purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities. I am proud of what our team accomplished and how we delivered on our purpose in a year with many challenges from the ongoing global pandemic to racial injustice and a destructive derecho windstorm. In the face of these challenges, we finished near the top of our original earnings guidance range with a 2020 consolidated earnings per share of $2.47. Our non-GAAP temperature normalized earnings grew more than 7% over 2019. This was the 10th year in a row of achieving our 5% to 7% growth objective. This consistent growth, solid execution and operational results showcases the resiliency and flexibility of our company. I will highlight a few of our many strategic and operational achievements from the year. Then I will turn it over to Robert, who will provide more details on our solid financial and regulatory outcomes. I would like to start by mentioning a few of our recognitions from 2020. I mentioned earlier the August derecho windstorm. I am proud that our efforts to restore electricity to our customers was recognized by receiving the Edison Electric Institute Emergency Response Award. Alliant Energy was also included in Bloomberg's Gender-Equality Index, highlighting just 380 companies from around the world who are committed to supporting gender equality in the workplace. And we were recently named to Newsweek's Most Responsible Companies list where we ranked 12th overall for our social responsibility efforts. And to top it off, for the fourth year in a row, Alliant Energy has earned a perfect score in the Corporate Equality Index issued by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. As I reflect on these achievements, they each showcase how we live our values as we care for others, do the right thing and act for tomorrow. I am proud of our Alliant Energy team and thankful for all they do. From an ESG perspective, we made incredible progress on our goals and objectives. We ended 2020 with 42% less carbon emissions than our 2005 levels, well on our way to our goal of a 50% reduction by 2030. This result was largely driven by the completion of our major wind expansion, making us the third largest owner-operator of regulated wind in the U.S. It was also achieved by building our highly efficient West Riverside Generating Station.  To further support our efforts to advance a clean energy future, we joined the Low-Carbon Resource Initiative through the Electric Power Research Institute. This initiative is designed to identify, test and develop technologies to enable a low-carbon future. The results of this important work will help guide our company and our industry as we look toward our aspirational goal of net zero carbon dioxide emissions from electricity we generate by 2050. 2020 was another great year in advancing our clean energy blueprints which serve as our guide to create a cleaner energy future for our customers and communities. Last fall, we advanced our Iowa Clean Energy Blueprint with our announcement to add approximately 400 megawatts of new solar energy by 2023.  This follows our very successful 1 gigawatt wind energy expansion in Iowa, all delivered on time and on budget. When the 400 megawatts of planned new solar is combined with our 1,300 megawatts of owned wind, our existing solar farms and purchased renewable resources, we are on a path to have more than 50% of Alliant Energy's Iowa generation to come from renewables by 2030. We also continue to advance battery storage in the state with plans to add 100 megawatts of distributed energy resources in the next several years. The additional distributed energy resources follows the successful completion of battery storage systems near Marshalltown and Wellman, Iowa and a storage facility in Decorah, Iowa that includes a partnership with the United States Department of Energy and the Iowa Economic Development Authority. Turning to Wisconsin. Our clean energy blueprint helps advance the Badger State to a clean energy future. Our plans to add least 1,000 megawatts of new solar power is on schedule. Last spring, we announced our first phase of this effort, identifying six future solar sites, totaling 675 megawatts. That's enough to power 175,000 homes.  Later this spring, we plan to announce the second phase of our solar expansion which will include three projects we purchased in the last five months, as well as our self developed sites. As we carefully plan the closure of our remaining coal-powered units in Wisconsin, our plans will include ways to support our employees and our communities. Our clean energy blueprints are comprehensive and transparent and designed to follow our proven track record of a thoughtful energy transition. And our solar story in Wisconsin doesn't stop there. We recently announced a community solar project in Fond du Lac County where a portion of the energy generated from the 1 megawatt site will be donated to Habitat for Humanity to reduce electric bills of residents. We are also partnering with Dane County on a 17 megawatts solar development which will help bring the Country to 100% renewable offset to the electricity consumed at their own facilities. And we are partnering with the City of Sheboygan to install a one megawatts solar facility in the Sheboygan Business Center. As we advance our clean energy blueprints, we will continue to seek solutions that serve our customers' growing demand for sustainable solutions to help build stronger communities. We also remain focused on our continued investment in our connected energy network across Iowa and Wisconsin by advancing the deployment of an advanced distribution management system, a fiber-optic network and expanding the use of smart energy systems and automated metering. In addition, our customer-focused investments in the energy grid will result in more of our electric lines placed underground. A major part of our effort is to improve grid resiliency, energy efficiency and reliability. Speaking of reliability, I am proud of the efforts by our team during the extended polar vortex that gripped much of the country these past two weeks. Our customer-focused investments are designed to ensure that we will continue to provide our customers with safe, reliable and affordable energy for decades to come. We remain committed to advancing our clean energy vision through this balanced approach. In summary, 2020 was an excellent year for our company and we look forward to building on that momentum in 2021 as we focus on continuing our role as a leader in advancing renewable energy, completing customer-focused investments on time and on budget, delivering solid returns for our investors and living our values. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good afternoon everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2020 GAAP earnings of $2.47 per share compared to $2.33 per share in 2019. Excluding non-GAAP adjustments and temperature impacts, earnings per share were up more than 7% year-over-year, driven by higher revenue requirements due to increasing rate base, partially offset by the higher depreciation and financing expenses from these rate base additions. As John noted earlier, our dedicated employees rose to the challenge in 2020 by reducing O&M expenses to offset the impact of lower sales caused the pandemic and derecho storm. These efforts allowed us to finish the year in the upper half of earnings guidance range. We provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers on slides four and five. Our temperature-normalized retail electric sales declined 2% in 2020 when compared to 2019, primarily driven by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the August derecho storm in our Iowa service territory. While the pandemic-related sales impacts were heaviest in the second quarter, sales recovered quickly and were roughly flat to 2019 levels in the second half of the year. The sales recovery we experienced was a direct result of the strength and resiliency of the economies in the states we serve. Wisconsin's unemployment rate is a full percent less than the U.S. unemployment rate and the state is experiencing population growth as neighboring states' residents are moving to Wisconsin. And in Iowa, the economy has been recovering even faster. With and unemployment rate that is second-lowest in the country as well as strengthening grain prices due to increasing demand from foreign countries. Tuning to our future year's earnings. We see a solid path to delivering our earnings guidance for 2021. And as we look further into the future, we believe our strong capital investment plan will allow us to continue deliver solid returns for our shareowners, including the expected 5% to 7% annual EPS growth rate through at least 2024. The key drivers of the 6% growth in our 2021 EPS guidance over 2020 are related to investments in our core utility business including our recently completed wind projects for Iowa and Wisconsin customers. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2021 and IPL's renewable energy rider approved with its test year 2020 rate review. Currently, renewables make up approximately 20% our total rate base, which is one of the highest percentages of renewable rate base among all U.S. utilities. We expect renewables will make up an even larger portion of our rate base as we invest in solar projects for our Iowa and Wisconsin customers over the next three years. A walk from our 2020 non-GAAP temperature-normalized earnings to the midpoint of our 2021 earnings guidance range is provided on slide six. The 2021 earnings guidance assumes a 1% growth in retail electric sales over 2020 levels. This forecast assumes continued economic improvement and recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, our employees have been working to add new customers and load to our system. One recent example of success is our new wholesale customer in Wisconsin, Consolidated Water Power Company. This new customer came online at the beginning of this year and brings up to 60 megawatts of new load to our system. Alliant Energy's strategy focuses on providing affordable energy to our customers while continuing our decade-long track record of growing earnings 5% to 7%. As a reminder, we reached settlement in our Wisconsin jurisdiction to hold rates flat in 2021 by using excess deferred taxes and fuel savings to offset a higher revenue requirement due to growth in rate base. This settlement enables us to earn a return on our investments we have made on behalf of our Wisconsin customers without increasing their base rates in 2021. In our Iowa jurisdiction, we expect to manage our business to allow us to stay out of rate cases for the next couple of years. This has been made possible through a collaboration with our regulators and stakeholders in Iowa on key items such as deferring costs associated with the August derecho storm and the addition of the renewable energy rider. The renewable energy rider will allow IPL to recover costs of the incremental rate base from our recently completed one gigawatt of wind while also passing on significant incremental production tax credits and fuel cost savings to our customers. Additionally, our Iowa customers began seeing savings in the fall of 2020 as a result of our decision to terminate the purchase power agreement relating to the Duane Arnold Energy Center five years early. IPL is forecasting to get recovery of and a return on the buyout payments associated with this termination through a rider over the next five years while customers benefit from tens of millions of dollars in energy savings each year. Slide seven has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 20% for 2021. The primary drivers of the lower tax rates are the additional production tax credits from the new wind projects that were placed in service throughout 2020 and the return of excess deferred taxes from Federal Tax Reform to our customers. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will fall back to customers resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the decreases in the effective tax rate is largely earnings neutral. Turning to our financing plans. In November 2020, we accelerated $200 million debt offering at our Alliant Energy finance subsidiary, originally planned for 2021 to capture historically low interest rates. As a result, our 2021 financing plan is currently limited to one long-term debt issuance of up to $300 million at our Wisconsin utility. And the only common equity activity we are expecting in 2021 is approximately $25 million to be issued ratably during the year through our shareowner direct plan. And lastly, some key regulatory developments in our two states. In Iowa, current Chair Geri Huser was recently appointed for an additional six-year term and Josh Byrnes was recently appointed as a new members to the Iowa Utilities Board. We welcome Board member Byrnes and Chair Huser on her additional term. And in Wisconsin, the PSCW recently issued its final written order approving WPL's rate stabilization plan in December. The PSCW also issued a procedural schedule for our first solar Certificate of Authority filing in late 2020 as shown on slide eight. The docket for our solar CA filing is proceeding as expected, including the constructive public hearing held yesterday. We anticipate a decision on this first 675 megawatts of solar from the PSCW in April. Our 2021 key regulatory initiatives are listed on slide nine. In the first half of this year, we expect to make an advance rate making principles filing in Iowa for our planned 400 megawatts of solar generation for IPL. As a reminder, the key benefits of the advance rate making principles process in Iowa is the certainty it provides for the authorized returns we earn on these investment. In our three most recent advance rate making filings, we were authorized an 11% ROE for new generation assets. The ROE decided with these filings are fixed the life of the assets. In Wisconsin, we expect to file our second certificate of authority request in the first half of this year for the remainder of our announced solar generation at WPL. In addition, we expect to file a retail electric and gas rate review in Wisconsin in the second quarter for year one, two or three years beginning in 2022. We are thankful for the privilege to work in two states that are well-known for constructive regulatory outcomes and plan to continue our long-standing practice of working collaboratively with stakeholders towards constructive regulatory outcomes on these key regulatory initiatives in 201. As we conclude another successful year, I am excited about our flexible and thoughtful strategy at Alliant Energy. As John described earlier, we are a leading utility in renewable energy and environmental stewardship and we look forward to maintaining that leadership status into the future. We will continue to deliver on our clean energy vision that will best serve our customers and shareowners as well as our environment. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you virtually in the coming months. As always, we will make our Investor Relations materials available on our website. At this time, I will turn the call back over the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone.
John Larsen: Hi. Good afternoon Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: My first question is, can you repeat that stat? I think I heard you say that Iowa will be 50% of generation from renewables by 2030. I know you have the overall target of 53% from renewables. So does that include both Iowa and Wisconsin? And does that include owned and PPA'd?
John Larsen: I think you got all right on there, Andrew. So the first one, the 50%, was Iowa. And I think you got all the rest spot on.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Are you able to breakout how much of that is owned? Or said differently, what percent of your own capacity will be renewables?
John Larsen: You know, I will give you rough numbers around 70% is owned and 30% purchased. Of course, that's going to chance a bit as we are bringing units online and we renew. But that's a high-level split for you, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you. Next on O&Ms, impressive year after several other previously impressive years. What's your outlook for 2021 and beyond? And how much of the savings you identified in 2020 would you consider to be sustainable versus one-time?
Robert Durian: Yes. It is a great question. This is Robert. First off, it's a key a component to providing affordable energy for our customers. So we are very focused on that. And we are currently targeting sustainable O&M reductions of approximately 3% to 5% on an annual basis, off of 2019 base line in order to support the customer affordability. Our employees did an excellent job in 2020 as they captured some additional savings largely to offset the COVID and the derecho impacts. And I would say, it's a pretty even mix between sustainable savings and temporary savings, at least on 2020. Some of the temporary items were things like travel, healthcare and insurance. But we also saw some great progress with sustainable savings. Largely, I would put it broadly in the three main areas. One is technology. We continue to advance technology, including things like the AMI that we put into service in early 2020 that really helped reduce some of the metering costs. Some great improvements with automation and self service to help us reduce some of our call center costs. And then we also, obviously added some enhance connectivity through the pandemic here that we think we will be able to leverage into the future. So that's one category. Second is probably on the generation side. Really, we have seen some pretty strong efficiency gains at some of our existing coal plants that allows us to operate with fewer employees. And then lastly on the distribution side as we talked about with our strategy. We continue to focus on trying to move from overhead to underground. And that's really going to position us well there for our O&M cost in the future. So back to your specific question, I would say it's probably a pretty even mix between the two. To think of on a longer term basis, we are really to achieve maybe a 3% to 5% reduction in sustainable savings over the long term.
Andrew Weisel: Great color there. That's very helpful and a very impressive target. Last question is, you had a very good track record in Wisconsin of keeping rates stable and you mentioned you are planning to file again in the second quarter. is there any potential to further delay that or find creative ways to keep rates stable? And then you mentioned that the case could cover one, two or three years. What would determine that? What will that depend on?
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, great question. We entered last year, as you recall, well positioned for a rate filing which we have some CapEx and other things that we have to put forward and found a path for stabilization and executed quite well under that. We are well positioned again but we have a very clear opportunity to put a filing in front of the commission. I guess I would say, will it cover one, two or three years, that's still an area that we are continuing to evaluate. We will share more as we get closer to the second quarter call. So I appreciate that. Robert, anything you would like to add?
Robert Durian: Yes. Maybe one thing to note, Andrew. One of the components of this case will be the expiration of some of the larger amounts of excess deferred taxes that we are giving back to customers currently. And those are pretty well set in stone. So we don't have a lot of flexibility with those and fairly straightforward. So I don't think it will be anything that will be controversial with the case itself. And then as John indicated, the other key component is the solar projects that we will be advancing. So a little more insight to that when we get the decision back from the PSCW in that April time frame for inclusion of that most likely like we talked about a second quarter filing. The third and probably last piece of that rate filing is really to address the anticipated recovery for the Edgewater coal facility that will be retired by the end of 2022. So we think this is the appropriate time for us to come in for a rate filing and we will give you some more indication of the one, two or three years most likely when we get to the next earnings call in May:
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Certainly a lot of issues to discuss there. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Okay. And we will take our next question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's okay. Thank you. Good afternoon to the team.
Operator: [Indiscernible]
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. It's all good. Thank you team. I appreciated it. So perhaps if I can circle back here on the Columbia announcement. Obviously a fairly large unit here. Can you talk about the recovery of undepreciated plant, securitization prospects and whether or not you see legislation as being part of that conversation? Obviously, some of your peers hadn't necessarily pursued that route. But I am curious on how you think about that avenue specifically? And then also the timing and resource planning as part of the replacement, whatever that will eventually be around it?
John Larsen: Sure. Great to hear from you, Julien. Good afternoon. So that's clearly with the announced retirement, we look at the flexibility that we have in our CapEx plan. So we do have some opportunity as we think about between distribution and generation. But there is no question there will be some additional need. We don't have the details of the size and timing of that quite yet. That's probably an area for later in the year. But we do have an opportunity for additional renewables likely to be coupled with storage. We have been working on our development plans, anticipating that we will need additional renewables. So as you know, we have got lot of development efforts in place for what we did on wind in Iowa and then our solar efforts plus storage in Wisconsin. So we are going to lean heavily on a lot of great work we have done over the last few years on that. As it relates to securitization, there is a provision that currently exists and I am sure there is going to be discussion about the securitization and the potential for that to be another tool, if you will, in the process. But as we think about it, Julien, it's really about having the right balance between investor outcomes and customer cost and affordability. Our path forward with our tax equity, we see our solar projects to be perhaps the lowest, if not among the very lowest, cost projects that you are going to see on solar and renewables. So we feel very good about having that right balance with our tax equity. Certainly, the process going forward, I am sure all of that will be in discussion relative to what's the best path for that balance between customers and shareowners. So we expect reasonable outcomes. We have for many, many years. We are very confident in filings we put forward. But certainly more work to come on that. Robert, anything you would like to add on to those two items?
Robert Durian: Yes. Maybe just one brief item to help with the clarification of the timing. So we have obviously announced the timing for the Edgewater facility retirement by the end of 2022 and now the Columbia by the end of 2024. The other piece of the puzzle is the West Riverside options and we are still working through the exact timing on those. So once we have that, like John said, we expect to have better clarity by the end of the year. And so I think we will get some more updates on the CapEx implications, the timings of the resources sometime in the second half of 2021 here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. So maybe to clarify that, would the stars align effectively to get that for the next 4Q 2021 call if you have all these elections in the course of the back half of this year? And then secondly, if you can clarify, sort of related to the long-term outlook, the 5% to 7% is off what base year? So what's the base line for that, again? Sorry for the details for the nuance here?
John Larsen: Yes. The first one, you got that. That's spot on with the timing. And the second question was?
Robert Durian: Yes. I will take that one, Julien. For the base year, it's off of 2020.
John Larsen: Right.
Robert Durian: That's normalized, that's $2.42. So the 5% to 7% is off that base.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Thank you guys for the time. I really do appreciate it. Best of luck. Speak soon.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. And we will take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Hi everyone. Hope you are all doing well. First question is just following on the Wisconsin rate filing there. I think you alluded to one of the potential rate offsets that you may have in taxes which has been consistent with the past. Is there anything else in the form of regulatory liabilities? And can you help quantify those at all in terms of rate offsets?
John Larsen: Yes. Michael, good to hear from you. So yes, we do still have some regulatory liabilities remaining for the excess deferred taxes. They are just not at the same level that we are experiencing here in refunds through 2021. We do have some other, I will call them, regulatory liabilities that were actually approved as part of the rate stabilization plan that we received approval from for the WPL jurisdiction in December. One more notable one was some liquidated damages that we received as part of the West Riverside facility. I think that was roughly $35 million to $40 million. And there are some various other benefits that we have been accumulating over time, whether it was from excess earnings above our authorized returns that we have a sharing mechanism for. But think of it as probably in the neighborhood somewhere between probably $60 million and $80 million of total regulatory liabilities that are available to us to be able to use over the next several years to help offset some of the rate implications.
Michael Sullivan: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. And then switching over the Iowa, I just wanted to check in. I thought, in your last deck you had on the calendar there a filing related to the 2020 test period that was going to be made in Q2 of this year and I didn't see that in the updated deck. So just wondering where that stands?
John Larsen: Yes. I think what you are referring to is, there is a subsequent proceeding process. So as part of the 2020 rate filing, there are rules that are still being drafted. So they are not completely filed yet. But the IUB recently decided that we will be coming in for, what they call, a subsequent proceeding. And really, what that's intended to do is to make sure that the rates that we put into effect in 2020 were reasonable and just. And we believe they don't expect any refunds or any potential changes in the future. And that's largely going to be based on where our earned ROEs come out for the end of 2020. We actually under-earned in 2020, below the 10% authorized level. So we don't expect any impacts of that but we will still be working through the process with the Iowa Utilities Board over the next several months. And then there will also be some processes to finalize those rules and exactly what needs to be filed excellence over the next several months.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And my last one was just, you gave that data point of, I think, 20% renewables in rate base right now. And parameters you can hopefully give on where that could potentially go over the next four to five years, given the plan that you have laid out?
John Larsen: I will give you a directional area of north, Michael, but probably no additional specifics right now, but it's certainly growing.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
John Larsen: You bet. Thanks Michael.
Operator: Okay. And we have one last question on the phone lines. And we will take it from Andy Levi with ‎HITE Hedge. Please go ahead.
Andy Levi: Hi guys. How are you doing out there?
John Larsen: Great.
Andy Levi: Everything's running well, I hope, unlike Texas. But just a couple of questions. So first just on, in both Iowa and Wisconsin as you go through regulatory processes there, what's the opportunity and timing, if the answer is there is some, on potential settlements in both places?
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe think of Iowa as we are probably a couple years away from a rate filing, a formal rate filing, if you will, in Iowa. So that's a little bit out there. In Wisconsin, we’ve had a good track record of working very collaboratively and we will put a very solid case together. So there is always that potential. I don't want to handicap it beyond that. But we have had some very recent success in achieving that type of settlement outcome. But other than that, I’d say it's as we have in the past years, I think that opportunity exists.
Andy Levi: Okay. And then just focusing on the clean energy blueprint. The focus on investor calls or just in sell side reports, juries will always be on the fleet transition and that obviously is a great opportunity. But then we talk to some of my peers and they are like, well, what happens after that? And I guess, in conversations that I have had with you guys in the past, there seems to be a lot of runway beyond the fleet transition that we can do that needs to be done to, one, help the fleet transition but also help your service territory, both in Wisconsin and Iowa convert to a clean energy world, I guess. Can you kind of talk about the runway opportunities there and what is in the CapEx already and what is not in these longer-term opportunities there?
John Larsen: Sure. Happy to. I’ll probably have, if Robert wants to add any of the numbers there. But if you think about the clean energy future, it's really got to make sure that we think about how that fits transition, generation and it really doesn't happen much, the distribution grid is also moving that way. So we have got, as I noted, opportunities for resiliency to put our systems from more overhead to underground. We are starting that out and there is opportunity to grow that area as well as having a stronger distribution grid at a voltage that allows for more distributed energy resources to connect. So that's also an opportunity for us. It's in our current, but there is certainly an opportunity as we get more efficient for those two areas to grow. So, we do see the distribution areas having plenty of growth potential for us. But as we do in many cases, we start, kind of walk before we run and make sure that we get very efficient as we deploy capital. Maybe if there is anything on categories and growth numbers, Robert, I will ask you weigh in.
Robert Durian: Andy, good to hear from you. Yes. I would characterize our rate base growth is much in line with our earnings growth. We are not expecting any new common equity for the foreseeable future. So, we think we can manage the business appropriately to achieve our 5% to 7% EPS targets without having much of an impact on customer bills over the long run. And maybe just to add a couple more categories to the information John shared, we still have repowering [ph] on our insights that I would say is probably more in the second half of this decade.  And then we really don't have much of any storage built into our CapEx plans at this point. We do have some smaller, I would say, pilot programs that we are using but there is also some further opportunity there. And then lastly, we have got a series of coal plants still in Iowa that we haven't announced the timing of any potential retirement. So if we think of that over the next 10 or 15 years, that will likely create some capacity needs for us that would provide some additional growth for us.
Andy Levi: Yes. Can I ask you more questions? Actually the storage tech, I am glad that you actually brought up. I think you and I were discussing that a few weeks ago, actually debating it as far as timing. So I guess maybe what is your thinking on storage because obviously based on what you are installing as far as solar and wind, storage would be a good incremental addition to those assets? And if you kind of look at what NextEra is already doing with storage, it's a great opportunity and also there's like software for storage has evolved, it’s really a benefit to customers. So, why have you guys not rolled out a storage plan yet, maybe a way to put it?
John Larsen: Yes. Great question on that, Andy. And certainly as I had shared, we do have storage facilities, I will call them small. Again, we kind of prove those technologies out and then scale them up. We have done some great deferral storage work up to this point and tied it in with some of our community efforts and community solar side. So, think of that as a little bit smaller size. We do have development work going on right now to size that up. And so think of that as great deferral, but as we are putting larger scale wind and solar out there, we also have development plans to look at adding larger scale storage to help with the front and back end of how those units are introduced into the market. So completely agree. We are making sure that it's always got to make sense to our customers. So we are eager to add those when it make sense for our customers and we are in heavy development work right now.
Andy Levi: So, what I guess maybe in the third quarter when you roll out your new CapEx plan, we may see the numbers around storage, is that possible ?
John Larsen: Yes. You know as well, Andy.
Andy Levi: Okay. And then the other thing just focusing on the line, isn't there a large opportunity and maybe you can talk about it? Doesn't the voltage on your line could be increased from like 3KV to a much higher KV? Can you maybe talk about that and kind of where you are? So I think you have done the process on that. And maybe some numbers around how many, I don't know if you want do miles, but how much of your system needs to be converted and if there is any type of measurement that you can give us as far as CapEx per conversion, whether it's mileage or whatever it may be?
John Larsen: Yes. Certainly as we think about that, Andy, I think you are referring to our efforts to put a 25 KV backbone system out there. And that's what I had referred to earlier that allows us to put more distributed energy resources or customer connected resources to our grid. We are in the beginning stages of that. I think we are roughly, I will us numbers around 5% of our system. But think of that as that's something you want to have condensed to certain areas where you convert smartly. In certain areas as you are doing other work, it makes sense and as we look for areas that have higher growth for some of those DER penetration. The cost for per unit and CapEx, I don't have those readily available. But that would refer back to our opportunities for additional distribution grid spend as we think about getting more and more efficient in that space. So think about it as the tail-end of our current CapEx. And I think you will see more of that as we refresh our CapEx going forward.
Andy Levi: Well, let me ask it this way, maybe Robert would nail it. So like, you said right now it's just 5% of your this thing that you are doing the work on for the upgrade. Robert, do you have any clue how much you are spending on that, just that one project? I don't know if it's one big project that equals 5%, but any type of numbers around that?
Robert Durian: I mean right now we are probably replacing our system at the normal replacement rate of maybe 2% of the total system on an annual basis. We have roughly about 43,000 miles of line. About a fourth of it is underground and about three-fourths of it is overhead at this point. And like John said, only about 5% of it is at the 25 KV level at this point in time. So when you think about costs for putting stuff, for example underground, you are probably talking a couple hundred thousand dollars a mile at least, depending on whether it's in town or in the country. So a lot of opportunity for us. We don't absolutely set a quantification of the exact dollars that you will see in the future. But that's really part of the flexible plan that we have that as we have all of this generation opportunities in the near term, we pushed some of that out. But we see a great opportunity maybe in the second half of this decade into the following decade for those types of expenditures and a good long runway to the growth that we are targeting.
Andy Levi: Thank you. Great. Thank you guys very much. I will stop asking questions because its 1:45 on a Friday and people probably want to go skiing or something.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks Andy. Good to hear from you.
Operator: And it does look like we have an additional question on the phone line from Andrew Weisel of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks for the follow-up. After Andy just trying to send everyone to happy hour, I feel kind of guilty for having one more question here. But if I may, so you have got in the slide that your carbon emissions were down 42% in 2020 versus 2005. Do you have any way to quantify how much of that was due to the impact of the pandemic? Volumes obviously, dispatch was a bit abnormal last year, to say the least. Are you expecting that member to go up a little bit before it resumes the downward trend?
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, when you think of that, it's one of those numbers that will cycle up and down a bit. We look at overall trajectory of that getting to our stated goal when we reach 2030. So we like the path that we are on. I am sure there is a contributor from a number of those factors. But we also look at the transitions we are making with some of our planned retirements of coal facilities to highly efficient West Riverside. So I don't have the specifics. That number will bounce around a bit. But we look at the overall trend line and it's really on track with what our stated objectives are.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So on target for the 50% reduction by 2030 and then net zero by 2050, right? On target, not necessarily better?
John Larsen: Yes. I would say on target for right now. But appreciate the question.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you.
John Larsen: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: And it does appear that there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Gille, I would like the turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remark.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. A replay will be available through February 26, 2021, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN of 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's Conference Call for the Third Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter financial results, updated our consolidated 2020 earnings guidance range and announced our '21 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thanks, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we highlight our solid results for the third quarter of 2020. I want to start by saying how proud I am to be part of the Alliant Energy team. Our purpose to serve customers and build strong communities has guided us throughout the year and the events of this quarter. 2020 has highlighted the importance of resiliency as we face the challenges of the pandemic and the derecho windstorm in Iowa. But resiliency is not new for us. Our customer-focused strategy is designed with both resiliency and flexibility in mind. On August 10, just a few days after our second quarter call, our teams with a picture of resiliency as they responded to an unprecedented storm that impacted 341 of the nearly 700 communities we serve in Iowa. The windstorm, known as the derecho, hit with little warning, leaving more than half of our Iowa customers without power. This was the biggest storm in our company's 100-plus-year history. Our dedicated employees, many of whom were without power, were assisted by crews from across the country in Canada, working day in and day out for more than 2 weeks until every customer had power available to them. I also want to recognize the kindness and resiliency of our Iowa customers during this time. Our employees were overwhelmed with the kindness and patience expressed to them throughout the restoration process. Our resiliency extended to our social commitments to our customers. In partnership with our employees, we started Project ReConnect, a program to help homeowners make costly repairs to their residences after the storm. To date, Alliant Energy, along with our employees, have donated more than $300,000 to Project ReConnect. It's one more way that our values to do the right thing and care for others make a difference in the communities we call home. We remain flexible to assist those in need beyond the borders of our service territory as well. Over the weekend, nearly 200 Alliant Energy employees left home to help restore power following Hurricane Zeta in Gulfport, Mississippi where they'll be joined by mutual aid crews from several other states to help get the lights back on. In a few moments, I'll turn the call over to Robert who will address the sales trends we are seeing as a result of the ongoing COVID pandemic. I'm proud of the efforts our employees have made in driving cost reductions and advancing our broader transformation efforts, helping us offset expenses from the storm as well as the pandemic and resulting in lower cost for customers in 2020 compared to 2019. Turning to the execution of our strategy. We recently announced the on-time and on-budget completion of our $2 billion wind expansion in Iowa. Our generation transformation started over a decade ago and required thoughtful planning, flexibility and solid execution. And that's just what we did making us now the third largest regulated wind owner-operator in the country. And we take pride in our sustainable construction practices, delivering a range of environmental, social and economic benefits to the communities we serve. Continuing our purpose-driven strategy and building on our strong track record of project execution, last week we announced the next phase of our clean energy expansion in Iowa as part of our Clean Energy Blueprint. The Blueprint offers clarity about the generation plans in Iowa through our 2020 to 2024 planning horizon. The Blueprint aligns with our consumer preferences for more renewable energy includes adding up to 400 megawatts of solar by 2023. Our near-term investments in renewables creates long-term savings for customers. When the 400 megawatts of solar is combined with the nearly 1,300 megawatts of owned and operated wind plus the power generated by existing solar farms in Dubuque, Marshalltown and Cedar Rapids, nearly 50% of Alliant Energy's Iowa Generation portfolio will be from renewables. We also announced our intent to retire our Lansing Generating Station by the end of 2022, and the coal to natural gas conversion of our Burlington Generating Station. These plans will allow us to avoid significant investments and helps to advance toward our goal of eliminating all coal from our generation fleet by 2040. These retirements also bring the end of an era for our employees at these facilities. For decades, our employees have done an outstanding job, safely maintaining and efficiently operating these plants, providing affordable and reliable energy for our customers. We will continue to live our values by caring for our employees and assisting the impacted communities throughout the transition. The Iowa Blueprint builds upon our Clean Energy strategy, including plans to add up to 100 megawatts of distributed energy, such as community solar and energy store systems. Our Clean Energy Vision is more than renewables. It's a comprehensive view of the energy ecosystem, recognizing the changing needs of our customers and advancing investments in our connected energy network, which prioritizes reliability, resiliency and customer affordability. These investments include transitioning our grid from overhead to underground, deploying technologies such as ADMS, maximizing the use of our AMI system and advancing high-speed fiber communications. And of course, we'll continue our efforts to retain and attract customers, driving economic development through a variety of projects and partnerships. In the face of this unprecedented year, our teams have embodied resiliency and flexibility as they've delivered results. For the second year in a row, we've been recognized as a top utility for economic development by Site Selector magazine. Our teams have also secured 19 new projects across our service territory and helping to create more than 1,700 new jobs. These developments are good news for our customers and communities and another example of our purpose in motion. In closing, I'm pleased to share our forecast for our tenth year in a row of 5% to 7% earnings growth, our increased and narrowed 2020 earnings guidance range between $2.40 per share and $2.46 per share, our 2021 earnings guidance range between $2.50 per share and $2.64 per share and in keeping with our plan to grow dividends commensurate with earnings growth, our Board of Directors has approved a 6% increase in our targeted annual common stock dividend of $1.61 per share. We remain committed to our purpose-driven strategy, the health, safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities, advancing our Clean Energy Vision and delivering consistent returns for our investors. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $0.98 per share compared to $0.94 per share in the third quarter last year. Our higher earnings year-over-year were driven by higher revenue requirements due to increasing rate base, the timing of income tax expense and the favorable $0.04 adjustment to the credit loss liability related to legacy guarantees in our nonutility business. These higher earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation and equity dilution. We provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on Pages 3 and 4 on the supplemental slides. In the first 9 months of this year, temperatures in our service territory have increased retail, electric and gas margins by approximately $0.01 per share. By comparison in 2019, the year-to-date temperature impacts for the first 3 quarters increased retail, electric and gas margins by approximately $0.05 per share. Turning to temperature normalized sales. We've been very encouraged by the improvement we've seen in our sales when comparing the second quarter to the third quarter this year. I would characterize our current sales levels will be roughly flat versus the same period in 2019, with the increase in residential sales, offsetting the decreases seen in commercial and industrial sales. It's important to note that our third quarter results also reflected the impacts of the August 10 derecho storm in Iowa, which caused a temporary reduction in sales as we look for a couple of weeks to restore power to our customers in Central Iowa. As John mentioned, last night, we issued our consolidated 2021 earnings guidance range of $2.50 to $2.64 per share. The key drivers of the 6% midpoint growth in temperature normalized EPS are related to investments in our core utility business, including WPL's Kossuth Wind Farm and the Western Wisconsin Gas Pipeline and IPL's West -- sorry, wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2021 as part of our rate stabilization program and IPL's approved electric rates that were implemented in February of this year. Our 2021 guidance also reflects additional earnings at IPL related to wind generation of the limited service in September, which will be captured in IPL's renewable energy rider and the DAEC PPA buyout payments in the third quarter, which we captured in IPL's fuel rider. The details of our updated capital expenditure plan are shown on Slide 5. Included in this plan are a total of 1.4 gigawatts of solar generation, up to 100 megawatts of distributed energy such as community solar and battery storage, and nearly $3 billion of investments into our electric distribution system. As noted on the slide, we plan to finance our solar investments with tax equity funding. So we anticipate approximately $700 million in contributions for our solar projects from tax equity partners. On Slide 6, we provided a walk from last year's capital expenditure plan to this year's plan. We've accelerated renewables expenditures into the next 2 years, which were originally forecasted in 2023 and also increased renewable expenditures in total over the 5-year period. These changes reflect the better-than-expected development progress with the solar sites we have acquired for our Wisconsin customers and the addition of 400 megawatts of Iowa Solar John mentioned earlier. Slide 7 has been provided to assist remodeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 9% for 2020 and negative 14% for 2021. Additional production tax credits from the new wind projects placed into service in 2020 and the excess deferred taxes being returned to customers in 2021 are the primary drivers for the decrease in the effective tax rate. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins next year. Thus, the decreases in the effective tax rate related to PTCs and excess deferred tax benefits are largely earnings neutral. Next, I'd like to highlight our continued commitment and focus on controlling costs for our customers. In September of this year, our Iowa utility paid $110 million to terminate the Duane Arnold PPA 5 years early. This strategic decision will lead to a medium and substantial fuel cost savings for our customers. Additionally, we have and will continue to make investments in technology that will further reduce costs for our customers. A great example of this is our AMI investment in Iowa jurisdiction completed earlier this year that reduced O&M costs associated with meter reading. We are also pursuing additional technology investments to reduce O&M costs, such as our advanced distribution management system. I want to recognize the great efforts of our employees for the hard work they're putting into cost transformation efforts on behalf of our customers. In this content, our rates utilization proposal earlier this year was recently approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. This is a win-win for the utility and for our customers as we're able to begin recovery of many previously approved projects such as our Kossuth wind farm and the Western Wisconsin pipeline, while leveraging fuel savings and excess deferred income taxes to keep base rates in 2021 flat for our customers. Our utility customers in both states are benefiting from lower transmission costs, lower taxes from federal tax reform, lower fuel costs and tax credits associated with more renewable generation; and finally, lower O&M expenses. Let's move next to our financing plans for the remainder of 2020 and 2021. Our plans include approximately $25 million of new common equity through our DRIP plan in 2021. Our financing plans also include new long-term debt over the next 14 months, including up to $300 million at our Wisconsin utility and up to $300 million of Alliant Energy Finance. And finally, there are no long-term debt maturities between now and the end of 2021. Lastly, we've included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 8. For this year, we expect to receive the written decision regarding our WPL rate stabilization plan yet this quarter, including the final fuel cost recovery amounts for 2021. Next year, in Iowa, we plan to make an advanced rate-making principles filing for our planned 400 megawatts of new solar generation as well as a filing for the subsequent proceeding required as part of our test year 2020 retail, electric and gas rate review. Both of these filings are anticipated in the first half of next year. And in this content, we anticipate a decision from the PSCW regarding our first certificate of authority filing for solar generation by the second quarter. We also plan to make the second CA filing to round out our planned 1 gigawatt of Wisconsin solar in the first half of the year. Lastly, in the second quarter of 2021, we plan to file a retail electric and gas rig review in Wisconsin. At this time, we are still evaluating whether there would be a single test year case or multiple test years. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our operational and financial results. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you during the virtual EEI Finance Conference next week. Later today, we expect to post on our website the EEI investor presentation and the November 2020 Factbook, which detailed the IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures, rate base and construction work in progress forecast through 2024. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congratulations to all team here, excellent outcome here. Perhaps just to kick things off, I mean, obviously, good start on '21 here. How are you thinking about the trajectory over the longer term, especially given the pro forma CapEx? Maybe a twofold question. Where does that position you vis-à-vis your guidance on the 5% to 7%? And then secondly, how do you think about some of the other CapEx tailwinds, right? You've just got so much renewables going here, how do you think about additional T&D spend and how that fits in the budget over the cumulative 5-year period?
John Larsen: Great, Julien. Happy to still feel very, very comfortable with the 5% to 7%. And as you know, the midpoint is where we spend a lot of time making sure we have a plan to get solidly within that range and we'll continue to. As far as some of the tailwinds, as you probably noticed, there's a little maybe decrease in some of the T&D spend as we brought some additional renewables in, in the '22, '23. And as we've shared with you and others, we do have some plans for increasing our T&D spend overhead to underground. As Robert and I both mentioned, you'd see a little bit of that in the tail end in 2024. There's some great T&D spend yet. So as you know, we try to have that $1.2 to $1.4 billion per year is a really good spot for us to maintain the 5% to 7% minimal equity needs and keeping customer costs affordable. So we really like the CapEx plan and I would say there's some great T&D spend that we continue to look at, and we'll just let capital compete as we always do, Julien. Thanks for the question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. And just a quick follow-up here. In the context of '21, can you elaborate a little bit more on the execution of cost controls item? Just if you don't mind.
John Larsen: Sure. Robert's team has done a great job of focusing on some of our transformation and then nearing in a little longer term. So I'll maybe ask Robert to weigh in on that one. Robert?
Robert Durian: Julien, great question. So customer affordability is going to be a key component of our strategic plan, obviously, here in 2020 and going forward. And we've made some great progress this year. Through the first three quarters, we reduced O&M by about $60 million or about 12% compared to last year. About half of that was from energy efficiency expenditure reductions. The other half is largely related to our ability to manage costs and to accelerate some of the transformation activities for future sustainable savings. And so we'll continue to work on those areas as we look into 2021 and look at all parts of the organization and implement really some changes to drive cost efficiencies throughout our business. I'm really excited about a lot of new technology opportunities for us to drive those expense reductions. And we're also operating with a lot of fewer employees by not backfilling certain vacated positions. So I think our efforts in 2019 really helped us position us well for 2020 and looking forward to the rest of this year position us really well for next year for 2021.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel of Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Congrats on the recent renewables update and on the nice increase to the 5-year CapEx outlook. Can you share the latest forecast for rate base gain here, perhaps with or without the solar tax equity funding that will weigh on that growth?
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. So we'll be providing some additional details regarding that information later today as part of our November 2025 virtual call as the presentation we'll be sharing next week as part of the EEI Finance Conference. If you think off of a base of 2019, which is the last full year that we've completed, we're expecting approximately an 8% CAGR through 2024. And a lot of that is dependent upon all of the renewables as well as the T&D spend that John and I discussed earlier. So think of that as about an 8% CAGR over that time frame.
Andrew Weisel: Great. That's helpful. So then in terms of the CapEx walk, 2020 is obviously down a bit, mostly in that other category. Can you elaborate there? Was some of that discretionary spending that you're being sensitive to customer built and recovery because of COVID? Or was there physical limitations? And would these be temporary or timing issues or more permanent changes?
Robert Durian: Yes. Think of that, as John alluded to before, we've got a lot of flexibility in our capital expenditure plans. And so when we see there opportunities or requirements to spend dollars in certain areas, we'll flex the rest of the plan to make sure that we comply with our target of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. What we saw here in 2020 is with the derecho storm, we did have to increase our electric T&D expenditures in the Iowa jurisdiction really to restore and to build that system. And so we flexed down some of the other spend. And think of that as just a lot of smaller items, some generation spend for our retiring plants, some spend on our nonutility business to keep the growth aspects there as well as there's been some lower facility spend. So a lot of smaller pieces that added up to what you see in the chart there.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Got it. On equity mix, with the moving around of CapEx, any change to the prior plans you've laid out? I have a feeling this might be in the slide deck coming later today, but maybe you could give us a little preview of what the equity outlook looks like?
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, beyond the drift, nothing's changed on equity with refreshed CapEx.
Andrew Weisel: Terrific. Great. And then just one last housekeeping one. Are you able to quantify the EPS impact from the derecho storm?
Robert Durian: Yes. At this point, we haven't quantified it. But there was some sales impact, as we alluded to earlier. Think of that as probably about a $0.02 decrease in the third quarter related to just the sales impact. The remaining portions of the restoration costs, we're expecting to get recovery of those costs. And so we've actually capitalized lows. And we're also seeking -- later today, we'll be filing a deferral request for any of the operating expenses as well as the offsetting tax benefits associated with the storm. So beyond the sales impact, it will about negative $0.02. We're not expecting anything else material.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. There are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Call. A replay will be available through November 10, 2020, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. in Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's Conference Call for the Second Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter financial results and reaffirmed the consolidated 2020 earnings guidance issued in November 2019. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions, include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thanks Sue. Good morning, everyone. I hope you're all staying safe and healthy. Thank you for joining us today as we highlight our solid results for the second quarter of 2020. I'll share a few notable stories from the quarter and then turn the call over to Robert as he recap some of our regulatory, customary and financial highlights. I'll start my comments with a focus on our recently issued Corporate Responsibility Report. This year's update showcases many examples of our environmental stewardship, as well as our longstanding efforts to address the important social needs of the communities we proudly serve. On the environmental front, we were excited to announce that we achieved our 2030 goal of having 30% of our energy mix come from carbon free renewable resources, 10 years ahead of schedule, and we're not stopping there. Our customer-focused strategy continues to advances toward a clean energy future and our Responsibility Report has been updated with new and even more aggressive clean energy goals. These new goals are shown on Slide 2 of the supplemental slides. Our report also highlights the great work of our employees to support our customers and communities. This is not new for Alliant Energy. It's part of how we do business. We continue to support our customers and communities as they respond to the ongoing demands of the COVID-19 health and economic crisis. Our charitable foundation recently released a new wave of community grants, benefiting more than 230 non-profit organizations across Iowa and Wisconsin. Our stated purpose to serve customers and build stronger communities is core to everything we do, and we're proud of the many ways we hope to build stronger communities where we live, work and raise our families. Now more than ever, the social part of our corporate responsibility is at the forefront. We are committed to partnering with our communities, working to understand and help address their needs. We act by providing financial support to agencies and non-profit organizations that help our communities bridge gaps of social inequities, and through programs that support food and security and housing, workforce readiness, environmental stewardship, and diversity, safety and well-being. Our employees and retirees are a driving force in our communities, and I'm very proud to be part of the company that lives our values in so many ways. In a few moments, I'll turn the call over to Robert, who will address the trends we are seeing across our residential, commercial and industrial customer bases as a result of the ongoing COVID pandemic. Our employees have made great progress in driving cost reductions and advancing our broader transformation efforts during the first half of the year, while keeping a strong focus on safety and reliability. Turning to the execution of our strategy. I'll highlight progress we've made as we advance our Clean Energy Vision. A key driver to achieving our goals is the continued successful advancement of new renewable energy source, wind and solar. In May, we filed a certificate of authority with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for 675 mega watts of new solar generation. Collectively, these solar projects are expected to create more than 1,200 local construction jobs, and once operational, will provide an estimated $80 million in local tax revenues over the next 30 years. In conjunction with our solar filing, we also announced our plans to retire our Edgewater Generating Station. Our efforts to transition our generation to a cleaner and more efficient fleet are not new, in fact, we've been on this path for over a decade. As we have in the past, we will live our values to care for others and do the right thing as we support the transition of impacted employees in the Sheboygan community. The expansion of our Wisconsin renewable resource portfolio as well as the decision to retire the Edgewater facility was a result of a year-long process that involved working with key stakeholders and ultimately forming, what we call our Clean Energy Blueprint. We have a similar process started in Iowa and expect to share the results of our Clean Energy Blueprint for our IPL business later this year. Speaking of Iowa, I'll also share that we recently announced an innovative partnership with the City of the Decorah. The new project features a 2.5 megawatt battery storage facility to support distributed solar. This battery system will help us better serve the community and allow us to efficiently integrate a growing desire for distributed energy resources. And while a lot of great work is happening related to solar and energy storage, I also want to highlight American Wind Week, which kicks off next Monday. We are proud to be part of advancing wind energy and the many benefits it brings to our customers and rural communities. We remain on track to install an additional 280 mega watts of wind for our Iowa and Wisconsin customers by the end of this year. Our 130 megawatt Richland wind farm will be completed by the end of the third quarter, and our 150 megawatt Kossuth wind farm is 80% complete and will be placed into service in the fourth quarter of this year, making us the third largest owner-operator of regulated wind in the United States. To summarize, we remain committed to focusing on the health, safety and well-being of our employees, customers, and communities, advancing our Clean Energy Vision, ensuring our investments are well executed, efficient and customer-focused, and delivering consistent returns for our investors with a 5% to 7% growth rate and a 60% to 70% dividend payout ratio. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday we announced second quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $0.54 per share compared to $0.40 per share in the second quarter of 2019. Our utilities had higher earnings year-over-year, driven by increasing rate base and higher electric margins from warmer temperatures. These increases in earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation expense. We provided additional details on earnings variance drivers for the quarter on the slides three and four. Temperature-normalized retail electric sales in the second quarter were down 6% versus last year, reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Residential temperature-normalized sales increased 5% year-over-year, largely driven by our customer spending more time at home. On the other hand, commercial and industrial temperature-normalized sales declined 9%. Manufacturing sales which make up approximately 50% of our commercial and industrial sales were down 15% to 25% during April and May. And as expected, we saw material declines in electric sales in April and May to other sectors of our commercial and industrial customers, including retail, lodging and foodservice, as a result of temporary business closures. More recently, we've been encouraged to see electric sales to our commercial and industrial customers rebound in June and July, to levels that were only modestly lower than the same month last year. We are also fortunate to have a broad diversity of customers across our two state jurisdictions, that even some certain customers, such as our food processing, packaging and warehouse customers having flat to higher than normal sales in the initial months of the pandemic. With the faster than expected rebound in electric sales, we've updated our current projections to reflects an approximate 2% to 3% reduction in temperature-normalized electric sales for calendar year 2022 compared to last year. We've made significant progress mitigating this pandemic-related sales declines by accelerating planned cost transformation activities and re-imagining how we do work. This is a direct reflection of our employees leadership and dedication to reducing cost for our customers. I speak for the entire executive team and sharing my appreciation for the employees of Alliant Energy, especially for the men and women who were in the field each day, ensuring the safe and reliable delivery of affordable energy to our customers throughout this pandemic. The health crisis has reaffirmed how essential energy services are to the country. And our reminder, just how critical our purpose is to the communities and customers we serve. Slide 6 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We currently estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 10% for 2020. The primary drivers for the lower tax rate are production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits which flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins, thereby resulting in no material impact on full year earnings. The timing of wind production cash credits and excess deferred income tax amortizations are recognized will cause quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in earnings. This results in higher earnings in the first half of the year and lower earnings in the second half of the year when compared to the results of last year. On Slide 7, we've provided the details of our financial plan for 2020, which is now largely been completed. In June, we finalized a $400 million 10-year bond issuance at our Iowa utility, a huge part of the proceeds to call earlier maturity that was due later this year. This deal was well received by the market and achieve the lowest bond interest rate in our Iowa Utilities history. We will also use a portion of the remaining proceeds from the new bond issuance to make $110 million payment in September for the buyout of the Duane Arnold purchase power agreement. Our current liquidity is approximately $1.1 billion, including cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and our sale of accounts receivable program. With no material debt maturities in 2021, we are well positioned to respond to any potential changes and projected cash flows. The key to achieving our updated carbon dioxide emission goals is expanding our user community resources. As John mentioned, we recently announced plans to retire one of our Wisconsin coal-fired generating facility and to add 1,000 megawatts of solar in Wisconsin by the end of 2023. We recently filed a certificate of authority request for the first phase of construction, which includes 675 mega watts of new solar generation. As a result of this filing, we are planning to shift $350 million of expenditures into 2021 and 2022 that were originally forecasted in 2023. The earlier timing of capital expenditures is based on our progress with development activities to date and the expected construction schedules. Our forecast also assumes 35% of the construction cost will be financed through tax equity partners, with contributions from the tax equity partners occurring in the projects that are placed in service. We expect to place 425 megawatts of solar into service in 2022 and 575 megawatts in the service in 2023. We planned to refresh our full future capital expenditure forecast and disclosed our 2021 financing plans as part of our third quarter earnings release in November. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives as noted on Slide 8. As shown on the slide, our regulatory calendar for 2020 has many key milestones now behind us. The one noteworthy disclosure development since our last quarterly earnings call was the Wisconsin certificate of authority filing in late May for 675 megawatts of new solar generation. The filing is progressing as expected and we are currently awaiting the procedural schedule. We are also encouraged by the progress on our 2021 customer rate stabilization proposal in Wisconsin. Comments recently filed by the end of the new group, representing our retail customers and food support for the proposal. We anticipate a decision from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin on our proposal later this quarter. We appreciate your continued interest in our company and look forward to connecting with many of you virtually over the coming months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open the call to questions from members of the investment community. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Caller, please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Couple of questions here. First, as far as the demand trend, I think you said manufacturing was down like 15% to 25%, do you have overall weather-adjusted demand by month and how that progressed through the quarter?
Robert Durian: This is Robert. I'd say, what we saw in April and May was the low point, but here in the June and July, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we saw commercial and industrial down maybe about 3%. A lot of that was largely offset by an increase in residential sales. So that's the more recent trends we're seeing, hoping that continues through the remainder of the year. And that's what we projected at this point to get us to a full-year forecast, and we bottomed 2% to 3% temperature-normalized decrease for the calendar year relative to last year.
Andrew Weisel: No, I understand that. I guess, I'm asking more, was it a step-up in demand when the states reopened or has it been sort of an ongoing continuous improving trajectory?
Robert Durian: I'd say it was more of a step change when we work from May to June, and I think a larger part of it, as you indicated, was largely to reopening the States. But yes, from May to June, it was quite a bit of a jump with bit little bit - levelized off at this point from June to July, but a lot better than we expected. So we are optimistic.
John Larsen: Hi, Andrew, John here. I think I might add that. We've seen businesses really plan for and prepare for how to operate during the COVID crisis. So we've seen some really innovative ways for businesses to get back to the production and still address the safety needs of employees, et cetera. So I think it's a combination of that, just some really smart business operations we're seeing as well.
Andrew Weisel: Good to hear. Next question is on the IPL debt issuance. First of all, very impressive coupon at 2.3%. You walked through the proceeds - the use of proceeds and all that, but I guess I'm asking, was it upsized, right? The first quarter slide deck showed up to $300 million and you actually raised $400 million. Can you just discuss why that was upsized and what that means for the balance sheet and future plans for debt issuances?
Robert Durian: Good question. Andrew, thanks. Yes, we got into the deal with very strong market demand for that debt issuance and we utilized that obviously to capture that lower interest rates. To this point of view, the proceeds largely for two purposes. One is to retire $200 million of debt in June that was expected to be maturing in, I think, September of this year. Right now, we have about $200 million left on our balance sheet in the form of cash. We're going to use a $110 million of that for the payment that we needed to make to next hurdle to terminate the Duane Arnold energy purchase power agreement. In the remaining funds, the larger will be invested in wind projects that we're continuing to finish up, including the Richland project that will be finished sometime later this quarter.
Andrew Weisel: Hard to believe that payment is coming up already in just a month or so. Then one last one if I may. I wanted to go back to the option at some of your neighbors in Wisconsin have to buy ownership places in West Riverside. I know they have a few more years to decide, I believe, until '24 and '25. But I'm just wondering, have you spoken to them recently and how are they thinking about the impact of COVID-19 on demand in the massive growth in renewables. Just wondering what the latest thinking might be as far as how likely they might need to exercise the options? And maybe just remind us what's embedded in your rate base and EPS growth forecast around that?
John Larsen: Yes, you bet, Andrew. So you've got the timing right for that and we've assumed that there will be options taken in our plan. I won't speak for the potential co-owners, I'll let them address that. So nothing to add on the IP sides where our plans will assume that they taken ownership interest, and I think you've got the timing right. Appreciate the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's Julien here. Thanks guys for the time. If I can follow-up on the last question a little bit further. You all obviously are changing your forecast after a pretty meaningful swing in your expectations. What does it say about your cost, latitude and flexibility? And especially, for instance, let's say things turnaround here again, how are you thinking about the cost levers that you guys talk about just a few months ago at this point, in ability to use them again?
Robert Durian: Thanks for the question. I'd say, we're very well prepared going into the second half of the year. The employees have done an amazing job of identifying a lot of different opportunities to reduce costs for our customers, a majority of which are sustainable, others are temporary in nature. But a lot of flexibility is how I'd characterize it at this point, with being able to adjust. If we do see an upsurge or resurgence of the pandemic, and some related sales implications, we feel very well positioned as we look at the rest of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just coming back to the last question there, I'll be quick, if you don't mind. I think you always have seen a pretty big swing as some of your peers, but I'm curious, can you more specifically define what your Q3 and Q4 like normalized trajectory would be to reconcile with a 2% to 3% update, slightly different iteration of the last one as well?
John Larsen: Yes, Julien, maybe I'll share a bit. But I think earlier we had looked at around 5% to 6% total year impact, and I think as Robert said, it's maybe looking more now like in the 2% to 3%. We had planned for a slow and steady improvement in the back half of the year. Nothing right now that would cause us to think any differently. We did see a step change improvement in Q2, a little faster recovery towards the tail end of that than what we had originally planned. And then as Robert mentioned, we're keeping flexibility in our plan for a little bit of the unknown. So part of our planning was to look at a few different scenarios for the back half. But assuming it does stay steady and slowly improving, it's certainly going to be overall better than what we had originally thought. If that - if that addresses your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, indeed. Let me try to summarize this, if you don't mind. Are you effectively view your latitude to be in the upper end of your guidance range? How about that to give an…
John Larsen: What I had shared Julien is, as Robert noted, we've taken a lot of actions in the first half of the year reducing cost and help offset lower sales. So that's kept us solidly at the midpoint. But what we take a look here, the weather trends that we've seen here in July, we would see that helping us trend into the upper half of the guidance range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And sorry, one last one here if I can. Obviously with the first wave here you're putting some capital, it seems like it's accelerating if I heard you right from '23 into '21 and '22 to the tune of $350 million. So that sounds like a net increase in your outlook at least from a timing perspective. If I understand the offset there would be, some of that capital that was originally forecasted in '23, I mean, was it always assumed at 35% tax equity? Just to make sure I have mentioned all the puts and takes there against your outlook?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think you've got that spot on Julien.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to ask on the rate freeze approval in Wisconsin. I think we got some intervene or testimony there earlier this week. But just kind of what - what's the remaining path forward here? Whether there are any issues with what the interveners put out there? Can you settle and when will the commission weigh in on this thing?
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, thanks for that question. Actually we're very encouraged by the progress we're making with the 2021 customer rate stabilization proposal, and we currently expect a decision from the PSCW sometime later in this quarter, it could be as early as later this month. In general, overall, we saw support for the plan given the purpose of it was driven. We'll try and protect our customers from rates given the economic conditions that we've seen through this pandemic. We were very pleased to see the support from the major customer groups representing our residential and C&I customers.
Michael Sullivan: And then my second one was just on - it seems like with this Clean Energy Vision, you guys are laying out the continued transition from coal towards renewables. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the recovery or regulatory treatment of the coal and rate base that you have as you work through this? I know, I think Edgewater is going to come out maybe in the next rate case, and however, you're going to handle things in Iowa. So yeah, maybe just what the past precedent has been and how are you thinking about this regulatory treatment in the future?
Robert Durian: Yes. So I'll try to give you a little picture of the past precedent. So we’ve had a few different examples in both of our jurisdictions where we saw its recovery pertains a little bit early. Both states has approved, both a return of and return on a full recovery of those facilities. Those facilities generally with the remaining balances will probably in the 10s of millions of dollars each. So as we look forward, we have announced the Edgewater 5 retirements by the end of 2022. So we're expecting that that decision and that issue will be addressed in the next rate filing that we make sometime next year. Iowa, we've not announced any early retirements to the states, and we're evaluating that as part of our Clean Energy Blueprint that we're performing in Iowa and we will have some more information to share later this year of any potential early retirements for Iowa.
Michael Sullivan: Maybe if I can just follow up. I think you just said that the past precedent, we are only talking 10s of millions of dollars, and it sounds like these plants going forward are probably materially higher than that. So does that potentially change how regulators might be thinking about how they get treated?
John Larsen: I think, Mike, you've got the magnitude right. I think, as we look at some of the larger facilities, they certainly have a little bit larger balance. But as we filed with our Clean Energy Blueprint, all of that factors in to show a net customer benefit for our plans going forward. So certainly can't tell you exactly how that's going to play out with regulators right now, but I think we have a solid track record of working with the regulators in putting a very - very solid plan that makes sense for customers or we wouldn't file that. So I'd say, we feel comfortable with that filing, but some of those are yet to be determined.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at time, it appears there are no further questions.
Susan Gille: This concludes Alliant Energy's second quarter earnings call. A replay will be available through August 14, 2020, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN of 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Conference Call for First Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode.  I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Joining me on this call are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night, announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter financial results and reaffirmed the consolidated 2020 earnings guidance range issued in November 2019. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions, include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q, which will be available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I’ll start with a review of several actions we have taken to continue our critical service to our customers and communities during the current pandemic. I’ll draw your attention to slide 2. These are indeed unprecedented times and brings to life the values that guide our every decision. One of those values is caring for others. We understand the responsibility that comes with the essential service we provide. The Alliant Energy team has taken steps to continue safe and reliable service to our customers and communities. We are focused now more than ever to ensure uninterrupted energy delivery. So those on the front lines can help those in need businesses can operate and provide critical products and services. Charitable organizations can support those most vulnerable, and our customers can focus on their health and well-being. Like many of you, we’ve adjusted the way we work and many of our employees now work from home. We’ve made changes to our operations to ensure we can safely keep the lights on and the gas flowing. We are following the important guidance from the CDC, maintaining physical distancing and adding additional precautions like wearing face coverings and gloves, when the situation requires. And we are rotating shifts for certain functions to limit exposure and business disruption. Another one of our core values is to do the right thing. Temporarily suspending disconnections and waiving late fees for our customers was the right thing to do. In addition, we knew that now was the time for a creative way to keep rates low and predictable for our customers. We filed a proposal in Wisconsin to keep customer rates steady through the end of 2021. This filing is a continuation of our ongoing efforts to maintain among the lowest rates in the state.  And in Iowa, with our continued focus on cost reductions and the new renewable energy rider, we do not anticipate filing an electric rate review for the next couple of years. When the health crisis first started, we reached out to our non-profit partners to understand the unmet needs in the communities we are so privileged to serve. Over the past several weeks, we’ve made donations to several local charities, such as food banks, the American Red Cross and the United Way. We also provided a $2 million contribution to the Hometown Care Energy Fund to support families who need assistance in paying their bills. And, through a partnership with Iowa State University, we’ve been providing 3D printed face shields to local medical facilities and healthcare workers. I think we can all agree that times like these is when the social part of ESG matters the most. Despite the disruption and many personal impacts, this pandemic has had our employees’ commitment to our customers and communities has been remarkable. I am proud to work for Alliant Energy and am thankful for all our teams are doing to help our customers. They are living our values and delivering on our purpose to serve customers and build strong communities. Times like these also require accurate, real-time monitoring of energy use and allows us to make better decisions. The important investments we made in smart meter technology has been a critical part of our planning efforts. Since the crisis began, we have spent time to understand the impacts on our customers and demand for our services. Robert will address the trends we are seeing across our residential, commercial, and industrial customer base. However, I want to mention three important factors to keep in mind, as Robert outlines the impacts. One, we have a diverse customer base and operate in two constructive regulatory jurisdictions. Two, we have summer pricing in place in our Iowa business and three, our larger commercial and industrial electric margins include both an energy and demand component. We have managed through many economic cycles over our over 100-year history and drawing upon that experience we are keeping a strong focus on our operational and financial discipline. Therefore, I am reaffirming our 2020 earnings guidance of $2.34 to $2.48. We remain committed to our 5% to 7% growth targets, and our 60% to 70% dividend payout ratio. Our first quarter of 2020 was a solid start to the year, both financially and operationally. This was a direct result of the planning and execution of our long- term strategy designed to focus on customer costs, smart investments, and advancing a clean energy future. Despite operating in a time of great uncertainty, we continue to make great progress advancing our transition to a more efficient, modern, and balanced energy portfolio. In the first quarter, we achieved another major milestone when we placed 400 megawatts of new wind into service for our Iowa customers. These two new wind farms, the Whispering Willow North, and Golden Plains, were completed on-schedule and below budget, continuing our long track record of meeting or exceeding expectations established when we request construction authority from our regulators. And we are on track to install an additional 280 megawatts of new wind for our Iowa and Wisconsin customers by the end of this year. This will complete the full 1,000 megawatts of renewable investment approved by the Iowa Utility Board and, also, a 150 megawatts renewable investment approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Our experience in planning, developing and constructing renewable energy resources puts us in a great position to advance even more renewable energy for our customers . We are now entering the regulatory approval phase of our 1,000 megawatt solar build-out in Wisconsin. We are in advance discussion with developers and anticipate filing a certificate of authority for approximately two-thirds of the 1,000 megawatts by the end of this quarter. Our Wisconsin solar investments will be enough to power more than 260,000 homes with clean and affordable energy from the sun. The expansion of the Wisconsin renewable resource portfolio was a result of a year-long voluntary resource planning process we called the Wisconsin Clean Energy Blueprint. We started the Iowa Clean Energy Blueprint process, and plan to share a proposal - our proposed resource plan for Iowa towards the end of this year. These plans balance many important goals, including reliability, affordability, building stronger communities and the impacts the transitions may have on our talented and dedicated employees. I am pleased to report that we are making great strides toward achieving another major milestone in our generation transformation strategy. West Riverside Energy Center – located near Beloit, Wisconsin has met several key testing criteria. We anticipate this 730-megawatt highly-efficient natural gas resource to be completed below budget and in time to meet the upcoming customer demand. This resource will bring significant benefits to our customers through lower fuel costs and continued reliability as a complement to the renewable resources in the Midwest. Alliant Energy is committed to providing reliable, economical energy and also in a sustainable manner. I am very pleased to report that the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure has awarded our West Riverside Energy Center with its highest certification, which is Platinum. This certification recognizes our commitment to construct sustainable projects and reinforces our commitment to environmental stewardship and collaboration with local communities and land owners. Congratulations to our West Riverside Team for accomplishing this important and distinguished achievement. In closing, let me summarize the key messages. We are continuing to provide safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers, advancing our clean energy strategy, on schedule, and on budget ensuring our investments are efficient and customer-focused and delivering solid returns for our investors, and continuing to focus on the safety, health, and well-being of our employees, customers and communities.  Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2020 GAAP earnings of $0.70 per share, compared to $0.53 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Our utilities had higher earnings year-over-year, driven by higher electric and gas margins from increasing rate base and timing of income tax expense. These increases in earnings were partially offset by lower sales due to the warmer winter temperatures in the first quarter and higher depreciation expense. We have provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on slides 3 and 4. The solid start to the year accounts for approximately 30% of our 2020 earnings targets and allows us to reaffirm our 2020 earnings guidance of $2.34 per share to $2.48 per share.  The key drivers of the growth in 2020 EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including WPL’s West Riverside generating facility and IPL’s wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in IPL’s and WPL’s approved electric rates for 2020. As John indicated, like many of our utility peers, we are expecting lower retail sales in 2020 due to the impacts of the pandemic. As noted on Slide 5, we experienced a 4% increase in residential sales in April, driven largely by more people working from home. Our residential customers represent nearly 50% of our retail electric margins and every 1% change in residential sales equates to approximately $0.02 of earnings per share.  On the commercial and industrial side, the story is different. C&I sales decreased by 13% in April and every 1% change in annual C&I sales equates to approximately $0.02 of EPS. Under an assumption, that the more significant pandemic-related sales declines extend through the end of the second quarter, and a slower recovery through the end of the year, we are forecasting approximately 5% lower overall retail sales this year. We are positioned to continue our long track record of delivering on earnings growth targets by mitigating COVID- 19 impacts, as noted on slide 6. We will accelerate transformation activities and reduce discretionary spending to lower costs offsetting a large portion of the COVID-19 impact.  In addition, both the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and the Iowa Utilities Board have issued orders authorizing the use of regulatory accounts to defer incremental costs related to COVID-19. Lastly, during times of low energy prices like now, we have an opportunity to capture and keep a portion of fuel cost savings through WPL’s fuel sharing mechanism, which is also expected to help offset a portion of the COVID-19 impacts in 2020. To assist you in modeling our quarterly earnings this year, it is important to note that the projected increase in earnings for 2020 will not be recognized ratably throughout the year. For example, IPL’s interim rate increase went into effect April 1, 2019 thus by skewing more of the full year increase in earnings to the first quarter of 2020. Also, the timing of wind production tax credits and excess deferred income tax amortizations are recognized will cause quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in earnings. We expect favorable earnings variances from the timing of tax expense to continue through the first half of the year and then reverse in the second half of 2020. Slide 7 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 12% for 2020. The primary drivers of the lower tax rates are the additional tax credits from new wind projects being placed in service and the return of excess deferred taxes from federal tax reform to our customers. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the decrease in the effective tax rate is largely earnings neutral. Our strategy includes continued focus on providing affordable energy to our customers. In Wisconsin, we are holding electric and gas base rates flat through 2020 by using federal tax reform benefits and lower fuel costs to offset the cost of utility investments. Earlier this month, we proposed an extension of the current Wisconsin electric and gas rates through 2021. As summarized on slide 8, we are proposing to use additional fuel cost reductions and tax benefits to offset the increased revenue requirements in 2021 associated with rate base additions, which includes the 150-megawatt Kossuth Wind project and the Western Wisconsin gas pipeline expansion. And since the duration of the impacts from COVID-19 is unclear, we are seeking escrow treatment for bad debt and retirement plan expenses and the flexibility to adjust regulatory liability and escrow mechanisms to address the possible impacts on 2021 sales demand.  Finally, the 2021 rate filing requests continuation of our current authorized ROE of 10%, our current authorized common equity component and our regulatory capital structure of 52.5% and our current ROE sharing mechanism. Turning to Iowa, we plan to reduce our electric customer bills with $35 million of credits related to federal tax reform benefits and interim rate refunds. We also expect increased production tax credits and significant fuel cost reductions to flow back to Iowa electric customers in 2020, as a result of further expansion of wind generation and low natural gas prices. Our Iowa gas customers are also expected to see benefits in 2020 due to lower energy efficiency charges as a result of 2018 Iowa legislation. As we look to the future in Iowa, we have taken further action to reduce costs for our electric customers with the addition of new low-cost wind PPAs and the termination of the Duane Arnold PPA later this year, both of this will begin saving our Iowa electric customers’ money in 2021. Moving to our 2020 financing plans, which are shown on Slide 9. During the first quarter, we took steps to improve our already solid liquidity position. These included two debt offerings. First was a refinancing of a $300 million term loan for our non-regulated businesses, and second was the issuance of $350 million of 30-year debentures by our Wisconsin utility. Both debt deals were well received by the market with favorable interest rates allowing us to lower our overall average cost of debt. In addition, in March, we also issued the common equity planned in 2020 from our equity forward agreements generating proceeds of $222 million. With these actions, we increased our current liquidity to approximately $1.2 billion including cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and our sale of accounts receivable program. Our remaining financings planned for 2020 include issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt by our Iowa utility and with the recent execution of our equity forward agreements, we have no further material equity issuances planned for the foreseeable future. With a large portion of our 2020 financing plan already complete and only $350 million of debt maturities over the next two years, we believe we are well positioned to respond to any potential disruptions in cash flows that may result from the pandemic. We may adjust the financing plan if market conditions warrants, and as our external financing needs are reassessed.  Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 10, with four notable developments so far this year. First, IPL received approval from the Iowa Utilities Board to implement final retail electric rates and the new renewable energy rider in February. Second, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin granted us construction authority for the Western Wisconsin Pipeline expansion in March. Third, we filed WPL’s 2021 rate stabilization plan for electric and gas customers, which I outlined earlier. And finally, both state commissions have approved accounting deferral orders related COVID-19 incremental costs. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our overall operational and financial goals for 2020 and 2021. We appreciate your continued interest in our company and look forward to connecting with many you virtually over the coming months. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Alex Morgan: Hi, good morning. This is Alex Morgan calling in for Julien. Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on the results. 
John Larsen: Good morning. Thanks, Al. 
Alex Morgan: No problem. So, I want to check in specifically on O&M. I know that, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, a little bit about some expenses that you are going to cut to be able to balance under the COVID impacts. But I was wondering if you could talk really specifically about O&M and how you were factoring that in originally in 2020 and then, maybe the year-over-year expectation now? Thank you so much. 
John Larsen: Sure. Great, Alex. So, we had a number of items that bringing 580 megawatts of wind or Riverside. So we had some O&M increases in coming into 2020 and we had some offsets as well. So we were expecting it to be relatively flat coming into the year. Certainly, with the COVID impacts, we know, we have to further reduce – the good news here is, we had a lot of work internally on planning for cost reduction.  So we will see some acceleration of plans that we had. Certainly this isn’t the first time we had to react for our company during economic downturns. So we will take a look, there are a number of levers that we have to reduce costs. So we would see addressing that here – this year and maybe for a few more details, I’ll see if Robert wants to add a couple of points. 
Robert Durian: Yes, Alex. Maybe to give you some sense, so coming into the year, we expected as John indicated, maybe just a slight decrease in O&M, but we are going to benefit from the fact that our pension costs are expected to be lower in 2020, largely because of the favorable returns we saw in 2019.  And as John indicated, the remainder of the decrease was largely related to elimination of discretionary spending. Think of that as cost we incur for travel and employee expenses that have been suspended at a point in time, as well as some contractors that we are no longer going to pursue.  And then, as John also indicated, part of that is acceleration in some of the planned transformation activities where we are going through and reevaluating processes across the organization that gained some efficiencies and automate some of our plants. So, we feel well positioned to be able to execute on those and offset these sales declines.
Alex Morgan: Thank you. And one more question from me. I was wondering around the Wisconsin filings is, you could maybe provide a little more commentary on your expectations if you expect interveners to understand the filing and to largely be okay with that, especially with being able to use some of those fuel savings to balance off the rate base increase.  I am definitely interested in hearing about that. And then, potentially any expectation around timing, when we might be able to see final results? And that’s it for me. Thank you so much again.
John Larsen: Yes, great. And certainly important that we may be start out thinking about. We’ve had great productive conversations with our regulators and interveners thinking about getting ready for not only the stabilization filing, but also work that we are doing on our clean energy blueprint. So a lot of work going in and I would say that we’ve always had a very collaborative and transparent process.  So, there are a number of levers and as we put forward, now is the right time to think about introducing a couple of these important projects, our Kossuth project namely is one of those that would be able to put forward, as well as our West Riverside. And then have a number of these offsets that could keep customer rates flat.  So we’ve had a lot of productive discussions, felt that went well, and we appreciate that. And as far as timing, Alex, I would – I think we are looking at maybe roughly third quarter and timing obviously that’s subject to making sure we have all the information and respond to questions that the regulators have. But we feel comfortable with the filing. We think it’s the right thing to do for customers. 
Alex Morgan: Thank you very much. Have a great day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel of Scotiabank. 
Andrew Weisel : Hi, good morning everyone. 
Robert Durian: Good morning, Andrew. 
Andrew Weisel : First question on the WPL filing. Can you give a little more specific, there is a comment in the slide and in the filing about using regulatory mechanisms to address estimated COVID impacts on 2021 sales? Can you just dig a little deeper into that in terms of how you would quantify that? I believe that's not adjusting for weather, just COVID specifically, right?
Robert Durian: That is correct. And so part of our filing requested the ability to go back into the later dates and potentially use some of the regulatory liabilities that we've accumulated through cost reductions including fuel cost sharing mechanisms and ROE sharing mechanisms to be able to offset any potential impacts on 2021 sales demand because of COVID-19.  Because we don’t know the exact impacts from that yet next year, we’ll likely able to tell – again probably later into the year. We just asked for the ability to come back into the later point of addressing them. 
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then the next question I had was I believe you said you are expecting you are expecting a 5% overall reduction in sales this year from COVID-19. Can you break that up by customer class for us?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think you could probably look very – at the slide that we put out there, it has the breakdown between the increase in the residential sales and the decrease in commercial and industrial sales. So think of that profile is pretty consistent.  So we do expect some increase in the residential side and then the opposite to the commercial and industrial segment. Residential is probably going to be a net 3% to 5% positive and the commercial and industrial are likely be around the 10% to 13% that that we identified. 
Andrew Weisel : Well, then just the math of it, would that suggest it would be down 9% for the full year?
Robert Durian: Yes, that's just for the second quarter and then will have a slow recovery through the remainder of the year. So you can look at the direction on the residential. 
John Larsen: Yes, Andrew, John here. Certainly, we see minimal – as we noted minimal in Q1. We certainly see Q2 as being the major impact right now and then having a gradual, but slow trajectory for the balance of the year.  Certainly recognize that's not necessarily going to be linear. We know there is going to be some ups and downs. So we've done quite a bit of scenario planning and think of it as an aggregate of a number of what if plans put together as Robert noted, then comes to around that 5% overall decline. 
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Got it. Thank you very much. 
John Larsen: You are welcome.
Operator: And our last question today comes from Michael Sullivan of Wolfe Research. 
Michael Sullivan: Yes. Hey. Good morning everyone. Hope you are all well. 
John Larsen: Yes, thanks, Michael. Hope you are as well. 
Michael Sullivan: Thanks. Yes. Just on the 2020 guidance, I think last quarter, you guys indicated that you were tracking to the upper end of the range and just wanted to confirm whether that's still the case? Or if you are able to indicate where within a range kind of post what you're seeing on the COVID side of things?
Robert Durian: Yes. Great question. Thanks, Michael. One thing to keep in mind. We do have our range and guidance weather-normalized. So this is important to keep that in mind. But as we thought about reaffirming and we certainly have a target for being at the midpoint of that guidance, weather-normalized. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. So weather-normal but not normalizing for COVID?
Robert Durian: Correct. We do plan on offsetting the COVID-19 impacts. So at the end of the year when you look at our temperature-normalized non-GAAP EPS, we'll be targeting that midpoint of the current guidance range of 2.1.
Michael Sullivan: And just curious , and in one of the footnotes on the rate filing indicated, assuming that WEC and GE won't exercise your options in West Riverside. Have they given you that indication? Or is that just kind of the mechanics here? You guys are assuming that? Or just any color on the expectation on that front?
John Larsen: Yes, Michael, just based on the timing for this one year stabilization. Nothing more than it is a base timing assumption. 
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That was all for me. Thanks a lot. Be well.
John Larsen: Right. Thank you. 
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 17, 2020 at 888-203-1112, for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and pin 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor’s section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year-End 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Chairman, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Executive Vice President and CFO as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night, announcing Alliant Energy's year-end and fourth quarter financial results and affirmed our 2020 earnings guidance range issued in November 2019. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions, include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and will be in the 10-K both of which will be available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2019 was another excellent year for our company both financially and operationally, made possible by the dedicated men and women of Alliant Energy. I want to thank our employees for their continued commitment to safety and serving our customers. And recognize our talented engineers as we celebrate National Engineers Week. Our employees work tirelessly delivering on our purpose to serve customers and build strong communities. And we are delivering a strong return to our shareowners, with a total shareowner return of more than 33% in 2019. In 2019, we raised our annual dividend by $0.08 per share, which was the 16th straight year, we increased our dividend. Our non-GAAP temperature-normalized earnings of $2.26 per share grew by 7% over 2018's comparable number. This was the ninth year in a row we achieved at least 5% earnings per share growth. We continue to make great progress as we execute our customer-focused strategy. I'll highlight a few of our many strategic and operational achievements, and Robert will provide more details on our solid financial and regulatory outcomes. First, as it relates to our transition to a cleaner and more efficient generation fleet, we're proud to report we met our 2020 SOx, NOx and mercury emission reduction goals one year early. In addition, we are well on our way to achieving our 2030 carbon reduction goal of 40%, and as of the end of 2019 we've achieved a 35% reduction in CO2 from 2005 levels. Our progress on these goals are highlighted in the posted supplemental materials. Our strategy and investments are tightly linked to our commitment to the environment as well as the social and governance standards we have set for ourselves. We look forward to highlighting our strong ESG performance from the past year and share the vision for our future goals, when we update our corporate sustainability report later this year. We are continuing our track record of solid execution on renewable investments, putting additional clean energy to work for our customers and communities. One example of that progress is the recent completion of our 200-megawatt Whispering Willow North Wind project. We now have nearly 70% of our planned 1,000 megawatts of new wind, placed into service for our Iowa customers producing clean, efficient renewable energy. We are on track to complete the balance of this plan by the end of this year. An important complement to our renewable resources will be the addition of the West Riverside Energy Center. This highly efficient natural gas facility located in Southern Wisconsin is over 98% complete and expected to be in service producing low-cost energy for our Wisconsin customers in the coming weeks. The expansion of renewables and efficient natural gas generation will benefit our customers for decades. Our fuel cost in 2019 were lower than 2018 by nearly $80 million through a combination of expanded wind investments, solid operational performance and lower commodity prices. Another example of our strategy in action. An efficient and resilient energy grid remains an important focus of our strategy. In 2019, we completed our AMI meter installations in Iowa, providing us with the ability for early detection of outages and information that our customers can use to make smart energy choices. We also plan to use these investments to improve how we operate the energy grid reducing the number of substations and helping us lower operating costs. Making investments that help us better serve customers and communities is core to our strategy. An example is the upcoming launch of a new web application and matching mobile application, we call My Account. Once fully launched, customers will be able to get more detailed information to help them understand and adjust their energy usage. This refreshed customer portal is another example of how we are investing to enable our customers with more choice, convenience and control over their energy use. I'll highlight one last area before I turn it over to Robert. Last fall, we announced the results of a year-long voluntary resource planning process, we call the Wisconsin Clean Energy Blueprint. This plan balances many important goals including reliability, affordability, building stronger communities and the impacts transitions have on our talented and dedicated employees. The blueprint highlights the opportunity to capture customer benefits by expanding our renewable resource portfolio, by building up to 1000 megawatts of solar. In the coming months, we'll be sharing more details of how we will take the next steps in our fleet transition and the changes to our Wisconsin facilities. I'm excited about our accomplishments in 2019. Our team is committed to again deliver on our financial and operational goals for 2020. I'll summarize the key areas of our 2020 focus: continuing as an industry leader in advancing renewable energy, customer-focused investments completed on time and on budget, delivering solid returns for our investors, balancing capital investments and cost impacts to customers and living our values. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report that 2019 GAAP earnings were $2.33 per share compared to $2.19 per share in 2018. Excluding non-GAAP adjustments and temperature impacts, earnings were up 7% year-over-year driven by higher revenue requirements due to increasing rate base, partially offset by higher depreciation and financing expenses. We provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers on slides 5 and 6 of our supplemental slides. The non-GAAP adjustment in 2019 is related to an ATC equity earnings adjustments as a result of the November FERC decision regarding MISO transmission owners return on equity complaints. The $0.02 per share of non-recurring earnings were largely due to a reversal of reserves previously recorded for the second complaint period. Our temperature-normalized retail electric sales declined 1% in 2019 when compared to 2018, primarily driven by lower sales to our industrial customers. A few of our largest customers in Iowa experienced temporary operational issues in 2019 and economic conditions resulting from additional tariffs last year impacted certain manufacturing customers production resulting in a lower industrial demand. Since industrial sales generate our lowest margins, these sales declines did not have a material impact on our 2019 results. Turning to this year's earnings guidance. We are affirming our 2020 earnings guidance of $2.34 per share to $2.48 per share. Based on our current forecast, we are trending to the upper half of the range. We are also reaffirming our long-term annual earnings growth guidance of 5% to 7%. We have rebased our long-term earnings growth guidance of 2019 non-GAAP temperature-normalized EPS of $2.26 per share. Our long-term growth guidance is through 2023 and is supported by our capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth and earning our allowed rates of return. The key drivers of the 7% growth in 2020 EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including WPL's West Riverside generating facility and IPL's wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2020 and IPL's retail electric rate review order received last month. A walk from our 2019 non-GAAP temperature-normalized earnings to the midpoint of our 2020 earnings per share guidance is provided on Slide 7. The 2020 guidance range assumes a 1% growth in retail electric sales, which includes the impact of leap year. We are forecasting most of the sales growth from commercial and industrial customers, as they resume normal operations in 2020. Our strategy includes continued focus on providing affordable energy to our customers. In Wisconsin, we are holding electric and gas base rates flat through 2020 by using federal tax reform benefits and lower fuel costs to offset the cost of utility investments. These investments include the highly efficient West Riverside Energy Center, which will be in service in the coming months. In Iowa we are forecasting average residential electric bills for Iowa customers who will also remain relatively flat in 2020. As the impact of final base rates implemented in early 2020 will be offset by $35 million of billing credits, we will provide to Iowa electric customers, related to federal tax reform benefits and interim rate refunds from 2019. Also more production cash credits and significant fuel cost reductions are expected to flow back to customers as a result of further expansion of wind generation in 2020. As we look to the future, we have also added new low-cost wind PPAs and we'll be ending the Duane Arnold PPA later this year, which will begin saving our Iowa electric customers money in 2021. Slide 8 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities in our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of negative 11% for 2020. The primary drivers of the lower tax rates are the additional tax credits from new wind projects being placed in service and the return of excess deferred taxes from federal tax reform to our customers. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers resulting in lower electric margins. Thus, the decrease in effective tax rate is largely earnings neutral. Our 2020 financing plan summarized on Slide 9 remains unchanged from the plan we shared last November, including issuing up to $250 million of new common equity. $225 million of this equity was priced through the equity forward agreements executed in November 2019. We expect to settle those equity forward agreements over the next 10 months to fund capital expenditures for our utilities. We expect the remaining $25 million to be issued ratably during 2020 through our Shareowner Direct program. Lastly, we have included our key regulatory initiatives on Slide 10. We have the privilege of serving customers in states that have proven track records of constructive regulation. In December and January, we received decisions regarding the first forward-looking test year rate filings in the state of Iowa. In the electric rate review decision, the IUB approved a new renewable energy rider, which allowed us to earn a return of and return on the 1000 megawatts of new wind after they're placed in service. With the approval of the renewable energy rider and continued cost controls, our plan is to stay at the rate reviews in Iowa for at least the next few years. In Wisconsin, we filed a certificate of authority request last year to expand natural gas capacity by 20% in Western Wisconsin. This request is another tool we are using to support economic development in the communities we serve. We expect a decision on that filing by the second quarter of 2020. In the second quarter, WPL also expects to file a retail electric and gas rate review for test years 2021 and 2022. Key drivers of the rate review will be our increased investments in the distribution grid and the Kossuth wind farm we expect to place into service later this year. We will be utilizing excess deferred tax benefits and regulatory liabilities to offset a portion of the revenue requirement for these utility investments. Lastly in Wisconsin, we anticipate filing a certificate of authority in the first half of 2020 for a portion of the 1000 megawatts of new solar generation we announced last fall. We continue to make good progress with advancing these solar projects including acquiring safe harbor equipment in 2019 and securing favorable sites in our service territory to provide additional cost-effective clean energy for our customers in Wisconsin. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming weeks at upcoming conferences. As always, we will make our Investor Relations materials used at the conferences available on our website. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning to you. Can you hear me?
Susan Gille: We can.
John Larsen: We sure can. Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning to you guys. So I wanted to follow-up in the same vein of many of your comments earlier and just ask you to elaborate a little bit first. With respect to Iowa and solar, I'm thinking more specifically on the legislative side there's been some development. And I know there was a carryover bill. I know there was perhaps a deal in the last day here at least in the local news teams. Can you talk about what any of it in Iowa from what city perspective may mean ultimately to you specifically knowing that not all of it is necessarily focused on Alliant utility-scale solar in terms of what was contemplated there? And then separately, I'll throw my second question out there at the same time. Coming back to Wisconsin, you alluded in your remarks to some development coming up ahead in the next months. I wasn't quite sure if that pertained directly to the solar filing you're making, or with respect to the voluntary filing you made earlier is there something else in parallel we should be anticipating here? So again, I just want more of a clarification from the earlier comp -- prepared remarks.
John Larsen: Yeah. Hey, Julien. Thanks for the question. I'll touch on the first couple and I might turn it over to Robert as well. As it relates to Iowa and the build relating to solar, it's very early in the process, so as you can imagine this can change a bit. We are evaluating that and certainly talking with stakeholders in MidAmerican. So I would hesitate to go beyond identifying the direct impacts on that right now. It's something we're keeping a close eye on. And in Wisconsin, we do have our rate filing that we'll have in the second quarter and then we're putting together the application for our first tranche of the solar investment. Those would be two that we talked about and I'll ask Robert here to add anything else to that.
Robert Durian: Yeah. So as a reminder last November we announced plans to build up to 1,000 megawatts of new solar by 2023. Think of this filing that we're going to make here in the next couple of months as the first tranche and that will -- maybe think of roughly half of that will come out with a filing in early April time frame with many more details regarding the nature of the transactions and the sites and all the details that have to go along with that types of filings.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you. And then perhaps just if I can ask you to follow-up on the solar filing coming up here in 2Q. Some of it -- or is there anything different that we should expect in this filing versus that of your peers in the state who also pursued a similar early, let's call it, a pilot effort on the floor coming awhile. Just trying to think about different -- potentially a different set of issues, or is it pretty comparable in your mind?
Robert Durian: I'd say the one area where it may be different from what you've seen in the state historically is, we are contemplating doing some type of tax equity structure that is different from what some of the previous filings in the state event. We're still in the early stages of kind of determining exactly what that's going to look like, but expect when you see the filing come out in that early April time frame, there will be some type of partnership with the third-party to help us really try and monetize those tax benefits booked for our customers. And we see this as a great opportunity to lower the cost for our customers with these new solar projects.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Excellent. Thank you guys. Thanks for the time. Have a good day.
Robert Durian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning, everybody.
John Larsen: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question on the emissions front, you made very impressive progress to-date and I'm glad to see you emphasizing that a bit more in the slide deck. Thanks for that too. John, I think you mentioned you'll update the corporate sustainability goal later this year. Do you have any sense of what that means for a longer-term carbon reduction goal? You got your 2030 target. What might it take to get even bigger reduction say for carbon dioxide by 2040 or 2050? Would it be coal plant retirements more renewables energy efficiency? I imagine it's all of that but where do you see the biggest opportunities?
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks Andrew. We are excited by being able to continue to update our sustainability report in a number of environmental improvements that we've made. We do have a current 80% reduction goal that we have in there in addition to our 2030 goal. So what we'd be looking at is, as we update our resource planning efforts and we take a look at some of our continued fleet transition, we'll review that and make further adjustments in our sustainability report. In addition to that some of the areas for example water reduction with our West Riverside plant, our addition of wind and solar and some of the retirements we've already had, we've made significant progress in reducing the amount of water usage. Then obviously we've done some work with habitat meaning pollinator plant things in conjunction with solar installation. So very excited about the story and I appreciate you asking about that.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Thank you that’s correct.. Next question in Wisconsin, you'll be filing the rate case in the coming months for WPL. You've been holding rates flat. You mentioned some offsets, but how do you think about the potential to either keep rates flat for two more years or have a minimal increase? And then possibly related how do you think about the potential for yet another settlement? And similarly, are there any atypical issues that might come up in the filing?
Robert Durian: Andrew this is Robert. Yes I think when we look forward to the 2021, 2022 forward-looking test periods, we do believe that there will be a modest increase to our customers, but given the ability for us to use excess deferred taxes and various other regulatory liabilities that we've accumulated over the past few years and we'll see a pretty significant mitigation of any increase. So I would think of those in the kind of single digits maybe low single-digit percentage increases on an annual basis, so nothing very significant. And so we'll continue our strong track record of maintaining pretty low or relatively low rates for our customers in Wisconsin. And as far as settlement process, we do have a long history of constructive settlements and outcomes. We would continue to look forward to working with the stakeholders to try and reach a settlement with that after we make the initial filings sometime in that second or third quarter of this year.
Andrew Weisel: Sounds good. Then just to clarify, I think in Iowa you said you're planning to stay out for at least the next two years. Just to really be explicit, does that mean that you'd file in 2021 for rates in 2022 or file in 2022 for rates in 2023?
Robert Durian: Just as a reminder with the renewable energy rider that was approved with the last rate case, we have a mechanism now to be able to get all of the rate base additions from the new wind generation that we're putting into service in 2020 in that rider which will become effective or get renewed I guess on January 1, 2021. So with that mechanism we actually think that we can stay out of rate cases for probably over a couple of years out. So at least probably into that '23 timeframe, if not beyond, depending on how well we can control costs.
Andrew Weisel: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: I just wanted to clarify and make sure I heard right. I think you guys had said, you were trending within the upper half of the range for 2022 -- 2020 guidance already. Was that right? And what's driving that if so?
Robert Durian: Yeah, good question Michael. You are correct that we are trending to the upper half of the range. We really have had some beneficial developments here probably in the last couple of months. We saw favorable pension costs. And we had a pretty strong year when it comes to the returns of our pension assets, which translates into lower pension costs in 2020. We also are starting off the year very well when it comes to a fuel cost perspective. As a reminder in Wisconsin, we've got a fuel sharing mechanism where both the shareowners and the customers benefit from lower fuel costs and given how low natural gas prices are and how well our natural gas facilities are running we're able to generate some savings both for our shareowners as well as our customers. And then we're also benefiting from lower interest expense given interest rate environments that are currently there. So those are the primary drivers that we started out the year very well with.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thanks. And then my other one was just -- I think you may have alluded to this a little bit, but just wanted to clarify. As far as the future of your coal fleet, I think in Iowa you're saying by the end of this year you'll come up with a new plan. But in Wisconsin is that going to happen in conjunction with the solar filing where you laid that out, or what's the avenue where that gets disclosed or discussed?
John Larsen: Yeah. Thanks, Michael, this is John. We -- when we file as Robert had noted in the second quarter as what we're expecting for the solar, we will be informing a bit more about our plans for our Wisconsin coal facilities at that time. And you're right, we are going through that process in Iowa, which would be -- I think of that more towards the end of the year.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, guys.
John Larsen: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Verition.
Ashar Khan: My questions were answered by Wolfe. So thank you.
John Larsen: Thanks, Ashar.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions this concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 28, 2020 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Chairman, President and CEO; and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President and CFO; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night, announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results, updated our 2019 earnings guidance range, and announced the 2020 earnings guidance and common dividend target. The earnings release also provided our annual capital expenditure plan through 2023. This release, as well as supplemental slides that are referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I will turn the call over to John.
A - John Larsen: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I look forward to sharing highlights of our strong year-to-date financial and operational performance, along with sharing key elements of our plan to power what's next for our customers and communities. Robert will provide more details on our financial results, our financing plans, and our capital expenditure plan. Last night in our earnings release, we increased our earnings guidance for 2019, based on the sales performance experienced so far this year, which has been largely driven by weather. Our updated guidance reflects a $0.06 per share increase from the previous midpoint. We are forecasting another year of 5% to 7% growth, our ninth year in a row, and a track record we intend to keep up. For 2020, we expect earnings between $2.34 and $2.48 per share. The midpoint of this range dollars, $2.41, is a 7% increase from our forecasted 2019 temperature-normalized earnings per share of $2.25. Keeping with our plan to grow dividends commensurate with earnings growth, our Board of Directors has approved a 7% increase in our targeted annual common stock dividend to $1.52 per share. Later in this call, Robert will share more details about our financial results and guidance targets. Last night, we also shared our five-year investment forecast, which totals $6.8 billion. Our investment plan reflects our continued journey to accelerate renewable energy, a path we've been on for more than a decade. Over the last year, we've been developing a clean energy blueprint. The first phase of this blueprint outlined several areas of investment, with a focus on putting renewable energy to work for our Wisconsin customers and communities. Improving economics, sustainability goals, and delivering on customer expectations are key drivers for our transition to renewable energy. Last week, we announced a key element of our clean energy blueprint, the expansion of our Wisconsin solar generation by up to 1,000 MW by the end of 2023. We are taking advantage of the continued cost reductions for solar generation, along with the near-term opportunity to capture investment tax credits, which makes solar a cost-effective renewable energy choice for our customers. When looking to transform our generation fleet, we thoughtfully balanced many factors that include reliability, customer rates, strengthening the communities we serve, and our talented employees who have served our customers with tremendous care and service for decades. These factors will guide us as we evaluate the path for future retirements of our Wisconsin coal facilities. More information will be shared over the course of the coming months, as we further outline these elements in our Wisconsin clean energy blueprint. Our capital investment plan also reflects the planned investments in our electric and gas distribution systems, designed to ensure our customers continue to benefit from safe and affordable energy. We are planning for the future needs of our customers, and making investments in our communities to help drive economic development opportunities. Our plans include developing a strong distribution network that enables additional local energy resources, and we plan to move more of our electric lines from overhead to underground, further strengthening the grid and helping to reduce impacts from severe weather events. And our plans are mindful of customer cost impacts. We expect to reduce the number of substations and add devices that use smart sensors to detect problems and improve our response, resulting in more efficient and safe operations. Now, let me update you on our progress with some of our current strategic projects. In Iowa, we continue to see great progress on the significant wind investments we're making for our Iowa customers. Earlier this year, we placed 470 MW of wind into service, and we're making great progress with the remaining 530 MW of new wind. This will complete our planned 1,000 MW of new wind for our Iowa customers by the end of 2020. We are also nearing completion of our AMI meter deployment in Iowa, with all meters expected to be installed and operating by the end of this year. For our Wisconsin customers, we're making progress constructing the 150 MW Kossuth wind farm. We expect to place this project in service by the end of 2020, and we're nearing completion of our West Riverside Energy Center, a 730 MW, highly efficient natural gas facility that will be an important complement to our renewable generation resources. We expect to continue our long track record of delivering projects on time and on budget. The third quarter also saw strong operating performance from our existing gas generation, with year-to-date capacity factors exceeding 70% . Low natural gas prices and strong wind resources resulted in lower fuel costs for our customers. The financial and operational results we are communicating today would not be possible without the dedication of our employees, and the strong community partnerships we have developed. We're delivering on our purpose to serve customers and build strong communities. Recently, the new Commerce Park in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin was certified by the state for economic development. Later this month, the Ames, Iowa Economic Development Commission will recognize Alliant Energy at the Economic Impact Awards, for our commitment to the Prairie View Industrial Center, and also the Alliant Energy Digital Manufacturing Lab, both located near Iowa State University. These achievements would not have been possible without the countless employees and community officials who contributed their time, energy and talents. I'm excited about our accomplishments and look forward to achieving our goals for 2020. I'll summarize the key areas of focus. Continuing our solid track record of project execution, completing projects on time, on budget and in a very sustainable and safe manner; advancing affordable and clean energy through smart investments in renewables, high efficiency natural gas, and distribution networks; consistently delivering on 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance, and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target; and, we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impact to customers. With Veterans Day only a few days away, I'd like to take a moment and pay tribute to all veterans, and the many proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy. I also want to extend my thanks and appreciation to all the military families for everything they do while their loved ones are away from home. I thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter earnings of $0.94 per share, compared to non-GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share in the third quarter of 2018. Our higher earnings year over year were driven by higher revenue requirements due to an increasing rate base, and the timing of income tax expense. These higher earnings were partially offset by higher depreciation and financing expenses. We provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on Slides 2 and 3. In the first nine months of this year, temperatures in our service territory have increased retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.05 per share. In 2018, the year-to-date temperature impacts, net of reserves, for WPL's earnings sharing mechanism and additional performance pay expense were also a $0.05 per share increase in earnings. As John mentioned, last night we issued our consolidated 2020 earnings guidance range of $2.34 to $2.48 per share. The key drivers of the 7% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business, including WPL's West Riverside generating facility and IPL's wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2020, and IPL's retail electric rate review settlement, which is subject to the Iowa Utilities Board final decision. Our guidance assumes IPL's new 2020 electric base rates will go into effect in the first quarter of next year. The 2020 guidance range assumes a 1.5% growth in electric sales when compared to temperature-normalized sales for 2019 . We are forecasting most of this sales growth from commercial and industrial customers. The details of our capital expenditure plan are shown on Slide 4. For your convenience, we provided a walk from the previous capital plan to our current capital plan on Slide 5. You will see on the capital plan walk, we have increased our forecasted investments in renewables, and decreased electric and gas distribution investments when comparing last year's plan to this year's plan. This is consistent with our objective to make the best investment decisions on behalf of our customers, with a constant focus on customer affordability. Slide 6 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of positive 10% for 2019, and negative 11% for 2020. The additional production tax credits from the new wind projects being placed in service, and the excess deferred taxes being returned to customers in 2020, are the primary drivers for the decrease in the effective tax rate. The production tax credits and excess deferred tax benefits will flow back to customers, resulting in lower electric margins next year. Thus, the decreases in the effective tax rate related to PTCs and excess deferred tax benefits are largely earnings neutral. We remain very focused on controlling costs for our customers. We continue delivering the benefits from federal tax reform and lower fuel costs to our customers in both Wisconsin and Iowa. In Wisconsin, we will hold electric and gas base rates flat through 2020, by using fuel savings and excess deferred taxes from federal tax reform to offset the cost of utility investments, including the highly efficient West Riverside Energy Center, which will be placed in service in the coming months. In Iowa, we will be flowing back tax benefits to customers as part of the 2020 test year retail electric rate review settlements. And, as we bring 530 MW of new wind projects into service next year for our Iowa customers, we expect production tax credits and lower fuel expenses to largely offset the impact of increases in renewables rate base. In addition, we have added new wind PPAs and amended the Duane Arnold PPA, which will begin saving our Iowa customers money in 2021. Moving to our financing plans, which have been summarized on Slide 7. We have completed our 2019 long-term debt financings with the issuance of a $300 million green bond at IPL in September to finance wind generation projects in Iowa. We plan to issue the remaining approximately $200 million of new common equity under the 2019 equity forward agreements by year end. As we look to next year, our 2020 financing plan includes issuing up to $250 million of new common equity, and up to $950 million of new long-term debt across our two utilities and Alliant Energy Finance. $650 million of long-term debt will be maturing next year, so a majority of the proceeds from the 2020 financing plan will be used to refinance existing debt. The 2020 financing plan is driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for the utilities, the September 2020 DAC PPA termination payment, regulatory decisions on delivering tax reform benefits to our customers, and the settled IPL rate review, which would increase IPL's allowed common equity component of its capital structure by 200 basis points. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives as noted on Slide 8. Since last quarter, we filed settlement agreements in both the IPL retail electric and gas test year 2020 rate reviews. We expect the Iowa Utilities Board's decision on these settlements by year end. We also filed a construction authority request with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to expand natural gas capacity by 20% in western Wisconsin. We expect a decision on that filing by the second quarter of 2020. Next year, in Wisconsin, we anticipate filing a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for additional solar generation, and a retail electric and gas rate review for test years 2021 and 2022. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our operational and financial results. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company, and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference next week. Later today, we expect to post on our website the EEI investor presentation, and a November 2019 fact book, which details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures through 2023, as well as provides updated rate base and construction work in progress forecasts. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Alex Morgan: Hi, good afternoon. This is Alex Morgan dialing in for Julien. Thanks so much for taking my question. Good morning. I was hoping you might be able to give us a little bit more commentary around your dividend growth rate versus your EPS growth rate, and more or less kind of discuss your different trajectories there.
Robert Durian: Yes. As John indicated in his prepared remarks, we generally have grown dividends in line with our earnings growth, in that 5% to 7%, which you've seen that consistently over the last couple of years, including our projections for 2020, so no real differences between that. We currently have our dividend payout ratio on the bottom half of our 60% to 70% targeted range, but we're generally comfortable with that, as we're going through more of a heavy CapEx cycle right now.
Alex Morgan: Okay, thank you so much. My second and final question is just, if you have any more information about the equity issuance that we should be seeing in 2020? Whether that be potentially a block issuance, how we should be thinking about the ATM going forward and then beyond 2020, what we should more or less be thinking about when it comes to equity for the company?
Robert Durian: Yes, as we announced last night and this morning, we're planning on issuing up to $250 million of new common equity for 2020. To answer your question, beyond 2020 right now, we do not expect any material equity issuances. We do have a direct plan where individual sharers are allowed to reinvest their dividends, which generates roughly about $25 million a year in proceeds. We expect that to continue on beyond 2020, but that's the only equity we see in the foreseeable future. Regarding the remaining $225 million for 2020, we have had success in the past issuing equity under ATM programs, when we've had smaller needs for equity. Last year, as many of you are aware, we did issue an equity forward for a larger equity issuance of $375 million. This amount, at $225 million really gives us a lot of flexibility to use either one of those types of programs in the future. I had also indicated that the timing of this will largely be dependent on our financing needs and the market conditions, so also a lot of flexibility there. We have not yet determined what method to use, but see, like I said, a lot of flexibility in our opportunities going forward.
Alex Morgan: Okay, thank you so much. That's all from me. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar [ph] with Guggenheim Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, how is it going? It's actually James for Shar. I just wanted to ask on the new Wisconsin solar, could you remind us what the recovery route for that would look like? Is it a rider, is it the base rate cases?
John Larsen: Yes, this is John. We would see that as being, as Robert noted in his remarks, we would be looking to file the first regulatory filing for that in the first part of 2020. That would be a CPCN, so that would be through the normal regulatory process and rate review event.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, got it, yes. Just on the quarter, one of your peers saw some weaker industrial load. It looks like you guys were kind of flat, maybe the customer count was down a little. Are you seeing anything of concern? I know you've had C&I growth in your go-forward, but just any weakness you saw this quarter?
Robert Durian: James, we've seen somewhat lower temperature-normalized sales relative to last year. I think through the first nine months of the year, our temperature-normalized electric sales were about 0.7% lower than last year. This has largely been in our Iowa jurisdiction with our larger industrial customers, due to various operating and business issues with those individual customers, including experienced some pressure as a result of the agricultural economy challenges, because of the ongoing trade issues. But we are very fortunate, we've got a very diversified mix of industrial customers, more agricultural-based in Iowa, and more manufacturing-based in Wisconsin, so nothing significant. I would note too that the lower sales that we have seen are from our industrial customers, so they have generally lower margins, so it's not been enough to have any material impact on our variance drivers for earnings. The economies in the two states as a measure of unemployment are remaining strong, they are well below the national average, and we have seen some growth in our customer accounts. I think we've added about 5,000 electric customers relative to this time last year. So, all in all, no concerns from us, but we're definitely watching some of the ongoing trade issues as it impacts our agricultural-based economies in the two states.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the IPL settlement. I've got a couple of questions, I know it still has to be approved, but my first question is, I know you had a lot of intervenors on board, maybe 15 or so. Of the parties that didn't participate, what were some of the sticking points? Do you see those as potentially turning into a big deal?
John Larsen: Yes, Andrew. I'll maybe start out. We had many of the intervenors that did sign on, so we are very pleased with that. There are a number of parties that intervene just to be part of the process, so I would probably characterize it as, those that had most of the interest in the rate case were signed-on parties to our ultimate settlement. But again, there are some parties that are part of the rate proceeding, which is typical in any rate proceeding. I'll ask Robert if there's anything else you want to add on to that.
Robert Durian: No, I'd say the ones that did not sign on were just there to more learn about the process and for information purposes, not necessarily to influence the process.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks for the question.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, so from what you can tell then, there are no debated points, anything around rate design, perhaps? Or, are they more fine-tuning issues, in your mind?
Robert Durian: Yes, just to be clear, as part of the settlement process, we really aligned around the revenue requirements. The rate design issues still are pending, and we had to go through a hearing process with the Electric Rate Review to discuss those issues. Those were not part of the settlement process, and will be decided by the Iowa Utilities Board when they make their final decision by the end of this year.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. And then similarly, I believe there's a lot of talk about the rider for renewables and you've got, as you mentioned, 1,000 MW in Iowa by the end of next year. Can you may be talk about your latest thinking about whether you might want to file again in 2021 or 2022? All assuming that the rider is in the final IUB decision, that is.
Robert Durian: We really see the renewable energy rider as a win from a perspective with that, so we think the chances of us having to file again next year are very remote at this point, assuming it gets approved by the Iowa Utilities Board. With that rider, and the fact that most of the rate-based additions we see in 2020 are with the wind projects we're putting into service in Iowa, we don't expect a need in 2020 to file another rate case.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. One last one on the CapEx walk. You showed the buckets there, I appreciated the reconciling, basically, the old forecast versus the new one. It looks like a good amount of spending was pushed from 2019 to 2020. Was there anything specific you can point to as far as an overall trend, or is that just a bunch of individual things that happened to all be moving in the same direction?
Robert Durian: I think it's more of the latter, Andrew. What we saw is in 2019, we have had some extreme weather conditions in our service territory. We had a very extreme cold spell in the first quarter of 2019. We've also had, I would say, wetter-than-normal conditions, and that created a few challenges for us when it comes to some of the wind farms that we're trying to put into service in 2020. Nothing significant. We're very confident that we're still going to get these wind projects in on time and at or below budget, but they have pushed out some of those wind projects, maybe a few months, and so you see a little bit of that spilling over into 2020. But no concerns from my perspective
Andrew Weisel: All right, thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 14, 2019 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of our company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliance Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Well, thank you. And that does concludes today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are John Larsen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President and CFO as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter financial results and reaffirm the consolidated 2019 earnings guidance issued in November 2018. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our Quarterly Report on the Form 10-Q which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I will turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thanks, Sue. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I am first going to give you the headlines of the quarter and then provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities. Robert will then provide details on our financial results and highlights of our regulatory schedule. So, for the headlines, first, we delivered another solid quarter of financial and operating results. Second, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance and are trending toward delivering results in the upper half of the range. And third, we continue to execute according to plan on key strategic generation and distribution investments for our customers. We continue to make great progress as we transition to a more efficient, cleaner and balanced energy portfolio. In March, we placed 470 megawatts of wind into service for our Iowa customers. The Upland Prairie and English farm wind additions were on schedule and below budget continuing our long track record of solid project execution. These projects were also awarded Envision Platinum Certification from ISI. To earn this honor, a project must demonstrate it delivers environmental, social and economic benefits to communities. The platinum level is the highest rating possible and affirms that our investments in a clean energy future not only help us to reduce carbon emissions, but are the right thing to do for our customers and communities. We are making nice progress with the remaining 530 megawatts of new wind for our Iowa customers. This will complete IPL’s total planned 1,000 megawatts of additional renewable energy by the end of 2020. Although we experienced some unfavorable weather this past spring, we have made adjustments and expect to deliver these projects on time and on budget. Overall, our second quarter generation capacity factor was on par with our 5-year averages. While our coal unit saw a slight decrease, our gas and newer wind units provided a balance with increased capacity factors. Wind energy and efficient natural gas generation bring many customer benefits, including reduced fuel costs, lower air emissions and local payments that support the rural communities we have the privilege to serve. As we continue to transition our energy mix, we are building the new West Riverside Energy Center located near Beloit, Wisconsin. This 730-megawatt highly efficient natural gas resource is over 90% complete and is expected to be completed on time and on budget. Also, we are expanding our use of solar generation, with the construction of a solar garden near our Marshalltown Generating Station and we are well into the process for a similar solar installation at the West Riverside Energy Center. Solar was the focus of some new tariffs recently approved by the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Three new tariffs were approved that will help enable us to provide more renewable options for our customers. While not large in size, they provide opportunities to bring tailored renewable solutions to our customers. And now, I’ll focus on what drives Alliant Energy’s success. Our workforce, many of you have heard or read about a series of devastating storms that hit our Wisconsin service territory on July 19 and 20th. The storms produced 14 tornadoes damaging straight line winds and significant rainfall. At the peak of the storm more than 30,000 of our customers were without power, and statewide totals were exceeding 250,000. After the storms cleared, I’m proud to share that we had 75% of our impacted customers back online within 36 hours. With those able to take power restored soon after. Our commitment to safety, the dedication of our teams and the strong partnerships we have with our communities and emergency response professionals are just a few of the many reasons, I’m proud to lead our company as CEO. Along with these storms, July brought with it, higher temperatures resulting in increased demand. Our estimated temperature impact on electric sales for July is $0.02 per share. I’m pleased to report that our generating fleet operated as expected during the higher temperatures mitigating the impact of higher fuel costs for our customers. And finally, I’m excited to mention that next week we will launch our 2019 Corporate Sustainability Report. This report reaffirms our commitment to provide economical energy in a sustainable manner and provides a broad view of our company’s performance in the areas that are of most interest to our many stakeholders. Our everyday actions enhance the environmental social and economic conditions of the communities we serve. We’ve had the privilege of serving our customers for more than 100 years. We look forward to continuing that tradition for decades to come. I encourage you to review the online report and see how we’re creating a better tomorrow for our customers, communities and investors. To summarize, our team is committed to delivering on our financial and operating goals. We have a great track record and will continue to deliver results as we focus on the following.  Continuing our solid track record of project execution, completing projects on time, on budget and in a very sustainable and safe manner, advancing affordable and clean energy through smart investments in wind, solar, high efficiency natural gas and the distribution network, consistently delivering on 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target, and we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investments, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. I thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I’ll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2019 earnings of $0.40 per share compared to $0.43 per share in the second quarter of 2018. Our utilities had lower earnings year-over-year driven by lower electric and gas sales due to milder temperatures in the second quarter of 2019 and timing of income tax expense. The lower earnings were partially offset by higher revenue requirements due to increasing rate base. We have provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on slide two. Our consolidated 2019 earnings guidance continues to be a range between $2.17 and $2.31 per share. The key drivers of the projected 6% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including the West Riverside Energy Center in Wisconsin and our wind expansion program in Iowa. Increasing our wind generation portfolio and operating our highly efficient natural gas generating units at higher capacity rates are resulting in lower fuel costs for our customers. Our second quarter production fuel and purchase power expenses dropped 20% when compared to the same period in 2018. This is just one example of how we are working to control costs for our customers. Our temperature normalized electric sales through the first half of 2019 have been slightly lower than expected, primarily in our Iowa Utilities Industrial class. About half of the lower industrial sales in our Iowa jurisdiction are due to operations issues at some of the larger customers. Temperature normalized retail electric sales at our Wisconsin utility have increased over 2018, including higher industrial sales from two large customers returning to normal operations after prolonged outages. As a reminder, industrial sales earned lower margins when compared to other retail classes, thus these changes in electric sales did not have a material impact to our earnings. To assist with modeling our results throughout 2019, please note that the 6% projected increase in earnings for 2019 will not be recognized consistently for all four quarters this year. First, the interim rate increase in Iowa went into effect April 1 thus skewing the earnings growth more to the last three quarters. Second, our Iowa utility has higher electric rates in the summer for mid-June through mid-September, resulting in a higher proportion of earnings in the third quarter. Lastly, the timing of income tax expense recognition will result in lower earnings in the first half of the year and higher earnings in the second half of the year when compared to the quarter results in 2018. Slide 3 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group for the full year 2019. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 11% for 2019. As we continue adding wind generation to our portfolio the resulting additional PTCs are expected to result in lower effective tax rates for several years into the future. Please see Slide 4 for details of our 2019 financing plan which remains unchanged. In June, we completed the issuance of $350 million of debt at our Wisconsin utility and used the proceeds to refinance $250 million of debt that matured in July and to reduce commercial paper outstanding. Through July, we have completed about one-third of the $400 million of new common equity issuances planned for 2019, largely through exercising a portion of the forward contract entered into at the end of 2018. Lastly, we plan to issue up to $300 million of long-term debt at our Iowa Utility later this year to fund our wind expansion program in Iowa. These 2019 financing plans support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities, consistent with our most recent regulatory decisions. We expect to refresh our future capital expenditure plans and disclose our 2020 financing plans including quantifying the 2020 new common equity needs during our third quarter earnings call in November. Lastly, we’ve included our 2019 regulatory initiatives note on Slide 5. There have been two key developments to share with you since our last quarterly earnings call. First, our Wisconsin utility filed its retail electric fuel, the rate review in June. To set the fuel cost monitoring level for 2020. Second, the rate reviews in Iowa continue to advance through their procedural schedules. As a reminder, we found electric and gas rate reviews in Iowa in March and implemented electric interim rates at the beginning of the second quarter. The electric interim rate increase includes recovery of the investments in our English Farms and Upland Prairie Wind project. Enhancements to our distribution network and upgrades to customer service technologies. A portion of the increase due to these investments has been offset with the benefits of PTCs and reduced fuel cost from the new wind projects being passed on to our customers beginning in April. This rate review filing also included the first forward-looking test year for Iowa Utility for 2020. The rate review proceeding is progressing according to plan. Yesterday, many of the 15 interveners in IPL’s electric rate review proceedings filed direct testimony. We are still reviewing the details of the testimony. The Iowa business energy coalitions testimony and methodology appears generally consistent with our future test years are constructed and implied in other jurisdictions. Although, we have different viewpoints with some of their inputs and the end result, the Office of Consumer Advocate in contrast, has proposed a complicated and unique phased approach effectively applying future and historic elements within one test year, which we believe is inconsistent with the Iowa legislation. Interveners have raised issues with the proposed renewable energy writer ROE and capital structure PTC carry forwards and other topics. Divergent viewpoints are a normal part of the rate reviews and we are generally unsurprised by the interveners positions. We are proud of the investments that we’ve made on behalf of our customers and believe in the merits for the case that we put before the Iowa Utilities Board. We look forward to working with the interveners as the process continues. On Slide 6, we provided the procedural schedules for the Iowa retail, electric and gas dockets to help you monitor the progress of these rate reviews throughout the remainder of 2019. Under Iowa statutes rate reviews must generally be decided within 10-months therefore we anticipate final orders in both the electric and gas rate reviews by year-end. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. For members of the investment community, Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the 1-hour timeframe for this morning’s call. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Darius [Indecipherable] on for Julian. I just wanted to briefly touch on the Iowa intervenor testimony that you mentioned a minute ago. Are there any specific read throughs that you can share as far as ROE, equity needs or the renewable writer at this time?
Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert. Yes. Maybe just to summarize a couple of the positions, so for the ROEs, really there is two primary intervenors that had provided. I call the full revenue requirements testimony. One is the OCA and the other is IBAC is the term we use for them. Both of them are roughly around 9%. I think one was 8.9% and the other was 9.2%. And then from a capital structure. I believe the OCA proposed a 47% equity ratio and then IBAC was a 50% equity ratio. And then on the renewable writer, the renewable writer neither one of them had supported our position. So, we are working with them in the next few weeks or to see if we can gain alignment there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you. And just one follow-up, any commentary as far as pursuing multi-year rate cases in the future?
Robert Durian: Yes, generally speaking, I don’t think anybody in these intervenors, testimony supported that. So again, we’ll be working with them over the course of the next few weeks into the next year probably to try and figure out, it will support us at longer time frame than the one year that we’re currently pursuing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our next question from Andrew Weisel from Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning everybody.
Susan Gille: Hi.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: You mentioned you’re trending toward the high end of guidance, does that reflect a $0.02 benefit from the high July weather and/or expenses from the storms that John mentioned or does that assume normal weather for since June 30?
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, this is John. It does include both of those items.
Robert Durian: Yes, just maybe Andrew, for the year, we picked up $0.05 in the first quarter from weather we loss $0.02 in the second quarter from weather and then we’re expecting to pick another $0.02 up in July. So, year-to-date through July, we’re about $0.05 ahead of plan as a result of weather impacts on temperatures. As far as the storm itself that John referred to, we don’t expect any significant impact on earnings as a result of that. So that really puts us like I said around $0.05 ahead of plan right now.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Next question, I know you update and roll forward the CapEx forecast in November. I think you mentioned that in the remarks as well. I’m hoping we can get some kind of a sneak peek here. In the past you’ve been pretty consistently increasing CapEx guidance for the near-term years. Should we expect that again or might there be other limiting factors being affordability or the balance sheet or whatever?
Robert Durian: Like I said, Andrew will be prepared to talk about that in more detail when we issue that information in early November and then go into a fair amount of discussion with a lot of the analysts and during our AI Finance Conference in early November.
Andrew Weisel: Fair enough. I’ll have to be a bit more patient, I guess. Then, lastly, if I can squeeze a third one in. A lot of your neighbors in Wisconsin are taking the approach of combining efforts still own larger solar farm sites benefits like economies, scale, et cetera. And I know you have joint ownership of a natural gas plants, though I do remember the history behind that as well. Is this showing effort approach something that you might consider in the future. I know your near-term plans are pretty locked and loaded for renewables, but over time, should we think that you will continue to build your own assets or might you, combined with other utilities in your states?
John Larsen: Yes, thanks for the question, Andrew, this is John. It certainly all of those options will be on the table. We’ve had a solid track record of some of our individual owning and operating, but partnerships with others is certainly possibility as well.
Andrew Weisel: Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We can now take our next question from Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, good morning.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
John Larsen: Good morning.
Michael Sullivan: Just circling back to one of the questions, I was asked on the rate case, just given the recommendations that were given on equity ratio. And just the spread relative to what you’re asking. I guess what kind of gives you guys, the level of comfort that will be needed to give equity plans in with the Q3 update?
Robert Durian: Yes. Michael, right now, what we’re planning on doing. I would say over there probably matter of maybe eight weeks or so. We’ll be working closely with the intervenors to try and identify opportunities for us to align on settlements parameters. So, right now the procedural schedule provides for some additional rebuttal testimony between the different intervenors and then we have a, dates in later September were any agreements that we reached before we get to the hearing process we file as part of a settlement notice. So we’ll be working closely with the intervenors over, like I said, a matter of, the next few weeks to try and figure out how we can gain more alignments on those types of issues as well as how the other issues that have been filed as part of the testimony. So, we’ve, had a really long history of engaging in these collaborative processes with interested parties. And so, what we believe in the merits of our case though we’re looking forward to try and figure out some collaboration to reach alignment on some of these issues before we get to the hearing.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And yes, just I mean, kind of given what you said on the history and what you’ve seen from yesterday’s filings would kind of be relatively in line with what you would have expected, and that’s something like too far at a whack that would take settlement possibilities off the table?
Robert Durian: Yes, I think that’s a fair assessment. Nothing that we saw in yesterday’s testimony was unexpected at this point. It’s a normal part of the process. So, like I said, we’ll be working with them closely over the next few weeks to try and gain alignment before we get to the hearing.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, thanks. And then my last one, just also kind of tied to the rate case, but also just thinking longer-term about your generation needs in the like how, so once you get through this upcoming wind program, particularly in Iowa, how tight is – is there an opportunity for more beyond that. When do you start thinking about that and how tight is it to the renewables writer that they’re asking for in the case?
John Larsen: Yes, Michael, this is John. We certainly see some opportunity for additional grid investments on the heels of the great renewable portfolio that we’re putting forward right now. So, I would see that being a little more in the center of our next investment cycle for IPL.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 9, 2019 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the website later today. We all thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead Miss. Gille.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Larsen, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President and CFO, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat, John, and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter financial results, and affirmed the consolidated 2019 earnings guidance issued in November 2018. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor's page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release and our 10-Q which will be available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Su. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to share with you our first quarter 2019 results and highlight progress-to-date on key strategic priorities. We had a solid start to the year. Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations, with an additional $0.05 per share benefit from higher sales due to colder than normal temperatures. With these results, we are well positioned to deliver on our 2019 earnings guidance range of $2.17 to $2.31 per share. In the first quarter, we also achieved a major milestone accelerating our progress towards cleaner energy with our English Farms and Upland Prairie wind farms being placed in service in late March. As you are well aware, we filed our electric and gas rate reviews in Iowa on March 1 with electric interim rates effective on April 1. This was the first filing that included a forward looking test year. The electric interim rate increase includes recovery of the significant investments in our English Farms and Upland Prairie wind farms, enhancements to our distribution network, and upgrades to customer service technologies. A large portion of this increase has been offset from the benefits of PTCs and reduced fuel costs, from the new wind farms. As part of the electric filing, we requested a renewable energy rider which would allow recovery of pre-approved investments in renewable energy when they are placed in service. If approved, this rider would reduce the likelihood of a 2021 test year rate review, seeking full recovery of our next group of wind farms. For our gas customers, the rate review was based only on the 2020 future test year, so interim rates for gas were not necessary. This requested base rate increase will be offset by reduced energy efficiency costs and lower forecasted natural gas prices. Under Iowa statutes, rate reviews must generally be decided within 10 months. Therefore, we expect final orders in both the electric and gas reviews by year end. As you know, the first quarter brought very extreme weather conditions to the Midwest. Our employees did an excellent job maintaining the reliability of our generating stations, wind farms and electric and gas distribution systems during the Polar Vortex. I would like to thank them for their dedication to excellent customer service, even in the toughest winter conditions. Now to summarize. Our team is committed to again delivering on our financial and operational goals. We have a great track record and will continue to deliver results as we focus on the following: Continue to complete large construction projects on time and at or below budget, and in a very sustainable and safe manner. Advancing affordable and cleaner energy through substantial investments in wind, construction of the West Riverside Energy Center, and enhancements to our distribution network. Delivering on 5% to 7% percent earnings growth guidance, and a 60% to 70% percent common dividend payout target. We will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impact to customers. In closing, I invite you to participate in our second virtual only, annual shareowners' meeting on May 16. We look forward to expanded participation from our shareowners since you can join the meeting from any location, through your computer or telephone. I hope you all can participate. On a personal note, it has been a pleasure working with all of you, and I greatly appreciated the support and confidence you had in me and my management team throughout the years I'm leaving the company in very good hands with John taking over on July 1st. I am so proud of what we've accomplished at Alliant Energy in my seven years as CEO and I know that under John's leadership, the company will continue to thrive. I wish you all well and thank you for your support of our company. With that, I will now turn the call over to John.
John Larsen: Thank you Pat, I appreciate the kind remarks. I would also like to thank you for your tremendous contributions and dedicated service to our employees, customers, and shareowners. We are all going to miss you and we wish you the very best in retirement. Good morning everyone. Pat provided a great overview of our key accomplishments in the first quarter. I will focus my comments on key operational achievements, and Robert will address the financial outcomes and regulatory matters. We continue to make great progress as we transition to a more efficient, modern, and balanced energy portfolio. In March, we achieved another major milestone when we placed 470 MW of wind into service for our Iowa customers. These two new wind farms, Upland Prairie and English Farms, were on-schedule and below budget, continuing our long track record of meeting or exceeding expectations established when we request construction authority from our regulators. And we are on track to install an additional 530 megawatts of new wind for Iowa customers in 2020. This added wind will complete the 1,000 megawatts of renewable investment approved by the Iowa Utilities Board. Construction is going well - and we plan to begin the turbine installation phase next month. Our wind resources performed as expected in the first quarter, achieving an average capacity factor of 36%. Our newer wind farms are expected to achieve even higher capacity factors and provide energy production nearly 25% higher than existing. Wind energy brings many customer benefits including reduced fuel costs, lower air emissions, and local payments that support the rural communities we have the privilege to serve. Another major milestone in the first quarter was the completion of a selective catalytic reduction system at our Ottumwa Generating Station in Iowa. This environmental improvement project supports compliance obligations under the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule and advances our objective of improving overall air emissions. This project also represents the last planned air emission control system for our fleet. As we continue to transition our energy mix, we are making great progress on the new West Riverside Energy Center, located near Beloit, Wisconsin. This 730 megawatt highly-efficient natural gas resource is over 80 percent complete and expected to go into service by the end of this year. The project is on track to be completed on time and on budget. We're committed to providing reliable, economical energy in a sustainable manner. In addition to achieving on time and below budget project execution, we are advancing our environmental value through sustainable construction practices. I am very pleased to report that the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure awarded our Upland Prairie and English Farms projects, Gold Envision Certifications. This certification recognizes our commitment to environmental stewardship and our collaboration with local communities and landowners. I am also pleased to share that we were notified that two of our recently added generating facilities, our Marshalltown combined cycle natural gas facility and our Dubuque Solar project are two of three finalists for the Innovation in Sustainable Engineering Award that will be awarded at the International Conference on Sustainable Infrastructure this fall. To be eligible for consideration, projects must demonstrate adherence to the principles of economic, social and environmental sustainability. It is an honor to be recognized for our sustainability efforts. I thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy, and will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2019 earnings of $0.53 per share, compared to $0.52 per share in the first quarter of 2018. Our utilities had higher earnings year over year driven by higher electric and gas margins from increasing rate base and higher electric and gas sales due to the colder temperatures, partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Our non-utility businesses had lower earnings year over year primarily driven by timing impacts of Tax Reform benefits recognized in the first quarter of 2018 and higher interest expense. We have provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on slide two. Our consolidated 2019 earnings guidance range continues to be $2.17 to $2.31 per share. The key drivers of the projected 6% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including our wind expansion program in Iowa and WPL's West Riverside Energy Center. First quarter earnings were in line with expectations. To assist with modeling, please note that the 6% projected increase in earnings for 2019 will note be recognized consistently for all four quarters this year, as IPL's interim rate increase went into effect April 1, thus skewing the earnings growth more to the last three quarters. Slide three has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 11% for 2019. As we continue adding wind generation to our portfolio, the resulting additional PTCs are expected to result in low effective tax rates into the future. Moving to our financing plans, please see slide four for details of our 2019 plan which remains unchanged. During the first quarter Alliant Energy issued 1.1 million shares of new common equity under the forward equity agreements. The remaining shares under the forward equity agreements are expected to be issued by the end of the third quarter. To finance our wind expansion, we also issued our second Green Bond at IPL in early April. Green Bonds provide investors with an opportunity to invest in renewable projects and have helped to lower our overall cost of debt for our Iowa customers. The 2019 financing plans support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities consistent with their most recent regulatory decisions. We will adjust the financing plan if market conditions warrant, and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives of note on slide five with two notable developments in the first quarter. First, IPL received approval from the Iowa Utilities Board in March to implement a new energy efficiency plan for calendar years 2019 through 2023. Effective June 1st, our Iowa customers will start seeing direct financial savings from the new plan. And over the next five years, Iowa customers are expected to see approximately $180 million of lower energy efficiency costs compared to the previous five year plan. Second is the electric and gas rate reviews filed by IPL on March 1st. On slide six we have provided the procedural schedules for the IPL retail electric and gas dockets so that you may monitor the progress of these rate review proceedings throughout the year. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our overall operational and financial goals for 2019. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour time frame for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hey, everyone congrats on the quarter. It's Nick Campanella on for Julien today.
Patricia Kampling: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to talk about the Iowa rate case - cadence post the current proceeding that we have. If you get the renewable rider in this rate case is it safe to say that you could potentially stay out of future rate cases for the foreseeable future. How do how do we think about that?
Robert Durian: I think as Pat mentioned in here prepared remarks, I think there is a higher likelihood of us being able to stay out of a 2021 test year rate review if we get the renewable rider.
Nick Campanella: Got it. And I just want to confirm, I know we're kind of waiting on the rate case to decide for what the 2020 equity need would be. Just given we get an order by year end here, is this a third quarter or fourth quarter item for you guys to tell the market where the equity is going to be?
Robert Durian: I'd say most likely, its Robert again, Nick, most likely it will probably come up with something in the November timeframe as far as what the 2020 equity needs are.
Nick Campanella: Got it…
Robert Durian: At that point, we'll open the indications of what the equity layer is for the IPL rate review which will give us kind of the final piece of the puzzle for us next year.
Nick Campanella: Great. That's it for me and congrats again to Pat. Thank you very much.
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question now from Andrew Levi of ExodusPoint.
Andrew Levi: Hey, how are you guys?
Pat Kampling: Hey. Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Levi: Actually, I wasn't going to - I do have one question, but first, I just want to say, Pat you did an amazing job. We're going to miss you. Investment community is going to miss you, greatly. And I know you were one of the best CEOs in my 25 year career. So you will be...
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Andrew. That's very kind. It's always been a pleasure working with you.
Andrew Levi: Great job. And then a little a little question kind of off the beaten path, not number related. I just want to get your thoughts on ATC and obviously you know, it's kind of like an annuity for you guys, it doesn't grow a lot. It's probably worth a good amount of money, that maybe someone else who may want the asset more than maybe you guys do. I'm not saying you don't want it, don't misunderstand me. But and also you know, if you look at that versus the cost of issuing equity and that equity that you issue or that cash that you have gets put back into the utility and it grows versus ATC that doesn't grow. So if the price was right. Would that be something that you would consider kind of trading equity for ATC for no better way to put it?
Pat Kampling: You know, Andy again, this is Pat. You know, we've consider you know ATC a really good investment. As you said, it's a really good annuity income for us and it still has some growth in there and we're still optimistic about some other outside footprint growth opportunities that they have. So you know, we consider this one of our - one of our crown jewels of our portfolio here so you know, we're definitely planning on keeping it.
Andrew Levi: Okay. That was my question. Have fun Pat with retirement.
Pat Kampling: Thank you. I will for sure.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 10, 2019 at 888-203-1112, for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and pin 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor's section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year-End 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Larsen, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President and CFO; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat, John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's year end and fourth quarter financial results, and we affirmed the consolidated 2018 earnings guidance issued in November 2018. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our earnings release and our 10-K, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. 2018 was another excellent year for our company and I'm happy to share our financial results with you today. Our 2018 financial results did benefit from higher sales due to more extreme temperatures than normal. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.17 include a $0.06 net benefit from temperatures. When we normalize for temperature, our adjusted earnings per share of $2.11 is 6% above last year as shown on slide two. 2018 was the fifth year in a row that we achieved at least 5% to 7% earnings per share growth and increased our dividend by at least 6%. I am also reaffirming our 2019 earnings guidance midpoint of $2.24 per share and our long-term earnings growth guidance of 5% to 7% re-based off our 2018 temperate normalized results. Our long-term growth guidance through 2022 is supported by our capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth, constructive regulatory outcomes and assumes normal temperatures. Now on March 1st, we plan to file our first future test year of rate reviews in Iowa. For electric customers a 2018 test year will be used for interim rates and a 2020 future test year for final rates. For gas customers, they will be based only on the 2020 future test year. Under Iowa statutes, rate reviews must generally be decided within 10 months. Therefore we expect final orders in both the electric and gas reviews by year end. As I shared with you previously, the electric rate review will include recovery of our significant investments in wind energy, enhancements to our distribution network and upgrades to customer service technologies. Interim rates based on a 2018 test your will also include known and measurable rate base additions that occur by the end of the first quarter. Since the English Farms and Upland Prairie Wind Farms are expected to be in service in late March, interim electric rates will be effective on April 1st so those projects can be included. Customers will receive the benefits of reduced fuel costs and PTCs from the windfarms concurrent with the implementation of interim rate. We will also be requesting modifications to simplify our rates and to reduce the huge variance in summer and winter pricing that has frustrated our customers for decades. We will also be proposing new product offerings for customers interested in partnering with us and their renewable energy efforts. And we are requesting a renewable energy rider which would allow recovery of new investments in renewable energy when they are placed in service if the project has already received advanced rate making approval. While the base rate increase and the benefits from lower fuel costs and PTCs will vary by customer class, the overall net impact on electric customer bills will be in the low to mid single digits. Further details will be available after the filing is made next week. I must acknowledge that our financial and operational results are achieved through the hard work and dedication of my served employees. These employees proudly serve customers each and every day and safely restore service no matter the conditions. This past year brought many challenging days, including dealing with major flooding, blizzards, ice storms, tornadoes and extreme temperatures. And during the recent polar vortex, I am pleased to report that our systems held up well, and our employees were able to maintain gas and electric system integrity and reliability. So on behalf of our customers and investors, I'd like to thank all of our employees for providing excellent service even in the toughest conditions. Now to summarize, I'm very pleased with our 2018 accomplishments and our team is committed to again delivering on our financial and operational goals for 2019. We have a great track record and we'll continue to deliver results as we focus on the following, completing our large construction projects on time and at or below budget in a very sustainable and safe manner, advancing affordable and cleaner energy through substantial investments in wind, construction of our West Riverside Energy Center and additional fossil plant retirements, delivering on 5% to 7 % earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70 % common dividend payout target. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to congratulate him on being named my successor effective July 1st. I am so proud of what we've accomplished at Alliant Energy in my seven years as CEO and I know that under John's leadership the company will continue to thrive. Congratulations, John. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities.
John Larsen: Thank you, Pat. My thanks as well for your thoughtful leadership and the strong relationships you have developed across our company, industry and investor community. We wish you all the best as you transition into a well-deserved retirement. Good morning everyone. 2018 was a solid year for Alliant Energy, both financially and operationally. Pat provided a great overview of our key accomplishments. I'll focus my comments on key operational achievements, and Robert will address financial outcomes and regulatory matters. I'm pleased to report that our investments in renewables, natural gas and grid operations are resulting in improved reliability and lower carbon intensity. Our fossil fuel generation capacity factors and grid reliability improved by nearly 10% compared to our five-year average. And most importantly, our 2018, safety performance improved significantly compared to the previous year. Our focus will be to continue making the necessary investments to deliver safe, reliable and cleaner energy to our customers. We began the transition of our generation portfolio to a greener and more efficient fleet nearly a decade ago. This transition started with the retirements of our smaller, less efficient fossil fuel generation stations and the start of our utility-owned wind additions. In 2016, The Iowa Utility Board approved the first 500 of our 1,000 megawatt planned wind additions in Iowa and in 2018, the remaining 500 megawatts was approved. Of the 1,000 megawatts of approved new Iowa wind, we are on track to bring 470 megawatts into service next month, and the remaining 530 megawatts in 2020. In Wisconsin, we're making great progress on our 730 megawatt West Riverside Energy Center. This highly efficient natural gas resource is over 70% complete and expected to go into service by the end of this year. In 2018, we advanced renewable energy in Wisconsin with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approval to purchase 55 megawatts of the Forward Energy Wind Center and the approval to construct a 150 megawatt wind farm in Kossuth County, Iowa. We continue to power what's next as we advance our clean energy vision. In 2018, we installed environmental controls at two generating stations, retired 480 megawatts of capacity and advanced decommissioning efforts at four facilities in our Iowa business. We now have permanently retired approximately 30% of our fossil fuel generation capacity since 2005, and by 2050, we will eliminate all existing coal from our energy mix. Once facilities are decommissioned, we are restoring and redeveloping the land. Rain gardens, pollinator habitats and sites for solar panels are just some of the ways that we are sustainably reusing our assets. A great example of this is in Beloit, Wisconsin. This year Beloit College will open their Powerhouse facility. The college is repurposing our decommissioned Blackhawk Generating Station into a state-of-the-art student center. These are just a few examples of how we are putting our core value of act for tomorrow into practice. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. As we close out National Engineers Week, I would like to begin my remarks by taking a moment to recognize Pat, John, and the more than 350 other engineers at Alliant Energy for their contributions to our company's past, present and future success. Alliant Energy engineers have been at the center of virtually every major project at our company and their skills and expertise, enables us to improve the lives of our customers. Thank you. Yesterday, we announced 2018 non-GAAP earnings of $2.17 per share, compared to $1.93 per share in 2017. The key drivers for the $0.24 increase were higher margins from increasing rate base, the net temperature impact on retail electric and gas sales, and higher allowance for funds used during construction. These items were partially offset by higher depreciation expense. We have provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the year on slides three and four. In 2018, temperatures in our service territory increased Alliant Energy's retail, electric and gas margin by approximately $0.11 per share. Due to WPL's earning sharing mechanism, we’ve reserved the higher margins resulting from the temperature impacts at WPL and will give those back to our Wisconsin retail customers in the future. In addition, Alliant Energy's performance pay is based on earnings. As a result, a portion of the higher earnings from the temperature impacts will be offset by higher performance pay expense. Therefore, the 2018 temperature impacts, net of reserves for WPL's earnings sharing mechanism and additional performance pay expense are estimated to be a $0.06 per share increase in earnings. Our consolidated 2019, earnings guidance range continues to be $2.17 per share to $2.31 per share. I will walk from the midpoint of the 2018, non-GAAP temperature normalized EPS to the midpoint of the 2019 earnings guidance range, as shown on slide five. The key drivers of the 6% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including WPL's West Riverside Energy Center and our wind expansion program in Iowa. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2019, and will be reflected in IPL's electric interim rates, following our retail electric rate filing next month. Slide six, has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities in our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of a 11% for 2019. We continue to focus on controlling costs for our customers. In Wisconsin, we created the electric and gas customer bills by approximately $40 million in 2018, for current year tax savings generated by Federal Tax Reform. Going forward, we expect to hold electric and gas base rates flat for the next two years, by using fuel savings and excess deferred taxes resulting from Federal Tax Reform to offset the cost of utility investments, including, bringing our new, highly efficient West Riverside Energy Center, into service at the end of this year. We have made significant progress for our Iowa customers as well. In 2018, we generated almost $50 million of tax savings from Federal Tax Reform that we're giving to our electric and gas customers. We also negotiated reduced transportation rates for coal deliveries, lowered energy efficiency charges beginning in 2019 and advocated for a lower independent adder charge by our transmission service provider, all helping reduce expenses for our customers. In December, 2018, the Iowa Utilities Board approved the agreement to terminate the Duane Arnold Energy Center purchase power agreement with NextEra early, which will begin saving our customers' money in 2021. Lastly, as we bring on into service our planned wind projects in 2019 and 2020, we expect production tax credits and lower fuel expenses to largely offset the impact of increases in rate base from these wind projects. Moving to our financing plans, our 2019, plan remains unchanged from the plan we shared last November, including issuing up to $400 million of new common equity. $370 million of this equity was price to equity forward agreements executed in December 2018. We expect to settle those equity forward agreements over the next six months to fund capital expenditures for our two utilities. The remaining $25 million will be issued ratably during 2019, through our Shareholder Direct program. In 2019, we also plan to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at IPL and up to $400 million of long-term debt at WPL. The 2019, financing plan is driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for our utilities. Regulatory decisions on delivering tax reform benefits to our customers, and the approved increase in WPL's common equity percentage by the PSCW. These 2019, financing plans, support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities, consistent with their most recent regulatory decision. We will adjust the financing plan if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives note on slide seven. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our operational and financial goals for 2019. We very much appreciate your continued interest in our company. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up all of the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within one hour timeframe for today's call. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Nick Campanella: Hey, it's Nick Campanella on for Julian, today. How are you?
Patricia Kampling: Hello. Good morning, Nick. How, are you?
John Larsen: Good morning.
Nick Campanella: Good morning. So for the upcoming test year at IPL, I think, it's been pretty well-telegraphed that you want to go after higher equity layers. Could you just kind of give us a sense of what's assumed in your - in your long-term 5% to 7% EPS guidance in terms of equity layers at IPL? I'm just trying to get a sense of how incremental it would be to your base plan?
Robert Durian: Yes, Nick, this is Robert. So, as you probably recall, when we filed the gas case for test year 2017 in Iowa, and we requested a higher equity layer and received through a settlement agreement approval from the IUB to raise that up to 51%. So I would use that as a long-term projection for the 5% to 7% EPS growth.
Nick Campanella: Got it. And then as we kind of think about equity post 2020, if we assume the CapEx program remains constant, as it stands today, is it safe to say that there is no more equity needs after your 2020 period?
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, based on the capital expenditure program that we shared with the investment community back in November, with the exception of some small amounts to the share redirect plan, which usually average about $25 million a year. We're not expecting any major equity beyond 2020.
Nick Campanella: Thanks very much. And Pat, congrats on your retirement announcement, and John, congrats as well. Looking forward to working together. Thank you.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Nick.
John Larsen: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning. I want to echo the congratulations to Pat and John as well.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Andrew.
John Larsen: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: If I may, just to clarify the last comments you made there, you were talking about equity beyond 2020, but you haven't yet addressed what the 2020 need will look like. Is that right?
John Larsen: That is correct, Andrew, yes. Consistent with our previous communications, we plan on providing investors the 2020 equity amount in the second half of this year. After we have some more insight into the IPL capital structure for 2012, that will be decided in the upcoming rate filing.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Got it. Just wanted to clarify that. My other clarifying question is the Duane Arnold, early termination was approved, as you mentioned. Should we expect the treatment to look how you were hoping it would look with the November update? In other words, the $110 million will not be in the CapEx plan, but it's a regulatory asset and therefore would be in rate base?
John Larsen: That is correct, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, terrific. Then lastly, the more kind of high-level question I want to ask. I understand, there's some conversations in Iowa about potentially changing the pace and style of rate case filings, if you will. And I don't mean the hybrid case that you've been pretty clear on for this year. I'm talking more about the idea of potentially combining electric and gas or potentially going in - and more of a regular two year schedule like you have in Wisconsin. Is there any feedback you're able to share at this point? I know, it's preliminary, but is that something that you think is likely to happen going forward?
Patricia Kampling: Yes, I'll answer that one. At a high level, we're still working with the regulators in Iowa on what the rate cases should look like going forward. This future test year, the one that we'll be filing next week is really the first case that will be using these new guidelines. So we'll be talking with them. One of the things they did do in our case is, they do want electric and gas to be filed separately, although the procedure will be the same. So we're just working on this case and let's see what it can look like going forward. So good discussions happening in the state.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. I guess I need to be a bit more patient. Thank you, everyone.
Patricia Kampling: Yes, sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Congratulations as well. So two questions, so one is, I understand that your CapEx plan was heavy or somewhat front-end loaded given expiring subsidies for wind, how do you think, about solar - given the drop in the solar panel prices and that was seem to be - seeing a shift in utility CapEx to solar versus wind. So is it possible that we're going to see meaningful increases in your CapEx plan beyond 2020, driven by solar CapEx?
John Larsen: Yes. Hi, Angie, this is John. We certainly continue to look at solar as opportunities for our customers and when that makes sense. That will certainly play into our resource mix. So just like we had with our early wind developments, we are in solar development phase right now, taking a look at opportunities. So we'll continue to look at that and we're encouraged by the dropping in pricing.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. But you would not consider commercial renewable investments, something that we've seen at other regulated utilities? Meaning outside of the rate base?
John Larsen: Yes. This time our primary focus would be solar that would make sense in our ongoing resource planning.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my other question is, I remember, we talked about how high transmission costs insulate bills of your IPL customers. So is there a solution there, i.e. I mean, given what's happening with the data about transmission ROEs at FERC or maybe some more focused on distributed generation, is there a way to somewhat alleviate this impact on the customer bills?
Robert Durian: Hi, Angie, this is Robert. So-yes, I would say we're actively involved with the FERC filing. We've provided comments to that filing and our interested in answering the appropriate levels of ROE, given that does have a direct impact on our customer bills. So you should expect us to be very involved in that process and look forward to get into a good resolution with the FERC at some point here in the future.
Patricia Kampling: And Angie, we have constant dialogue with our transmission provider in Iowa, as well just to make sure that our planning assumptions are aligned and we prioritize the work together. So there is ongoing dialogue in Iowa on the work that's being done as well.
Angie Storozynski: But I was asking more from the perspective of you could at least avoid future transmission cost and transmission CapEx by developing community solar platforms, something to that extent, but actually would accrue more to your rate base and would be probably beneficial for the customers?
John Larsen: Yes. Angie, this is John. Certainly taking a look at those options where we can have lower cost installations by either avoiding some of the transmission costs or placing that in locations where the transmission element is smaller. It obviously puts us toward the lowest cost solution for our customers. So we continue to look at those options.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. But those are not yet reflected in your CapEx plan, is that fair?
John Larsen: Correct.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 1st, 2019, at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and pin 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors Section of our company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy. And feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Manager, IR Patricia Kampling - Chairman & CEO John Larsen - President Robert Durian - SVP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Investor Relations Manager at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Larsen, President; and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat, John and Robert, we will take time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results, updated our 2018 earnings guidance range and announced the 2019 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. We also provided our annual capital expenditure plan through 2022 and our current estimated total CapEx for 2023 through 2027. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and non-GAAP measures are provided in our earnings release and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we continue to deliver solid financial and operational results. Third quarter did benefit from higher sales through the warmer weather -- the warmer than normal temperatures we enjoyed. On a year-to-date basis, our earnings per share of $1.83 included $0.05 benefit from temperature. Therefore, we are updating our earnings guidance range to $2.13 to $2.19 per share with the new midpoint of $2.16, $0.05 higher than our original guidance for the year. Based on our forecast, 2018 will mark the sixth year in a row that we've achieved at least 5% to 7% earnings per share growth. Robert will provide more details on quarterly results later on the call. Now, let's focus on 2019. The midpoint of our earnings guidance range is $2.24 per share, which is a 6% increase to our forecast of 2018 temperature-normalized non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.11 as shown on Slide 2. This is consistent with our long-term earnings growth objective of 5% to 7% per year through 2022. Additionally, you'll be pleased to know that our Board of Directors has approved a 6% increase of our targeted 2019 annual common stock dividend to $1.42 per share, consistent with our targeted dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of earnings. We also issued our 2018 to 2022 capital expenditure plan totaling $7 billion as shown on Slide 3. For your convenience, we provided a walk from the previous capital plan to our current plan on Slide 4. Gas and electric distribution spend did increase in all the years. I would like to point out that the gas distribution CapEx increase of $155 million in 2020 is driven mostly by several anticipated gas expansion projects in Wisconsin. The $205 million decrease in renewables in 2019 was driven mostly by revisions and the timing of our wind expansion spend since we now have finalized our in-service dates for each project. Also, we now assume that the transmission upgrade at the wind farms will be the responsibility of the transmission operators and therefore reduce CapEx for these projects. In the press release, you will notice that we also mentioned that our capital expenditure plan for 2023 through 2027 is currently $5.7 billion, making a 10-year plan total of $12.7 billion. Over 1/2 of our 10-year CapEx plan is for investments in electric and gas distribution systems. These investments will expand automation, standardize voltages and increase underground distribution to make the grid more resilient and improve delivery to customers. We are also working closely with several of our communities to expand our systems in anticipation of economic development opportunities they are pursuing. And speaking of our communities, mother nature was kind to many areas across our service territories during the third quarter. Several of our communities are still being impacted by the devastation caused by tornadoes and major flooding. Marshalltown, Iowa continues the rebuilding process after an EF-3 tornado caused catastrophic damage in July. And in Wisconsin, dozens of homes and businesses suffered major damage during the severe flood that occurred in August and September. This was a challenging summer for many and it has taken an incredible effort by our employees to safely restore service and to generously assist our customers and communities with their time and financial assistance. And last month, we filed a settlement with the Iowa Utilities Board regarding our agreement with NextEra Energy to shorten the term of the purchase power agreement for the Duane Arnold Energy Center by 5 years with the new expiration date at the end of 2020. As we shared with you last quarter, beginning in 2021, our customers will save approximately $60 million annually. This agreement also includes 4 new PPAs from NextEra, which will increase our wind energy in Iowa. With this additional wind, we estimate renewables will make up over 40% of our Iowa energy mix in 2021. The agreement includes recovery of a onetime $110 million buyout payment to NextEra in 2020, including earning return on the payment at our weighted average cost of capital. We have not included this payment in our capital expenditure plan since it would be recorded as a regulatory asset. We expect the Iowa Utilities Board decision on this settlement agreement before year-end. Before I conclude my remarks, I do want to comment on the midterm elections. First, they are over and we can all go back to watching TV and answering the phones. I would also assume that your recycle mail pile will now be much smaller. But seriously, we work hard to have good relationships with all elected officials, community leaders, regulators and customers no matter what party is in the lead. We look forward to working with Iowa Governor Reynolds and Wisconsin Governor-elect Evers. We will continue to support policies that serve our customers and our company well. And with Veterans Day just a week away, I'd like to take a moment and pay tribute to the approximately 400 powered veterans that work here at Alliant Energy and to those veterans that are on the call with us today. I also want to extend my thanks and appreciation to the military families for everything they do while their loved ones are away from home. And a special happy birthday shout-out to the U.S. Marine Corps.  I'm excited about our accomplishments so far this year and we look forward to achieving our goals for 2019. Our team will continue focusing on the following: Complete our large construction projects on time and at/or below budget in a very sustainable and safe manner; advance cleaner energy through additional fossil plant retirements, construction of West Riverside Energy Center and substantial investments in wind energy; deliver on 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target; and we'll continue manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. With that, I turn the call over to John to provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities.
John Larsen: Thank you, Pat. Good morning, everyone. As Pat mentioned, we experienced warmer than normal temperatures in the third quarter. I'm pleased to report that our generating fleet operated very well, responding to the increased demand for energy. The year-to-date capacity factors at our combined cycle gas facilities have been over 55%. Efficient and responsive gas generation is a great market participant as well as a great complement for existing and future wind resources. We continue to make great progress on our generation transformation. At the end of September, Unit 4 at our Edgewater generating station was retired. This unit was a 351-megawatt coal-fired generator, which was placed in service in 1969. I want to take this opportunity to thank all of the dedicated employees who operated and maintained this unit, providing nearly 50 years of reliable power for our Wisconsin customers. Retiring this unit was another step in our planned energy transformation to focus on customer cost, carbon reduction and advancing clean energy solutions. With the retirement of Edgewater 4, we have now retired or converted approximately 50% of our 2010 coal-fired generation capacity. A key part of our generation transformation includes adding efficient natural gas and renewable energy. In Wisconsin, we're making great progress on our 730-megawatt West Riverside Energy Center. This highly efficient natural gas resource is over 50% complete and is expected to go into service by the end of 2019. We are also advancing renewable energy with our proposed 150-megawatt Kossuth County wind project. We anticipate a decision on this wind resource in the first quarter of 2019. These 2 resource additions will replace the power from the Wisconsin coal facilities retired to-date and help advance clean energy for our Wisconsin customers. Moving on to Iowa generation investments. We are making great progress in our plans to add 1,000 megawatts of wind generation. The new wind will be placed into service in 2 phases. The first phase totals 470 megawatts and will be in service during the first quarter of 2019. This phase has 2 projects: The 300-megawatt Upland Prairie project and the 170-megawatt English Farms project. Both projects are on schedule and on budget. The remaining 530 megawatts of wind is expected to be in play -- to be placed in service in 2020. We believe our generation investments encourage economic development and job creation while meeting customer expectations for cleaner energy. We continue to work with state and local agencies to encourage further economic growth in our service territory. Last month, we celebrated as our Big Cedar Industrial Park became the first site in Iowa to receive the mega site certification. This 1,300-acre site located near Cedar Rapids, Iowa has multimodal transportation options, including air, rail and highway access. In addition, Alliant Energy's nonregulated transportation division, AET, is developing a 75-acre logistics park adjacent to Big Cedar, offering a multitude of supply chain, transportation and logistic services. AET has also recently announced plans to acquire Hybrid Transit Systems, a freight management services company based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Along with Big Cedar Industrial Park in Cedar Rapids, our company has also economic -- also has economic growth sites in Ames and Ottumwa, Iowa and Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced third quarter non-GAAP earnings of $0.85 per share compared to $0.75 per share in the third quarter of 2017. The key drivers for the $0.10 increase were higher electric sales caused by warmer temperatures and higher electric and gas margins from increasing rate base. We provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on Slides 5 and 6. For the first 9 months of 2018, temperatures in our service territory have increased Alliant Energy's retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.09 per share. Due to WPL's earnings sharing mechanism, we currently expect the majority of the higher margins resulting from the temperature impacts at -- or sorry, WPL will be given back to our Wisconsin retail customers. In addition, Alliant Energy's performance base is based on earnings. As a result, a portion of the higher earnings resulting from the temperature impacts will be offset by higher performance pay expense. Therefore, the year-to-date temperature impacts, net of reserves for WPL's earnings sharing mechanism and additional performance pay expense, are estimated to be a $0.05 per share increase in earnings. As Pat mentioned, last night, we issued our consolidated 2019 earnings guidance range of $2.17 to $2.31 per share. A walk from the midpoint of the 2018 non-GAAP temperature-normalized EPS range to the midpoint of the 2019 earnings guidance range is shown on Slide 7. The key drivers of the 6% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business, including WPL's West Riverside Energy Center and IPL's wind expansion program. These investments were reflected in WPL's approved electric rates for 2019 and will be reflected in IPL's interim rates, following our anticipated retail electric rate filing early next year. We are forecasting IPL's interim electric base rate will go into effect in the second quarter of 2019. The 2019 guidance range assumes a 1.5% growth in electric sales when compared to temperature-normalized sales for 2018. We are forecasting most of this sales growth from commercial and industrial customers in our Wisconsin service territory. Slide 8 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our 2 utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 10% for 2018 and 9% for 2019. We continue to focus on controlling costs for our customers. We are currently delivering the 2018 savings from Federal Tax Reform to our customers in both Iowa and Wisconsin. In Wisconsin, we will also hold electric and gas base rates flat for the next 2 years by using fuel savings and excess deferred taxes from Federal Tax Reform to offset the cost of utility investments, including bringing our new highly efficient West Riverside Energy Center into service in late 2019. We have made significant progress for our Iowa customers as well. We have recently renegotiated to reduce transportation rates for coal deliveries, lowered energy efficiency spend beginning in 2019 and, earlier this month, FERC issued an order to lower the independent adder that our transmission service providers allowed, thereby reducing expenses for our customers. Last quarter, we also shared with you that we entered an agreement to shorten the Duane Arnold Energy Center purchase power agreement with NextEra and add 340 megawatts of new wind PPAs, which will begin saving our customers money in 2021. Lastly, as we bring our planned wind projects into service, lower fuel expenses and production tax credits for our Iowa customers will largely offset the impacts of increases in renewables rate base. Moving to our financing plans, which have been summarized on Slide 9. We have completed our key financings for 2018 with the issuance of a $500 million Green Bond at IPL in September to finance wind and solar generation projects in Iowa. As we look to 2019, our financing plan includes issuing up to $400 million of new common equity, up to $600 million of long-term debt at IPL and up to $400 million of long-term debt at WPL. This 2019 financing plan is driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for the utilities, regulatory decisions on delivering tax reform benefits to our customers and the recently approved increase in WPL's common equity percentage by the PSCW. This 2019 financing plan supports our objective of maintaining capital structures at our 2 utilities, consistent with their most recent regulatory decisions. We will adjust the financing plan if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives of note on Slide 10. Our regulators have issued several constructive decisions so far this year that support our wind expansion programs and authorized us to provide our customers 2018 Federal Tax Reform benefits with billing credits. Also, since last quarter, we filed settlement agreements in both the DAEC PPA docket and the IPL test year 2017 retail gas rate review. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our operational and financial results. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference next week. Later today, we expect to post on our website the EEI investor presentation and November 2018 fact book, which details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures through 2022 as well as provide updated rate base and construction work in progress estimates. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So a few different things. First, just in terms of equity needs to correspond with the latest capital plan, wanted to come back to potential equity layer thickness. Obviously, you've got a 51% success in Iowa gas. If you had a similar equity layer at Iowa electric, can you quantify the equity injection needed and kind of how you think about the total quantity of equity needed across the new capital plan and any layer changes?
Robert Durian: Yes. So Julien, yes, right now, as you indicated, we've got a settlement agreement for the gas portion of the business in Iowa that we're awaiting the Iowa Utility Board decision on. We're pretty optimistic that they'll approve that settlement given it's a unanimous settlement. And in that, it had a 51% common equity layer. We will be pursuing a similar layer for common equity with the IPL electric case, which will be filed most likely sometime in the first quarter of 2019. And we'll likely get a decision, hopefully, by the end of 2019 or early 2020. As far as the amount of additional equity needed to finance that, if we raised the common equity ratio by a couple hundred basis points, it's probably close to $50 million of additional equity that we'll need to be able to finance that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then turning to the '19 guide, can you talk a little bit more about the corporate and other segment? I'm just curious what's moved around there because obviously you have other businesses that contribute earnings historically to that. So is it a shift there or is it just cost? I'm curious.
Robert Durian: There's probably two primary drivers. I think what you're looking at is the revised guidance for 2018 is pretty flat as far as earnings for that business unit whereas the guidance that we put in the earnings release is, I think, a $0.06 to $0.08 loss range. Really, probably 2 primary things I'd point out there. One is additional interest expense. As a reminder, we went through and refinanced several different debt issuances on our nonutility side of the business in 2018 and that is going to require additional interest expense in 2019 once we get the full year impact of that. And then we also saw some additional tax benefits in the first quarter of 2018 related to our Great Western wind project that we won't see in 2019. But generally speaking, all the other businesses are performing as expected and pretty consistent with 2018.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then final one here just on the renewable project and the pushout of cap -- or maybe not pushout, but the reduction in 2019 for renewables. Can you elaborate a little bit more in that change? I mean, it seems like the bulk of it was tied to who's responsible for transmission interconnection and upgrade costs. Can you elaborate? Is it more of a policy? Was that more discrete-specific projects that you're working on? Any commentary?
Robert Durian: Yes. Of that amount that's in 2019, I think roughly $60 million of it was related to the fact that we've reduced our capital expenditure plans for the belief that the transmission providers will now be able to fund that on their own. That was based on the FERC decision that came out in the third quarter and so that's why we revised the capital expenditure guidance. The vast majority though of the rest of the difference there is just moving the dollars around between years just based on finalizing the expected timing of the in-service dates for the various different wind projects. As John indicated in his presentation, we've got about 470 megawatts that we're expecting to get into service in the first quarter of 2019 and the remaining 530 megawatts for Iowa sometime in the 2020 time frame, so just finalizing those timing moved around the CapEx dollars a little bit.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our next question from Andrew Wiesel from Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel: First, I wanted to ask if you can elaborate a little bit on the IPL rate case in 2019? You indicated in your regulatory slide that it will be both historical test year and one or more future forecasted test periods. What might that look like? Will it be sort of one combined hybrid filing? Could it be 2 or more simultaneous filings? And what -- which expenses might be included in those forecasted periods?
Robert Durian: Yes. So right now, the plan would be to file a test year 2018 historical filing with all of the rate base additions up through the end of the first quarter and that would incur or include all of the rate base additions for really the first half of the wind expansion programs, so think of that as the 470 megawatts of wind projects that we're expecting to put into service in the first quarter of 2019. Concurrently with that filing, we would filing -- be filing a forward-looking test period of either 1 or 2 years. It will either include 2020 and/or 2021. And that second one would likely include the 530 megawatts of wind projects that we're proposing to put into service in 2020. Those are, by far, the biggest drivers for the 2 portions of the cases there, but think of those as probably being filed concurrently. We're still finalizing some of the rules as it relates to the forward-looking test periods in Iowa, given that's just a recent legislative change that happened in May. But that's, generally speaking, what we're planning right now.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Then, on the equity, I know you haven't gotten specific on needs in 2020 and beyond, but given what you talked about with the higher CapEx level as well as your answer to the last question about equity ratios, qualitatively, should we think of it as being similar to the '19 or somewhere lower than that, given the drop-off in CapEx? Just sort of directionally, any related thoughts?
Robert Durian: Yes. We have not indicated any information as far as the 2020 equity layers. We'll most likely have better information for you sometime towards the end of 2019. Really, your observations are correct. We are seeing additional capital expenditures in 2020 based on the latest CapEx update, but we are also targeting a higher equity layer in IPL that's going to require some additional equity. We also have the Duane Arnold PPA buyout that we're expecting to get a decision on soon that would require us to fund about $110 million of a payout in late 2020 that would drive some of our equity needs in 2020. So those are all the key factors that we'll make a decision on most likely sometime in the second half of 2019 and share that with you guys at that time.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Good. Then, on the distribution CapEx, some nice increases for both businesses. Can you describe a little bit more what drove those positive increases, particularly in 2020?
Patricia Kampling: Yes, sure. I'll take that, Andrew. We're actually looking at really cost-effective ways to serve customers better. And as you put more automation on our systems, underground systems and actually standardize voltages, we're just finding out that these are really good economic investments to serve customers. So as we evaluate other alternatives for the distribution system, we'll be adjusting the CapEx as well, but we've got a really good plan right now and still really confident going forward accelerating some of the investments.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Sounds good. Then one last one. I realize I'm asking a bunch here, but any latest thoughts on the latest FERC decisions on allowed transmission ROEs and adders and can you remind us your sensitivity to the ROEs there?
Robert Durian: Yes. I'll take that one, Andrew. Just as to thinking about this from two perspectives, one is from a customer cost perspective. Obviously, the transmission service costs are part of the billings that we make to our customers in both jurisdictions. The independents adder recent reduction from ITC based on the FERC decision will help our customer billings in Iowa. But then the other side of it is the earnings impact from our ATC investment. Right now, we've got built into our models a base ROE of 9.7% with a 50 basis point adder at ATC for 2019's earnings. As a reminder, it's not a significant impact on our earnings profile for 2019. So I wouldn't expect that to have a real material impact unless there's something significantly different from that, but generally speaking, it's right around 10.2% is what we've got built into the forecast.
Patricia Kampling: And Andrew, the reason that we challenged the independents adder was that our transmission provider in Iowa we don't consider independent anymore now that they have a new owner. So that's why we went through that process to have FERC decide that, which they did relatively quickly.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 14, 2018 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and pin 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Durian - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer John Larsen - President
Analysts: Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Weisel - Scotia Howard Weil
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Larsen, President; and Robert Durian, Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat, John and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter financial results and reaffirmed the consolidated 2018 earnings guidance issued in November 2017. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our Web site at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our Web site at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks Lu, and good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm first going to give you the headlines of the quarter and then discuss a few recent events. After my remarks John will provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities. And then, Robert will provide details on our financial results and highlights of our regulatory schedule. So, for the headlines. First, we achieved another solid quarter of performance including benefits from weather. Second, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance range and based on our year-to-date results, we are trending towards the top half of the range. Third, we announced our financing plans for 2019, which includes issuing up to $400 million of new common equity. And fourth, things are really busy here, but everything is going well. Let me now speak to some recent events. On Thursday, July 19, an AF-3 tornado tore through Marshalltown, Iowa causing catastrophic damage to the downtown business district and many homes and businesses around it. Needless to say that most of this town's 27,000 residents with damaged homes and businesses without electric and gas service. It was a true miracle that no one was killed or seriously injured. We were so thankful that our Marshalltown generating station operations center and training center were not damaged. So our employees were able to immediately begin their restoration efforts. But, the sheer dedication and determination of our talented teams, they replace 200 poles, strove many miles of wires and restored power to over 10,000 electric customers and released 5000 homes in under a week. The local support of our crews has been tremendous. We greatly appreciate the patience of our customers especially as they are dealing with their own damage. We are working closely with our customers and the various agencies in Marshalltown to help the area recover as soon as possible. The total cost of our restoration efforts will not have a material impact on our third quarter results. And last week, we announced our agreement with NextEra Energy to shorten the term for the purchase power agreement for the Duane Arnold Energy Center by five years with the new expiration date at the end of 2020. Details of this agreement can be found on Slide 2. The savings will flow back to customers and they are significant. Starting in 2021 customers will save approximately $40 million annually which translates to a $42 per year reduction in a typical residential customers' bill. This agreement not only allows us to pass these savings on to our Iowa customers, but it also includes four new PPAs from NextEra, increasing our wind energy in Iowa. It was important to us that we replace one emissions free resource with another. Including this additional wind, we estimate renewables will make up over 40% of our Iowa energy mix in 2021. Alliant Energy did initiate a docket with the Iowa Utilities Board requesting recovery of the one-time $110 million buyout payment to NextEra. The request includes earning a return on the payment at our weighted average cost of capital. We expect approval before year-end and based on our resource planning forecast this agreement does not increase our generation resource needs. And the last item I want to mention is that yesterday, we launched our 2018 corporate sustainability report on our Web site. This report reaffirms our commitment to provide economical energy in a sustainable manner and also shows our alignment with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. A few key items to note include, our plan includes retiring our remaining coal facilities by 2050, a reduction in our carbon emissions for our 2005 levels of 40% by 2030 and 80% by 2050. And renewables will be nearly a third of our total energy mix by 2030. I encourage you to review the report and see the progress we've already made for creating a better tomorrow for our customers, community and investors. I'm excited about our achievements so far this year. Our team will continue to focus on the following goals for our company in 2018. Completing large construction projects on time at or below budget and in a very sustainable and safe manner. Advancing cleaner energy through additional wind and additional fossil plant retirements, completion of the West Riverside Energy Center and substantial investments in wind energy, deliver on our 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target, and we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. With that, I will turn the call over to John, who will provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities.
John Larsen: Thanks Pat. Good morning everyone. Our results this quarter reflect increased earnings due to warmer than normal temperatures. I'm pleased to report that our generating fleet operated very well responding to the increased demand for energy. In the month of June, our Riverside and Marshalltown natural gas plants experienced capacity factors above 70%. And for the quarter, our generated energy was 45% higher than second quarter 2017. Higher margins due to increased generation, lowers the customer fuel costs, controlling customer cost is always top of mind. As we shared with you last quarter, the Iowa Utilities Board approved our request to construct 1000 megawatts of wind generation for our Iowa customers. Not only are we partnering with customers and communities despite this wind we are sourcing materials locally as well. We are progressing towards your plan to have 470 megawatts of wind generation placed in service in 2019. At our first site Upland Prairie Wind Farm in Clay and Dickenson counties powers have been delivered and construction is underway. The turbine blades are fabricated in Newton, Iowa. At our second site, English Farms and Poweshiek County, we anticipate power deliveries and started construction in the fourth quarter of this year. The towers for these two sites will be constructed in Newton, Iowa and Clinton, Illinois. Also we have finalized and announced the site selected for the remaining 530 megawatts of the approved wind, which are expected to be placed into service in 2020. We intend to provide additional renewable energy for our Wisconsin customers as well. In May we filed a plan with a Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to build a 150 megawatt wind farm in Kossuth County, Iowa, an area with consistently strong wind resources. We anticipate a decision from the Wisconsin Commission in the first quarter of 2019. This will allow us to put the wind farm in service by 2020 qualifying for 100% production tax credits, which will provide cost benefits for our Wisconsin customers. We're making solid progress on the construction of our West Riverside Energy Center in Beloit, Wisconsin. This 730 megawatt combined cycle natural gas facility is over 40% complete. It's on-time, on-budget and expected to be placed into service by the end of 2019. All major pieces of equipment are onsite and we have over 500 skilled workers safely constructing this highly efficient generating facility. The West Riverside facility is the main rate base addition in the WPL retail rate review settlement for 2019 and 2020 which was approved by the PSCW yesterday. Settlement details are provided on Slide 3. The settlement holds electric and gas customer rates flat through 2020. Our ability to hold customer base rate flat while bringing the West Riverside facility into service as a result of our success at controlling operational and fuel costs along with returning benefits from federal tax reform to our customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Yesterday we announced second quarter 2018 earnings of $0.43 per share compared to $0.41 for share in the second quarter of 2017. The key driver for the $0.02 increase was higher electric sales to residential and commercial customers caused by warmer than normal temperatures in May and June in the upper Midwest. Additionally, we are pleased by the strength of the industrial sales in the second quarter which grew 2% year-over-year. These sales increases were partially offset by the timing of income tax expenses and timing of cost incurred at our generating facilities in the second quarter. We provided additional details on our earnings variance drivers for the quarter on Slide 4 and 5. For the first half of 2018, temperatures in our service territory have increased Alliant line Energy's retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.07 per share. Due to WPL's earnings sharing mechanism we currently expect a majority of the higher margins resulting from temperature impacts at WPL will be given back to our Wisconsin customers. As a result, the year-to-date temperature impacts, net of a reserve for WPL earnings sharing mechanism are estimated to be a $0.05 per share increase in margins. With another quarter of solid earnings, we have reaffirmed our full year 2018 earnings guidance range of $2.04 per share to $2.18 per share. Due to the increased margins from temperatures in the first half of the year and assuming normal temperatures in our service territory for the remainder of the year, our full year earnings forecast is trending towards the top half of our earnings guidance range. Five, six has been provided to assist you in modeling this year's effective tax rates for Alliant Energy and our two utilities, including the impacts of federal and Iowa state tax reform and the tax benefit writers. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 12% for 2018. Moving to our financing plans, which we have summarized on Slide 7; our 2018 financings are progressing according to plan. During the second quarter, we completed the issuance of $1 billion of debt at Alliant Energy Finance and used the proceeds to retire $595 million of term loans maturing in 2018 and to reduce commercial paper borrowing. Through July, we have completed approximately 2/3rds of the $200 million of new common equity issuances planned for 2018. Lastly, we still plan to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at IPO later this year with $350 million being used to refinance maturing debt and the remainder to fund WPL's wind expansion program. As we look to 2019, our plan includes issuing up to $400 million of new common equity up to $500 million of long-term debt at IPO and up to $400 million of long-term debt at IPL. This 2019 financing plan is driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for the utilities, regulatory decisions on delivering tax reform benefits to our customers, and the recently approved increase in WPL's common equity percentage by the PSCW. These 2018 and 2019 financing plans support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities consistent with our most recent regulatory decisions. We will adjust the financing plans if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory dockets of note for 2018 on Slide 8. Our regulators have issued several constructive decisions so far this year that support our wind expansion program and authorized us to provide our customers 2018 tax reform benefits with billing credits. These recent regulatory decisions and regulatory filings are important components of our near-term operational and financial results. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you over the next several months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Nick.
Robert Durian: Good morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. So, I was just curious, can you give us an idea of where the $400 million of equity for '19 puts you in terms of your consolidated cap structure or the consolidated funded debt metrics?
Robert Durian: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question. And maybe to give just a little bit of background as to the '19 equity and what drove that at the $400 million level is a little precursor. So first off, there's really three key drivers for the new equity in 2019. First is the robust capital expenditure plans over the next couple of years led by the wind expansion program in Iowa and the West Riverside natural gas facilities Wisconsin. The recent IEB decision approving the second half of the 1000 megawatt wind expansion program at IPL's solidifies our deal for that 2019 equity to finance that wind expenditures. Second, our 2018 and 2019 financing plans have also been impacted by the regulatory decisions in the second quarter by our two state commissions authorizing billing credits for the customers for the federal tax reform benefits. We've decided not to adjust our 2018 equity plan to finance these lower cash flows, but instead catch up the equity components of these lower cash flows for 2018 and 2019 with the 2019 equity plan. And third, we've adjusted our 2019 equity plans based on the new capital structure at WPL that was approved by the PSCW yesterday. The new capital structure at WPL reflects a higher equity percentage and will issue a common equity in 2019 to achieve that higher equity percentage at WPL beginning in '19. So with the new equity in '19, we're still going to be within that 40% to 45% common equity ratio that we target at the consolidated level. And for the FFO to debt, we're probably in the mid-teens is how I would characterize it.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. Okay. And then with the capital program itself for the wind kind of scaling down probably more of a normal run rate here post the in-service dates. Is it safe to assume kind of minimal equity in 2020 onward or how would you kind of characterize your ongoing needs [ex-big] [ph] capital projects?
Robert Durian: Yes. So as we probably told you guys on the road, we're re-evaluating our capital expenditure plans beyond 2019 and we'll give you a better look at that when we get to the November meeting. And so I would say to be determined yet because it's still in flux. We are also pursuing higher equity layers in our Iowa regulatory capital structure and that decision most likely won't be until probably sometime in the 2019 or 2020 timeframe. So that's still yet to be determined. And finally, we have still decisions regarding the tax reform benefits beyond 2018 that need to be decided by our regulators. And so all three of those factors will likely need to be determined or factored into what we're going to do for future equity issuances. So you need to give us a little more time to sort through that and we'll give you some more information if not later this year sometime into 2019.
Nicholas Campanella: Awesome. Just one last question on the Iowa rate proceedings that are going to be coming up here. How do you think about forward versus backward looking test year there given the new legislation for Iowa?
Robert Durian: Yes. So the legislation has been passed in May. But we're still working through the procedures on how the filings will work for a future test period. That'll probably take it through maybe the end of this year into early next year. So we probably will have a better sense of that when we get closer to the next regulatory filing date which we're targeting right now to be probably sometime in early second quarter of 2019 with the first round of wind expansions that we're targeting.
Nicholas Campanella: That's it for me. Thank you so much.
Robert Durian: Thanks Nick.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Andrew.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Andrew Weisel: Firs, was probably going to be a quick question here. The corporate sustainability report, appreciate all the detail and some pretty ambitious targets at least through the next decade, is that consistent with the CapEx outlook that you previously planned or might we see changes in the near term relative to a plan through 2050?
Pat Kampling: No, that's a good question. Now what's consistent with our current capital plan and also our strategic plan that's been out there for the last couple of years, we just really firmed up our statements.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That's what I figured. Next question is on wind, how do you think about the potential for upgrades to the existing assets to get additional [PTC] [ph]. I believe that was part of the new Iowa legislation to get advanced rate making right?
John Larsen: Yes, I think. This is John. Certainly that's another part of the law that was passed back in May that the details are still being sorted out. But we do see that perhaps opportunity down the road for some wind up rates. But that's still really a work in progress for us.
Andrew Weisel: Is there a scenario where you'd be able to get that in time to qualify for the 100% or might be something more like one of the scaled down things for the following few years?
John Larsen: I think the latter.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, got it. Then one last one if I may on solar, obviously, you guys are much more focused on wind, some of your neighbors have been looking to jointly develop solar. Any thoughts on why maybe that didn't work out for you and your customers and sort of how you view solar as part of the plan going forward?
Pat Kampling: Sure, Andrew. We just had such a great opportunity with wind. We focused on that first. We're good at wind; we know how to do wind. So that was our top priority. There's definitely a role for solar. We do have several solar farms in our service territory already that we're -- I consider the more R&D for us. They're all slightly different and there's a picture of them in our investor deck, but that's something we're still evaluating as everybody needs to especially as the cost of solar technology declines.
Andrew Weisel: Appreciate the details.
Pat Kampling: Thanks Andrew. And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 10, 2018 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 417-5543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's Web site later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and CEO Robert Durian - Vice President, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Nicholas Campanella - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Durian, Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; and John Larsen, President; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter financial results and affirmed the consolidated 2018 earnings guidance issued in November 2017. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains references to non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thank you, Sue. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to share with you our first quarter 2018 results and updates on several of our key strategic priorities. After my remarks, Robert will provide details on our first quarter financial results and highlights of our regulatory schedule. We had a solid start to the year, with first quarter results in line with our expectations. Winter temperatures returned to normal, and higher margins in both our Wisconsin and Iowa utilities resulted in quarterly earnings of $0.52 per share, a $0.09 per share increase versus last year. With these results, we are well positioned to deliver on our 2018 earnings guidance range of $2.04 to $2.18 per share. I would also like to brief you on several developments on our strategy to deliver cleaner, cost-effective energy to our customers. The Iowa Utilities Board recently approved our additional 500 megawatts of wind generation, which brings our total approved wind generation to 1,000 megawatts. The advanced ratemaking principle for Iowa wind projects are included on Slide 2. As you can see, it was a very constructive order and our Iowa customers and communities will benefit from this expansion of clean, affordable energy. Construction is already underway at the Upland Prairie Wind Farm and later this year, we anticipate beginning construction at English Farm. These two sites total 470 megawatts and are expected to be in service in 2019. I would like to thank the welcoming communities that are collaborating so well with our project teams, as we work to minimize the disruptions that can come with any large scale construction project. We are finalizing site selection for the remaining 530 megawatts of the approved wind, which is expected to be placed in service in 2020. In Wisconsin, we completed the purchase of our 55 megawatt share of the Forward Wind Energy Center last month after receiving approvals from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and FERC. Our customers will benefit from lower costs, as we transition a 10-year-old wind farm from a Purchase Power Agreement to utility owned. This purchase was included in the capital expenditure plan we released in November, which calls for a total of 200 megawatts of additional wind investment for WPL customers. We are currently evaluating the different choices for additional wind generation for Wisconsin customers and anticipate making a regulatory filing later this quarter. Our plans to add up to 1,200 megawatts of new wind generation will more than double renewable energy for our customers, with approximately 30% of Alliant Energy's rated electric capacity coming from renewables by 2024. Wind energy brings many benefits, including annual lease payments to fund families and property tax payments that support the rural communities we have the privilege to serve. Our existing wind farms had strong performance in the first quarter, shaping an average capacity factor over 40%. Our new wind farms, we believe are more efficient, as we anticipate the energy production to be as much as 25% higher than our existing wind farms. We're also very pleased that last month, the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure awarded our Dubuque solar project, the first Envision Platinum rating for solar installation. This award recognizes our commitment to construct sustainable projects that highlight our environmental stewardship, our collaboration with local communities and that deliver cleaner, affordable energy to our customers. This is our second Envision Platinum Award. As you might recall that the Marshalltown combined cycle facility received the same award last year. We're making good progress on the construction of the West Riverside Energy Center in Beloit, Wisconsin. This 730 megawatt, combined cycle facility is approximately 30% complete. It is on time and on budget and is expected to be placed in service by early 2020. The combustion turbines and generators have been set on the foundation and all the major pieces of equipment are on the site. There are approximately 500 skilled workers employed on this project and they will remain there through this fall. As our industry evolves, the policies that govern the way we do business must also change. The Iowa legislation recently passed a bill, which includes updates to energy policy in Iowa. If signed by the Governor, the new law will increase regulatory efficiency, help Iowa families and businesses save money and provide more opportunities for business growth and job creation. Some of the provisions of the legislation include: an optional forward-looking test year to better align customer benefits with energy investments; statutory language providing for a transmission rider to promote regulatory efficiency; and an improved process for extending natural gas service to help grow Iowa's economy. We will continue to work with policymakers and other stakeholders for the benefit of our customers. I'm excited about our achievement so far this year. Our team will continue to focus on the following goals for our company for 2018; complete our large construction projects on time and at or below cost and in a very safe manner; continue our generation fuel transition, with traditional fossil plant retirements; advancing clear energy through the completion of the West Riverside Energy Center and our substantial investments in wind generation. Deliver on 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target and we'll continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. In closing, I invite you to participate in our first virtual only Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 17. We look forward to extended participation from our shareowners, since you can now join a meeting from any location through your computer or telephone. I hope you all can participate. Now I will turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2018 earnings of $0.52 per share compared to $0.43 per share in the first quarter of 2017. The key drivers for the $0.09 increase were higher electric and gas margins at our two utilities and increased customer demand caused by colder temperatures in our service territory compared to last winter. We provided additional details on our earnings variance drivers on Slides 3 and 4. Excluding temperature impacts, we saw relatively flat retail sales in our service territories in the first quarter. Slightly higher temperature normalized sales at IPL were offset by slightly lower temperature normalized sales at WPL year-over-year. The lower temperature normalized sales at WPL are primarily a result of two industrial customers experiencing unplanned outages in the first quarter, which we anticipate will be resolved by the third quarter of this year. In summary, first quarter 2018 earnings of $0.52 were consistent with our expectations. As a result, our consolidated earnings guidance of $2.04 to $2.18 per share remains unchanged for 2018. Slide 5 has been provided to assist you in modeling this year's effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC, including the impacts of tax reform and the tax benefit riders. We currently estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 12% for 2018. Also, note that our forecast for ATC earnings assumes an ROE of 10.2%, once the FERC's decision for the second MISO ROE complaint is issued, which is currently expected sometime during the second quarter of 2018. Turning to our financing plans. Our 2018 financing plan remains unchanged, including up to $200 million in new common equity, an additional long-term debt at IPL and Alliant Energy Finance. Consistent with this plan, Alliant Energy Finance issued a two-year term loan of $300 million last month. As a reminder, this is part of the total planned issue up to $1 billion of debt at Alliant Energy Finance this year. The remaining up to $700 million of debt will primarily be used to refinance $595 million of term loans that are coming due in the second half of the year. Our future financing plans continue to be driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for our utilities as well as future regulatory decisions on tax reform benefits beyond 2018 and proposed changes to the capital structures at our two utilities to maintain strong balance sheet. We currently expect to provide our 2019 financing plan as part of our second quarter earnings call in August. Lastly, we have included our regulatory dockets of note for 2018 on Slide 6. These recent regulatory decision and planned regulatory filings are important components of our 2018 operational and financial results. Last week, both the Iowa Utilities Board and the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin issued their decisions on how utilities will provide the 2018 federal tax reform benefits to their customers. For our Iowa retail customers, the annual savings due to lower federal taxes are expected be approximately $75 million for 2018, including tax-related savings from IPL's electric transmission providers. Our Iowa Retail electric customers will begin receiving these credits earlier this week, and our Iowa Retail gas consumers will receive the impacts of tax reform benefits with interim rates that we implemented later this month. Our Wisconsin retail customers are expected to receive approximately $45 million of credits on their bills for 2018, beginning in July. Both state commissions deferred the decision on the utilization of excess deferred taxes created by federal tax reform to future rate filings. Turning to our key regulatory filings for the remainder of 2018. IPL filed a test year 2017 retail gas rate review in Iowa yesterday. This filing requests recovery of investments in IPL's gas distribution system over the last six years to ensure continued reliability and safety of our system and to support economic development in our communities. A summary of the test year 2017 Iowa retail gas rate review filing and its proposed regulatory schedule may be found on Slide 7. In Wisconsin, we expect to file a 2019, 2020 test period electric and gas rate review later this quarter. This rate review will reflect recovery of new capital investments, including the West Riverside Generating Station. Additionally, we plan to include in our filing a proposal to use excess deferred tax benefits created by the federal tax reform to help stabilize customer rates over the next two years. Lastly, WPL plans to file a construction authority request for new wind generation for its Wisconsin customers later this quarter. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you over the next several months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Nicholas Campanella with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Campanella: So if you could discuss the legislation quickly and the implications to the forward plan. You guys have a very robust rate base growth CAGR, but there is still a wide delta between that and the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR. Obviously, some of that is driven from the equity issuance. And then as I understand it, the historic test year does drive lag at IPL. If you were to apply for test year to IPL, where would that put you within your 5% to 7% range?
Pat Kampling: Yes, Nick, and that's a good question. And a couple of other things that are included in that delta. Keep in mind, it's the AFUDC calculation as well. So we'll probably update that slide the next time we hit the road. But we still believe it will be in the 6% range. This whole legislation was really to help with some regulatory efficiencies, and it really wasn't intended at all to increase our earnings projections at all. So really just stick to the middle of our guidance range. This is really just an regulatory efficiencies that we're going to get out of this legislation.
Nicholas Campanella: And then just given it's an optional test year, do you have any idea of how the commission is positioned here?
Pat Kampling: No, that's some of the details we need to work out once the legislation is approved. So you know, the commission has been very proactive in the state as you're well aware. So we're fairly confident we'll get very solid rules on how to work with the forward-looking test year in the next few cases.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks so much. Congrats again.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 10, 2018 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 417-5543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliance Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's Year End 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Durian, Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; and John Larsen President, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's Year End and Fourth Quarter Financial Results and affirmed the consolidated 2018 earnings guidance issued in November 2017. The press release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our investor presentation, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us. 2017 was another excellent year for our company and I'm happy to share our financial results with you today. On slide two, you'll notice that our non-GAAP temperature normalized earnings of a $1.99 per share, a 6% higher than 2016's comparable number. Also, I'm reaffirming our 2018 earnings guidance midpoint of $2.11 per share and our long-term earnings growth guidance of 5% to 7%. Our forecasted long-term growth guidance through 2021 is supported by our capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth, constructive regulatory outcomes and assumes normal temperatures and was also re-based of the 2017 non-GAAP temperature normalized earnings of $1.99 per share. This was the fifth year in a row that we achieved at least 5% to 7% earnings per share growth and increased our dividend by at least 6%. Our robust capital plan during this time has helped us transition our generation fleet to and that achieve significant reductions in SOx, NOx, mercury and carbon, this made our grid stronger and more resilient. We began the transition of our generation fleet almost a decade ago with the retirements of our smaller, less efficient fossil fuel generating stations and the start of our utility owned wind additions. In 2017, we achieved some major milestones including a commercial operation of a 700 megawatt highly efficient natural gas-fired generating facility in Marshalltown Iowa. The start of construction of a similar unit at our West Riverside Energy Center in Beloit, Wisconsin and the announcement of our plant 1,200 megawatt wind addition. In 2016, the Iowa utility board approved the first 500 megawatts of our 1,000 megawatt plant wind additions. In 2017, we initiated an advanced rate making principal docket for the second 500 megawatt. We expect a ruling on our quest for the second 500 megawatts in the coming weeks. Construction will soon begin at our Upland Prairie Wind Farm and we are making progress and acquiring additional wind sites to serve our Iowa customers. Of the 1,000 megawatts we plan to build, our current forecast assumes 300 megawatts will be in service in 2019 and the remaining 700 megawatts will be placed in service in 2020. For our Wisconsin customers, we signed agreements with our neighboring utilities to purchase wind energies Forward Wind Energy Center. Customers and Investors should both benefit as we transfer this wind farm to an existing purchase power agreement to utility owned. This purchase has already been approved by the FERC and we anticipate closing the acquisition in the spring after receiving PSCW approval. This purchase is included in the capital expenditure plan we released in November, which calls for a total of 200 megawatt of additional wind investment for WPL. We continue to analyze options to construct additional wind for Wisconsin customers. Our goal is to make the regulatory filing in the first half of 2018, we would expect approval by the end of the year. Our plan to add up to 1200 megawatts of new wind generation will more than double renewable energy for our customers. We forecast that approximately 30% of Alliant Energy's rated electric capacity will be from renewable sources by 2024. We've taken major steps in the transformation on a historic past into a future with many new possibilities. We are closing Ash Pond at our coal plants and are starting turning those sites into beautiful ring gardens for productive pollinator habitats by incorporating native grasses and flowers. The largest sites have been designed to have solar panels installed on them in the future, and several of our retired coal plants have now been demolished so that the land can be restored and redeveloped for those communities. One very exciting project in Wisconsin involves the BlackRock generating station. Beloit College has recently purchased it and is repurposing the decommissioned century-old coal plant into a state-of-the-art student center called the powerhouse. There will be a showcase of sustainable design and is illustration of the transformation from the early 20th century into the digital age. As you are aware, we'll make decisions regarding the transition of our fuel sources, customer cost is always top of mind. We have seen the energy landscape change across the country where more cost renewables and cheaper and abundant natural gas had made some of the industries decades old traditional sources of energy uncompetitive. We find ourselves in that circumstance with the Duane Arnold nuclear plant in Iowa. The purchase power agreement from DAEC expires at the end of 2025 and it appears that there will be more competitive options for our customers. So last month Nextera announced on their earnings call that they believed it is unlikely that we will extend the current DAEC PPA. We are currently analyzing our capacity and energy needs post 2025, we'll look for the most competitive options to serve our customers. Before I turn the call over to Robert, I would like to mention that we have the privilege of serving customers in states that have proven track records of constructive regulation and support of legislation. As our industry revolves, the policies that govern the way we do business must also change. Iowa and Wisconsin are very focused on helping customers save money, while providing more opportunities for business growth and job-creation. We will continue to be proactive in our states to help shape energy policy, and advocate on behalf of our customers. In closing, I'm excited about our achievements in 2017. We'll focus on the following goals for our company in 2018, complete our large construction projects on time and at or below budget in a very safe manner, continue our generation fuel transition with additional power supply retirements and development of our wind generation and the West Riverside Energy Center, deliver on 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We will continue to manage the company to strike the balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy, and I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. Yesterday, we announced 2017 GAAP earnings of $1.99 per share, which include the impacts of the recent Tax Reform Legislation. Tax Reform resulted in $0.08 per share of non-recurring earnings due to re-measuring deferred tax associated with our non-utility operations and changes in valuation allowances for tax credit carry forwards. Our 2017 results also included $0.02 per share non-recurring charge for the write-down of regulatory assets as a result of the settlement of IPL's retail electric rate review. Excluding these two non-recurring impacts and the $0.06 per share negative impact from the normal temperatures in 2017, our non-GAAP normal temperatures normalized earnings were $1.99 per share, which were in line with our expectation. Please see the earnings walks provided on slides three, four and five of our supplemental slides for more details. Excluding the impacts of milder temperatures in 2017 and the impacts related to leap year in 2016, we saw a slightly positive sales growth in our service territories year-over-year. We continue to see sales growth from industrial customers, offset by lower usage by residential customers, largely due to energy efficiency effort. The recently enacted Tax Reform Legislation provides a unique and historic opportunity for the company to provide material benefits to customers in both the short and long run. We are working with our regulators on plans which provide our customers with near-term benefits from tax reform, while maintaining strong balance sheet. This will ensure our company continues to have access to capital at reasonable rates thereby reducing cost for our customers. We recently submitted proposals to our state regulators in Iowa and Wisconsin, which include a variety of options for customer benefits including customer billing credits, accelerated asset amortizations, deferral or avoidance of future rate cases and funding for future investments important to our customers. We have provided a summary of our proposals on slide six. Consistent with the rest of our industry, tax reform is expected to lower our cash flows from operations due to lower customer bills. As a result of the lower cash flows from operations, we expect to issue a mix of additional debt and equity in the future that allows us to maintain the capital structures authorized for IPL and WPL in their most recent rate review. The timing of these future financings will be dependent on future regulatory decisions on Tax Reform benefit. Our equity over the next couple of years will continue to be driven by our utilities robust capital expenditure plans including the wind expansion program and the construction of the West Riverside generating facility. We do not anticipate any changes to the 2018 financing plan we shared last November, which included up to $200 million of new common equity and additional long-term debt at IPL and Alliant Energy Finance. We've also updated our estimated future tax payments as a result of Tax Reform. Alliant Energy now does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2024 with additional tax payment reductions after 2024 due to wind investments included in our plan. These estimates are based on current federal net operating losses and credit carry forward position, as well as future amounts of accelerated depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next few years. Turning to this year's earnings guidance, our 2018 consolidated earnings guidance of $2.04 to $2.18 per share remains unchanged. The earnings guidance by reporting company and our walk between 2017 adjusted EPS and 2018 EPS guidance is on slide seven. Slide eight has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC, including the impacts of Tax Reform and the tax benefit riders for 2017 and 2018. We currently estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 12% for 2018. Also note that our 2018 earnings guidance assumes ATC Investment earnings and an ROE of 10.2% effective once FERC issues its decision on the second MISO ROE complaint, which is currently expected sometime during the first half of 2018. Lastly, we've included our regulatory targets of note for 2018 on slide nine. These current and planned regulatory filings are important components of our 2018 operational and financial result. In summary, our employees delivered solid financial and operational results for our customers and share owners in 2017. Key items of note include, the Marshalltown Generating Station completed on time and under budget and approved settlement in the IPL retail electric rate review, significant progress with the expansion of wind generation and cost controls for the benefit of our customers, while we delivered on our earnings commitment to share owners. We are looking forward to the opportunities ahead of us in 2018 and believe it will be another successful year for our customers, our share owners and our employees. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you next week at the upcoming conference. As always, we will make our Investor Relations materials used at the conference and supplemental materials available on our website. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Nick Campanella from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Congrats on a successful year.
Patricia Kampling: Good morning, Nick. How are you?
Nicholas Campanella: Good. How are you? I was just curious on your comments for additional equity. Could there be any changes to your consolidated cap structure, I think there was a targeted 40% to 45% ratio discussed on the 3Q call. So is there any changes to that?
Robert Durian: No, we're going to stay with that plan.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And I understand the dockets are ongoing, but is there kind of a base case number that we should be thinking about for '18 or '19 as things change there?
Patricia Kampling: You're talking about sort of rate review, I'm sorry, we don't understand your question.
Nicholas Campanella: I'm sorry. The tax reform dockets that are ongoing in your jurisdictions, and I know that the cash flow impacts will be dependent on how those cases play out, but is there kind of a base case on how to think about the equity number?
Robert Durian: Yeah, from an equity prospective, we're obviously sharing with you what we're doing in 2018 with no plan changes at this point. We were going to continue to evaluate what the regulatory decisions are. At this point, we're expecting a decision from both of the two major jurisdictions probably sometime in the second quarter following that, as well as any additional information we learn about our capital expenditure plan through the decision we're waiting for the wind plan. We'll probably have some information I would guess in a month or two to give you some more clarity as to what our equity needs look like beyond that at that frame.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. Thanks so much. See you next week.
Patricia Kampling: Bye Nick.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Andy Levy with Avon Capital Please go ahead.
Andrew Levy: How are you doing?
Patricia Kampling: Hi, Andy. How are you?
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Andrew Levy: I'm doing fine, thank you very much. The equity, when you will update us on that? I missed that.
Robert Durian: Probably sometime later this year, Andy. We obviously need some additional information regarding what the regulators are going to decide on the Tax Reform benefits from the timing and method which they are going to go back to the customers. And then also, we want to have more clarity on the capital expenditure plan which we're hoping to get here in the next few weeks regarding the second 500 megawatts of the wind in Iowa.
Patricia Kampling: But, Andy, we don't expect any changes for 2018 financing plan. This will be post 2018.
Andrew Levy: Right. And obviously we're in effective growth rate longer term as well?
Robert Durian: That is correct. Yeah, right now as we disclosed on slide six of the supplemental slides, we see some I would say modestly accretive impact of Tax Reform on our earnings, but not enough for us to change the 5% to 7% through 2021. And that's largely centered around, we do like most utilities we're going to see some additional rate base growth, but we also see some additional equity needs and therefore they offset each other.
Andrew Levy: Got it. And then the other question is, I noticed there was about a month ago, you guys changed your bylaws, could you just go over the thinking on that?
Patricia Kampling: Sure. What we did, Andy, was we redeemed our posion pill. We've been receiving some criticism on our governance scores over the last couple of years, because we still had a poison pill out there that was not approved by share owners and of course is not in favor. So that's what we did. We just redeemed the poison pill, just to get in line with other S&P 500 companies. We were an outlier on that one.
Andrew Levy: Okay. That was my question. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you.
Patricia Kampling: Good morning, Greg.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning. Two questions. One, what is it that you're looking to learn that would modify your CapEx plan with regard to Iowa wind decision? And then what is the process that you're looking at in Wisconsin to transfer the wind into the utility?
Patricia Kampling: Sure, so two questions. First, we just want to get the official RPU docket approved. So our CapEx plan assumes that will be approved, so that's our assumption. We'll expect to know, we believe in a couple of weeks. So we don't believe there is going to be any changes, we just want to make sure that's final before we communicate more on the financing plan post 2018. And the docket in Wisconsin for the - wind farm is actually in process. And we should expect approval of that in a couple of weeks. Bob, you want to add something?
Robert Durian: No.
Patricia Kampling: Did that answer your question?
Patricia Kampling: Yeah, I think it did, yep, appreciate it.
Patricia Kampling: Okay, okay.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 2, 2018 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and PIN 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor Section of our company's website later today. We all thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. We thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - President and CEO Robert Durian - VP and CFO
Analysts: Nicholas Campanella - Merrill Lynch Ashar Khan - Visium Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Greg Reiss - Millennium
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Robert Durian, Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community.  We issued a news release last night, announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter and year-to-date financial results. We updated our 2017 earnings guidance range and announced 2018 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com.  Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our investor presentation, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Yesterday, we issued a press release, which included third quarter and year-to-date financial results, updated our 2017 earnings guidance range and announced our 2018 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. It also provided our annual capital expenditure plan through 2021 and our current estimated total CapEx for 2022 through 2026.  Before the quarter, I am pleased to report that excessive mild temperatures, our results were according to plan. Like many others in the region, we experienced a very cool summer, which followed a very warm winter. This negatively impacted our year-to-date earnings by $0.06 per share. As in the past, this is the quarter that we update this year's earnings guidance to include the temperature impacts for the first nine months. So the new guidance is now -- has a midpoint of $1.93 per share, which is $0.06 per share lower than the midpoint of earnings guidance provided for 2017 last November. Robert will provide details for the quarter later in the call.  Let me now focus on 2018, which you will be pleased with. We announced a 6% increase in our targeted 2018 common dividend to $1.34 per share. We also announced a 6% increase of earnings guidance with a midpoint of $2.11 per share. As shown on slide 2, the 6% increase is based on temperature-normalized earnings for 2017 of $1.99 per share and not the revised 2017 guidance that includes this year's negative temperature impact. I also want to reaffirm that our long-term earnings growth objective remains at 5% to 7%, and our dividend payout ratio remains at 60% to 70% of consolidated earnings.  We also issued our 2017 to 2021 capital expenditure plan totaling $6.9 billion, as shown on slide 3. In addition, we provided a walk from the previous plan to our current plan on Slide 4. As you can see, the CapEx increase is driven mostly by the additional 300 megawatts of wind that we've been discussing with you. This increase was partially offset by lower maintenance expenditures in generation.  Our updated capital expenditure plan includes 1,200 megawatts of wind energy. Under current tax law, we expect all of the wind projects to qualify for the 100% federal production tax credits. Also, our CapEx plan includes additional lead beyond 2020, which we anticipate would be a combination of grid enhancements, solar and natural gas generation. And as energy technologies evolve, we will continue to evaluate our investment plans to best serve the needs of our customers. Approximately one half of our $11.9 billion, 10-year capital plan is for enhancing our electric and gas distribution systems, including smart meter deployment in Iowa.  Our customers and communities expect us to not only maintain a safe and highly reliable system, but now expect us to adapt to a system that is more interactive and dynamic. We continue to make exciting progress on the development of our wind expansion. Our existing utility wind portfolio includes owned wind farms of 568 megawatts, plus approximately 600 megawatts of renewable purchase power agreements. Our plans to reach 1,200 megawatts of new wind generation will more than double renewable energy for our customers. We forecast that almost 30% of Alliant Energy's rated electric capacity would be from renewable sources by 2024.  Let me now share with you some of the key activities underway to expand our energy resources. In August, we filed a new advanced rate-making principal application, or RPU, with Iowa Utilities Board to request approval for up to 500 megawatts of additional utility-owned wind. In the RPU, we requested the same return equity of 11% that was approved in the last proceeding. We also requested a cost cap of $1,780 per kilowatt including AFUDC and transmission, which is lower than the cost cap approved in the last proceeding. We expect approval in the first quarter of 2018.  In construction, we'll soon begin at our Upland Prairie Wind Farm. We are also making good progress on acquiring additional wind farms, which is all part of our 1,000-megawatt wind expansion in Iowa. Our forecast assumes that 300 megawatts will be in service in 2019, and the remaining 700 megawatts of wind will be placed in service in 2020.  Recently, we signed an agreement with We Energies to purchase a stake in the forward wind energy center, along with WPS and MG&E. We will file a joint application with the PSCW for the purchase of this Wisconsin wind farm before year-end. If approved, customers are expected to realize a savings from the transfer of this wind farm for an existing purchase power agreement to utility-owned. We anticipate closing in the spring of 2018, subject to regulatory approvals.  WPL's share of the facility will be 55 megawatts, with a purchase price of approximately $74 million. This purchase is included in the capital expenditure plan we released last evening, which calls for a total of 200 megawatts of additional wind investment for WP&L. We are also completing our evaluations from the request for proposal for additional wind energy options to benefit our Wisconsin customers. We anticipate filing a request for additional wind investments with the Public Service Commission before the year-end.  We are very fortunate that we serve customers in a region where wind energy is economic and abundant, and I must thank our support of rural communities and farm families that are great partners in fueling our future. We cannot do this without them.  Moving on to our gas-generation investments, we are in the early stages of making good progress with Wisconsin's West Riverside Energy Center. We expect that West Riverside will be in service by early 2020. Its output will be approximately 730 megawatts, and our share of the total anticipated project cost is approximately $640 million, including AFUDC and transmission. The three electric cooperatives that signed letters of intent to acquire approximately 65 megawatts of West Riverside have received PSCW approval. We expect FERC approval of the wholesale supply agreement within the coming months. These co-ops have been WPL's wholesale customers for decades, and we are delighted that they'll be our partners in West Riverside.  Solar generation is the newest addition to our energy mix. We are excited about our collaboration on two solar projects with the city of Dubuque, which are now producing energy for our customers. These projects are in addition to our 300 existing solar facilities located at our Rock River campus, our running laboratory at our Lansing headquarters and the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Solar investments, such as these, will help meet our customers' growing interest in cleaner and distributed forms of energy. We are also planning to install solar at West Riverside Energy Center in Southern Wisconsin and Marshalltown Generating Station in Central Iowa.  Before I wrap up, I would like to briefly address the tax reform bill released in Congress yesterday. It's too early for us to know the potential impacts of tax reform on our company and customers, especially given that changes are expected in the coming weeks. We will remain involved in the process and will continue to advocate for our customers for the economic growth in the communities we are privileged to serve.  I would also like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated employees for the storm recovery assistance not only at home, but also in Florida. I'm extremely proud of their quick response and great customer care during challenging restoration efforts, all while keeping safety top of mind. With Veterans Day just a week away, I would like to take a moment and pay tribute to the approximately 400 proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy and to those veterans that are on the call with us today. I also want to extend my thanks to appreciation to all the military families for everything they do while their loved ones are away from home. Let me summarize my key focus areas for 2017 and 2018. Our dedicated employees delivered solid third quarter results and will deliver on full year financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide the 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We expect to complete our large construction projects on time and at or below budget and in a very safe manner.  We will continue working with our regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and customers in a collaborative manner; continue focus on serving our customers and being good partners in our communities, while reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster; and we will continue to manage the company to strike the balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers.  Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. And I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. We released third quarter 2017 earnings last night with our GAAP earnings of $0.73 per share and our non-GAAP earnings of $0.75 per share. The difference is a $0.02 per share non-recurring charge from write-downs of regulatory assets due to the recent proposed settlement reached with the major intervening parties and IPL's retail electric rate review. Our non-GAAP earnings of $0.75 per share were $0.05 lower than non-GAAP earnings in the third quarter of 2016, primarily due to the impacts on electric sales of cooler summer temperatures in our service territory compared to last year.  IPL interim retail electric base rates and new WPL retail electric and gas base rates continue to contribute to higher earnings in the third quarter of 2017. However, as expected, these increased earnings were offset by the impacts of higher depreciation expense from rate base additions, including the Marshalltown facility, AFUDC earned on Marshalltown in 2016 and higher energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations at WPL. A summary of the quarter-over-quarter earnings drivers can be found on slides 5, 6 and 7. Turning to our updated 2017 earnings guidance. Our non-GAAP temperature-normalized earnings generated through the first three quarters of this year have been consistent with our original earnings guidance, allowing us to narrow the range. The updated 2017 earnings guidance range is $1.89 to $1.97 per share. The change to the midpoint of our updated earnings guidance is due to the $0.06 of losses from the impact on electric and gas sales of the much milder temperatures in our service territory during the first three quarters of 2017. Excluding the impacts of these much milder temperatures, we continue to see modest sales growth in our service territories, driven by increased sales through our commercial and industrial segments. Through the first three quarters of this year, temperature-normalized sales, excluding the impact of leap year, increased approximately 0.5%.  Now, let's review our 2018 earnings guidance. Last night, we issued our consolidated 2018 earnings guidance range of $2.04 to $2.18 per share. A walk from the midpoint of the 2017 non-GAAP temperature-normalized EPS range to the midpoint of the 2018 earnings guidance range is shown on slide 8. The key drivers of the 6% growth in EPS are infrastructure investments in our core utility business, reflecting WPL's 2018 approved electric and gas retail rates; and IPL's final electric retail rates as proposed in the settlement currently under review by the Iowa Utilities Board. IPL's interim rates will remain in effect until the IUB approve final rates by issuing a written decision expected sometime in the first quarter of 2018.  Also, IPL plans to file a retail gas rate review next year to recover investments in this gas distribution system since its last gas rate review filed in 2012. We are forecasting IPL's interim gas base rates will go into effect in the second quarter of 2018. The 2018 guidance range assumes normal temperatures and retail electric sales growth of approximately 1% when compared to temperature-normalized 2017 sale. Similar to this year's increase in sales, we expect most of the electric sales growth for next year to come from commercial and industrial classes.  Slide 9 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC, including the impact of the tax benefit riders for 2017 and 2018. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 15% for 2017 and 24% for 2018. This 9% year-over-year increase is primarily related to changes in tax credits, associated with IPL's tax benefit riders. Please note that the tax benefit riders have no impact on annual earnings. Also, to assist you in modeling, we would like to provide you with information concerning the assumed MISO ROE's embedded and forecasted ATC investment earnings.  The 2017 earnings forecast assumes an ROE of 10.82% through the end of this year. For 2018, earnings forecast assumes an ROE of 10.2%. We currently expect FERC will resolve the second MISO ROE complaint sometime in the first half of 2018. Finally, we have forecasted a flat O&M trend in 2017 through 2018 as we continue to focus on cost controls for the benefit of our customers. The forecasted flat O&M trend excludes the fluctuations we expect from energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations, which were included in WPL's most recent electric and gas rate order. Turning to our financing plans. Our current forecast continues to anticipate strong cash flows from the earnings generated by the business and extension of bonus depreciation reductions through 2019. Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021, with additional tax payment reductions expected after 2021 due to the tax credits from wind investments included in our plan. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carryforward positions as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next few years.  There have been no material changes to our 2017 financing plan. In August, we entered into a new 5-year $1 billion master credit facility. And in October, we completed the issuance of $300 million of long-term debt at WPL. Our 2017 plan continues to assume we will issue up to $250 million of long-term debt at IPL later this year. Our 2018 financing plan assumes we will issue long-term debt of up to $700 million at IPL, which includes refinancing $350 million of long-term debt maturing in 2018. We also plan to issue up to $1 billion of debt at Alliant Energy finance, which includes refinancing $595 million of term loans maturing next year.  Finally, our plan assumes we will issue up to $200 million of new common equity in 2018 through a combination of an ATM program and our share on the direct program. The financing plan will allow us to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL included in the most recent retail rate decision. We may adjust these financing plans as deemed prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs continue to be reassessed.  Finally, for our regulatory schedule. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2017 and 2018, which we have summarized on slide 10. For IPL, we await a decision concerning the retail electric base rate review filed in April of this year. We anticipate an oral decision from the IUB before the end of this year and a written decision early in 2018.  Also, we expect a decision from the Iowa Utilities Board concerning the advanced rate-making principals for the second 500-megawatt of wind investment for our Iowa customers at the end of the first quarter of next year. For WPL, we plan to submit a retail electric and gas rate review filing for test years 2019 and 2020 next year. The rate filing will seek recovery of the West Riverside gas facility currently under construction. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company, and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI finance conference next week. For your convenience, we have already posted on our website the EEI investor presentation, which details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures through 2021 as well as updated rate base and construction work-in-progress estimates. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Nicholas Campanella with Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Campanella: I was just curious given the 2018 guidance, what earned ROE does that reflect at your base electric businesses for WPL and IPL, respectively?
Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert, Nick. It will be close to our authorized returns. They're both roughly in that 10% range.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And then I apologize if you touched on it already, but the wind expansion proposal, it seems that you're past the settlement deadline. Is there still an ability to settle prior to the hearing? Or do you see it playing out fully?
Pat Kampling: At this point, we see it playing out fully. We're still, of course, having active dialog with all the parties. But at this point, we see it as being fully litigated. So we'll expect a decision in early 2018.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And then just real quick, last question on the financing, I think you said $200 million of equity in '18. Is there any way that we should kind of be thinking about your forward needs kind of 3-year, your forecast period through 2021?
Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert again, Nick. The way I would look at it is we're trying to maintain the capital structures approved or included in our most recent rate reviews. And so given the height in CapEx that we see in 2018 and 2019, we should expect some modest level of common equity there.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Pat, can I ask you the -- 2020 rate base is a huge move-up based on the slides deck you provided in the EEI deck. Can you just remind us, in terms of rate activity, will there be new rate cases in effect for you, so you would be earning on that higher rate base, which steps up significantly from '19 to '20? Could you just remind us on the rate case time frame in the Iowa and Wisconsin jurisdictions, if you can?
Robert Durian: Yes. Ashar, this is Robert. Yes, I'm assuming you're pointing to the slides that we posted for the EEI finance conference. And as you will note, the IPL specifically increased about $900 million from 2019 to 2020. And a lot of that's the wind expansion that we're proposing to put into service in early 2020. And, so yes, that would require us to go in for a rate review with a test year 2019 rate review at this point in time. And so assuming we cannot get to some type of settlement agreement before then, that's what our current plan assumes.  And then if you turn over to the WPL increase, you'll see about a $500 million increase from '19 to 2020. And a lot of that is based on the West Riverside plant that we're currently expecting to put into service late in 2019 and early 2020, as well as some modest levels of winds on the WPL side, too. And we expect to go in for a rate review or file for a rate review sometime most likely in the second quarter of 2018 for that 2019 and 2020 test period.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So can we assume that for the -- if we add the two rate bases together, if I'm right, $10.4 billion or so, so can we assume, based on rate activity, that we should be earning pretty much equal to our allowed ROE in that year?
Robert Durian: I think that's a fair assumption, yes.
Ashar Khan: And then on to that, we can add the AFUDC, right? The AFUDC is separate, right, if I understand the way you do it. Correct?
Robert Durian: You are correct.
Ashar Khan: Okay, okay. And then just going back to your comments. You said that equity is only required in '18 and '19, because then the CapEx needs to go down in 2020, right? And you get the rate increases. Is that fair? So it's really these two years as we go to the 2020 time frame. Would that be fair?
Pat Kampling: So we only really guided just for 2018 equity needs. We haven't guided you yet on '19. But it is fair to say in the years with expensive CapEx, in order to maintain our equity ratios at the utilities, historically, we've needed to issue some common equity for those. But you're absolutely right. As you see the CapEx starting to decline, the need for equity will definitely decline with that as well.
Ashar Khan: Okay, okay. So Pat, based on this forecast, it seems like you couldn't easily be on the high end of your growth rate, especially as you approach 2020. Am I missing something?
Pat Kampling: I knew you were going to say that. Robert and I would really like to get people to really just focus on the midpoint. We've been very consistent on our 5% to 7% growth targets, and we would prefer that everybody just kind of guide to the middle because that's where we've historically been and that's what we're historically planning to. But I appreciate your enthusiasm in the organization.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: I know it's a bit early for you to actually gauge how the proposed tax reform is going to impact your wind CapEx. But give us a sense for your projects, so especially the ones that would start operation in 2020, how would they fare under the changed safe harbor provision as you needed to demonstrate that continuous construction? And also, if there were to be a change in the PTC, how would that change the economics of these projects, of the ones actually already announced and the ones that you might be pursuing in the future?
Pat Kampling: Sure, Angie. No, thanks for the question, and you opened the question up very appropriately. It's really too early to understand all this. As you understand, the tax reform was issued yesterday. That's what we consider the first phase of the debate. We'll be very involved, not only in the process and the discussions, but advocating on behalf of our customers. And we know what was issued yesterday is going to change, so it's really too early for us to speculate exactly how this is going to impact our current construction program. But I'd give you my word that we'll be very active in the debate and the discussion on all of these very important matters. And as soon as we have more clarity, we'll be definitely willing to share that with the investment community.
Angie Storozynski: I understand. But is there something you could do, frankly, before the end of this year? I don't know, just hide yourselves against that construction progress of acquirement? To be honest, I have no idea what it would entail. I mean, I don't know, any type of construction work on the sites that are cited for the future wind farms?
Pat Kampling: Yes. Angie, I can guarantee that we're looking at all of that right now. And when we have more clarity on that, we'll definitely share it with you. So that's something that we're actively looking at right now.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Greg Reiss with Millennium.
Greg Reiss: Just a quick question. I know you guys said you're targeting the authorized equity [indiscernible] with the utilities. Can you tell us kind of what the plan is for the consolidated entity? It sounds like a debt -- I guess, an equity to cap perspective?
Robert Durian: Sure, Greg. This is Robert. I would think of it in the context of we're trying to maintain the current credit ratings we have at the consolidated level. And so, right now, I think we're in that probably 40% to 45% equity percentage for the consolidated group. And I'd say we're going to stay pretty consistent with that.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: If no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 10, 2017 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID, 4175543 and the PIN of 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager of Investor Relations Pat Kampling – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Durian – Vice President, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Nicholas Campanella – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Ben Budish – Jefferies Gregg Orrill – Barclays
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter 2017 earnings. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our investor presentation, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks Susan. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Today, I am pleased to share with you our second quarter 2017 results, and I will update you on some recent progress we’ve made on delivering on our commitments and advancing our strategy. Next, Robert will provide details on our second quarter 2017 results as well as review our regulatory schedule. Although we experienced a stormy and wet spring, the temperatures were, on average, normal in the second quarter 2017. In comparison, last spring was slightly warmer, which led to a negative quarter-over-quarter variance of $0.01 per share. With the normal temperatures, we achieved solid earnings this quarter of $0.41 per share, which is $0.04 per share higher than the second quarter of 2016. These results were in line with our expectations and reflect revenue increases at both utilities. Robert will provide more details regarding this quarter’s results a bit later. Although year-to-date earnings were negatively impacted by the warm winter experienced during the first quarter, our year-to-date earnings are still within our earnings guidance range. So we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance range of $1.92 to $2.06 per share. Our earnings growth objective remains at 5% to 7% annually through 2020 based on non-GAAP 2016 earnings per share of $1.88. This long-term earnings growth continues to be supported by the utility’s robust capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth and constructive regulatory outcomes. Let me spend a few minutes updating you on our wind investment activities. At the time the capital plan was issued in November, we were confident that we secured enough equipment from GE to assure that 100% PTCs could be realized on a total of 900 megawatts of additional wind, including the 500-megawatt that was already approved by the IUB in Iowa. Now that we have more transparency into the total project cost and size availability, we believe that we can install up to 1,200 megawatts of new wind that can qualify for 400% PTCs. But just yesterday, we filed a new advanced rate making principal application, or RPU, with the Iowa Utilities Board to request approval for another up to 500 megawatts of utility- owned wind. This cost-effective addition to our resource plan will help keep energy costs stable for customers over the long term. In the RPU, we requested the same return on equity of 11% that was approved in the last proceeding. We also requested a cost cap of $1,780 per kW, including AFUDC and transmission, which is slightly below the cap approved in the last proceeding. Details of the filings may be found on Slide 2. We still plan on filing with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for additional 200 megawatts of wind for WPL later this year. We are in the early stages of that process, and I will discuss that in a few minutes. Please keep in mind that our current published capital expenditure plan includes the 500 megawatts already approved in Iowa and an additional 200 each for IPL and WPL, for total wind expansion of 900 megawatts during the 2017-2020 period. Since the time we issued our capital guidance, wind install costs are trending lower and are now coming in below our original forecast. Also, as we evaluate construction schedules and in-service dates, we expect to shift cost between years in the plan. As a result, we don’t expect our 2017 or 2020 capital plan to increase by the full project amount for the additional 300 megawatts of wind. We will update our capital energy plan as part of our third quarter earnings release in November, but I want to be clear that this additional wind investment aligns with our earnings growth objective of 5% to 7%. We continue to make good progress on our wind expansion efforts, including the acquisition of additional high-performing sites for future utility wind development. I am pleased to announce that we recently executed a contract with [indiscernible] to acquire their 170-megawatt English farm site in the Southeast Iowa that is expected to close by year-end. With this acquisition, our undeveloped utility wind sites totaled over 1,000 megawatts, including our previously announced purchase of the 300 megawatts of Upland Prairie site and the remaining land available at our existing Whispering Willow and Bent Tree sites that can accommodate up to an additional 600 megawatts of new wind. Construction will commence soon on the already approved 500 megawatts of Iowa wind. I am pleased to announce that the Infrastructure Energy Alternative LLC, commonly known as IEA, has been selected as the balance of plant contractor for that portion of our wind expansion. We are forecasting that approximately half of this project will go in service in 2019 and the other half in 2020. In our efforts to continue pursuing affordable energy options for our customers, we issued a request for proposals for up to 200 megawatts of wind for Wisconsin customers. There’s a lot of interest in the RFP, and our team is currently reviewing the various proposals that we received. This is the first step in our process to analyze the different alternatives before seeking PSCW approval to add additional wind resources to our WPL energy portfolio. Wind energy will continue to be a significant resource, which normally enhances our ability to manage cost for customers, but also fulfills their increasing desire for renewable energy. Our utility wind portfolio of 560 megawatts will grow substantially with the plans to increase it by up to 1,200 megawatts. In addition, we supplemented our owned resources with approximately 600 megawatts of renewable purchase power agreements. We now forecast that with our utility-owned wind and purchase power agreements at almost 30% of Alliant Energy’s rated electric capacity will be from renewables by 2024. We are very fortunate that we serve customers in a region where wind energy is economic and abundant, and I must thank our supportive rural communities and farm families, and they are great partners in fueling our future. In addition to our utility-owned wind, we recently announced a non-regulated wind investment in the Great Western wind project. After receiving FERC approval in July, I am pleased to report that last week, we closed on this acquisition on a 30% cash equity ownership interest in this Oklahoma wind project. We expect this investment to be modestly accretive to earnings in the first year and now finance the acquisition through a term loan. We are being very thoughtful and opportunistic in pursuing non-regulated growth opportunities, with low risk profiles such as the Great Western project, which already includes a long-term PPA. We expect that our non-regulated business will contribute no more than 10% of our consolidated earnings in the next 5 years. Moving on to our gas generation investments. We’re making good progress with Wisconsin’s West Riverside Energy Center. We expect that West Riverside will supply enough energy to our customers by early 2020. Its outflow will be approximately 703 megawatts, and our share of the total anticipated project cost is approximately $640 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. The 3 elective cooperatives signed letters of intent to acquire approximately 65 megawatts of West Riverside, and we have already received FERC approval and expect PSCW approval of our agreement with the co-ops by the end of the quarter. These co-ops have been WPL’s wholesale customers for decades. We are delighted that they will be our partners in West Riverside. Solar generation is our newest addition to our energy mix. We are excited about our collaboration on 2 solar projects with the City of Dubuque. The West Dubuque project is approximately 85% complete, and the Port of Dubuque project is approximately 55% complete. These projects are expected to start generating renewable energy for customers in September. Planning work continues for solar integration with our newest gas generating stations: West Riverside Energy Center in Southern Wisconsin and Marshalltown Generating Station in Central Iowa. These projects are in addition to the 3 existing solar facilities located at our Rock River campus, our learning laboratory at our Madison headquarters, and the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Solar investment such as these, as well as the Beyond Solar tariff recently filed in Iowa, will help us meet our customers’ growing interest in cleaner and distributed forms of energy. The electric and gas distribution systems continue to be an area of growing investment as customers expect improved reliability, resiliency and security of their power delivery. Standardizing voltages and selective reliability improvements, such as expansion of our underground electric distribution network, are just some of our targeted investments. On the gas side, we continue to make investments in our pipeline safety program. Also, many communities and industrial customers have requested additional natural gas supply, just giving us the opportunity to upgrade and expand our gas systems. This year, we will begin installation of smart meters for Iowa electric and gas customers. This is an important foundational component for a smarter and more resilient power grid. Access to real-time information and data will allow us to manage outages, 2-way energy flow and offer remotely connects and disconnects. We expect to complete the Iowa smart meter installation in 2019. We continue to execute to execute on our strategy by providing cleaner energy for our customers by building a smarter, more robust grid. We began the transition of our generation fleet almost a decade ago, with the addition of utility-owned wind and combined-cycle gas to replace the older, smaller and less efficient fossil generation we are retiring. By the end of this year, we will have retired or converted almost 40% of our 2010 coal-fired generation capacity. Additionally, we will now retire almost 75% of our oil and diesel fired generation capacity by the end of this year. We are on a solid path toward a carbon emission target of 40% by 2013. We’ve also established a new target to reduce water withdrawals by 25% by 2013 from 2005 levels. I encourage you to review the progress we have made towards achieving our carbon reduction target as well as our other sustainability targets by reading the 2017 Corporate Sustainability Report, which will be issued in the middle of this month. Before I wrap up, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated employees for their strong recovery efforts. Iowa and Wisconsin have experienced significant strong activity during the last couple of months. I’m extremely proud of the quick response times and restoration efforts exhibited by our employees, all by keeping safety top of mind. Let me summarize my key focus areas for 2017. Our dedicated employees delivered solid second quarter 2017 results and will deliver our full year financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2017 dividend payout ratio is 63.3% based on the midpoint of our 2017 earnings guidance of $1.99. We expect to complete our large construction projects on time and at or below budget in a very safe manner. We will continue working with the regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and customers in a collaborative manner. Continued focus on serving our customers and being the partners with our communities are reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Thank you for your interest on Alliant Energy. I’ll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. We released second Quarter 2017 earnings last evening with our earnings from continuing operations of $0.41 per share, which is $0.04 per share higher than the second quarter of 2016. A summary of the year-over-year earnings drivers can be found on Slides 3 and 4. Contributing to the higher earnings in the second quarter were new WPL retail electric and gas base rates, which went into effect on January 1st , and IPL interim retail electric base rates, which went into effect on April 13. These increases in earnings were offset by the negative impacts of higher depreciation expense from rate base additions, including the Marshalltown gas facility at IPL as well as higher energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations at WPL. Let me turn on Alliant’s retail electric sales between the second quarters of 2017 and 2016 were essentially flat. Excluding the impact of temperatures and the extra day in 2016 for leap year, retail electric sales during the first half of 2017 increased approximately 1% compared to last year. Now let’s briefly review our full year 2017 earnings guidance. As Pat noted, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance range of $1.92 to $2.06 per share. The 2017 guidance range assumes normal temperatures and continued retail sales growth of approximately 1% when compared to 2016. Please note that when comparing 2016 to 2017, we expect most of the sales growth to come from commercial and industrial classes. The projected 6% growth in earnings for 2017 will be primarily driven by infrastructure investments reflected in IPL’s and WPL’s recent base rate review. Starting with our Iowa jurisdiction. During the past 7 years, we have been able to earn on our increasing IPL rate base while keeping base rates flat for our customers. The recent rate base addition, which include electric distribution investment, the Marshalltown Generating Station and investments to advanced cleaner energy, drove the need for a retail electric rate increase. Interim rates implemented in the second quarter include retail electric rate base of approximately $3.8 billion, a blended ROE of approximately 10% and a common equity ratio of approximately 49%. Given the interim rate started in the second quarter, the resulting earnings increase will only impact the last three quarters of 2017. Iowa retail customers will see a minimal impact to their total bills in 2017 since the approximate 7% interim rate increase will be offset with refunds related to lower transmission ROEs and billing credits from the tax benefit rider. The 2017 electric tax benefit rider credits are estimated to be $68 billion – or $68 million. As in prior years, these tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact the full year 2017 results. Slide 5 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC, including the impact of a tax benefit rider. On this slide, we estimate a 2017 consolidated effective tax rate of 17%, which is 4% higher than our 2016 consolidated effective tax rate. Shifting to our Wisconsin jurisdiction. The WPL electric and gas base rate increases went into effect January 1. These reflect electric and gas rate base growth, including a full year of the Edgewater five scrubber and baghouse that was placed in service in 2016 as well as performance improvements at Columbia. The increase in revenue requirements for these and other rate base additions was partially offset by energy efficiency cost recovery and transmission amortization. As part of the new WPL rate design, the PSCW approved the elimination of seasonal pricing beginning in 2017. This will impact the calendarization of the rate increase in your forecasting models for this year. Turning to our financing plans. Our current forecast continues to anticipate strong cash flows from the earnings generated by the business and extension of bonus depreciation deductions through 2019. Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021, with additional tax payment reductions reflected after 2021 due to the additional wind investments included in our plan. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carryforward positions as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next few years. There have been no material changes to our 2017 financing plan. Our plan continues to assume we will issue up to 150 million of new common equity this year as well as long-term debt of up to $250 million at IPL and up to $300 million at WPL. We completed the issuance of $125 million of new common equity under an ATM program during the second quarter. We also entered into a $95 million term loan last week to finance the Great Western wind project acquisition. We may adjust the remaining financing plan for 2017 as being prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2017, we expect equity needs to be driven by renewable investments in the West Riverside project. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures beyond 2017 would be financed by operating cash flows and external financing. Our plan is to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL for the most recent retail rate case decision. Finally, for our regulatory schedule. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2017 and 2018, which we have summarized on Slide 6. For WPL, we anticipate a decision in the fourth quarter on the recently filed fuel-only case for 2018. Also, in the fourth quarter, we anticipate filing for a certificate of authority for additional wind for our Wisconsin customers. For IPL, we received the decision on our emissions plan and budget for the second quarter. And yesterday, we filed the advanced rate making principals for the second 500- megawatt wind investment for our Iowa customers. We are requesting rate- making principals consistent with the application for the first 500 megawatts approved by the IUB last year. The only notable difference is a lower-cost cap, reflecting a trend in declining capital cost for wind project. In closing, I would like to briefly discuss the IPL retail electric base rate review. Intervenor direct testimony was filed earlier this week. This completes the initial testimony by all interested parties as the IUB staff does not file testimony. Some of the key issues addressed in the interim testimony were: return on equity, rate design and the recovery of certain capital and deferred costs. Financial information filed confidentially by the intervenors will be made available within the next couple of business days have been made public. The Office of Consumer Advocate has proposed a $90 million increase in the revenue requirement versus the $176 million increase requested by IPL. Approximately half of the difference between the increases proposed by the OTA and the IPL relate to different return on equity amounts. To assist you in assessing the impact of the different viewpoints on the ROEs, please note that each 15 basis point change in ROE impacts the revenue requirement by approximately $4 million or a $0.01 per share earnings impact. We appreciate the point of view presented by each of the intervenors and acknowledge the divergent viewpoints are a normal part of rate reviews. We look forward to discussions with the intervenors in the coming weeks as we work through the rate review process. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go to our first question from Nicholas Campanella with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Nicholas Campanella: Good morning. Congrats on the recent announcements. I was just curious. I understand there’s additional wind coming into focus at IPL, I think 300 megawatts is not in the forecast. And you commented a little bit about wind costs and just the magnitude of contribution that we should expect to your upcoming forecast in 3Q. Could you just comment a little bit more about what you’re seeing in terms of the cost side?
Pat Kampling: Yes, what we’re seeing is not only the install cost coming down but we’re actually getting wind sites that are probably a little better than we initially forecasted. So the combination of the two, we think the overall capital plan of the – that were already issued last November, those dollars will be coming down in total, and the timing might be shifting between the years, again, depending on the construction cycles. So we come out with the new guidance in November. Don’t expect it to be a full cost for additional 300 megawatts of wind. All the megawatts are going to be coming down in price. So it’ll be slightly different, but don’t expect it to increase by the full 300 megawatts of – if you do the math that way.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it thanks. And then just in terms of opportunities outside of wind, kind of as we bump up against the PTC roll-off here. Can you just expand on what you’re seeing for gas or electric infrastructure kind of beyond 2019, 2020?
Robert Durian: Yes, Nick. This is Robert. We’re focused on that right now. We’re going through a part of our strategic planning process in evaluating different opportunities. Pat alluded to a few of them with the AMI foundational work that we’re going to do in Iowa to try and develop some of these grid modernization opportunities that we have. We probably will be able to give you some more details and information on that one until we get to the November time frame. And we’ll probably meet with you guys in the EEI conference in November to try and give more detail.
Nicholas Campanella: Great thank so much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Pat Kampling: Hello, Brian.
Brian Russo: I appreciate all the insight on the CapEx and shifting CapEx to fill in the wind. But why not increase your CapEx? Is it a question of rate pressure or stretching the balance sheet? Just curious.
Pat Kampling: Yes, it’s a little bit of both. We always make sure, as we put our capital plans together, that it’s also through the customer lens, because we don’t want to be driving rate increases when it’s not necessary. But the additional winds, we’re still within the 5% to 7% earnings growth. We’ll have more transparency and clarity for you in November as we come out with the entire CapEx plan, not just the additional wind, but the additional infrastructure investments. But it’s a balance, Brian, as you are well aware, between rate increases and earnings growth.
Brian Russo: Got it. So in terms of the 5% to 7% CAGR, it seems like you’re adding a lot more incremental wind than when they initially put out this guidance. And the wind has – the existing wind has 11% ROEs. I would imagine that the new filing in Iowa would also capture 11%. So are you kind of gravitating towards the higher end of that CAGR, given the higher ROEs of the incremental CapEx?
Pat Kampling: Brian, we’ll just give a range. And I just want to also be very clear, the reason we’re increasing our wind investment is because we have confidence that, that will qualify for the 100% PTC and that does have a time frame, a limited time frame. That’s why we’re moving forward with the wind at this point.
Brian Russo: Got it. Okay. And just the Oklahoma wind project acquisition. What was the thought process around that? And can you provide any details, like what term parameters?
Pat Kampling: No, we can’t provide the details. When we file our Q, you’ll see a little bit more information but the terms are confidential. But we’re looking at investments that are close to our core, things that we’re actually – we know very well. We know wind very well. We know the Midwest very well. So we’re looking forward. We’ll be very opportunistic. We want good partners. We want low-risk projects that have a long-term PPA with a very qualified customer at the other end. And it’s just to learn, learn more about these different investment strategies. But again, we’re staying very close to our core.
Brian Russo: Got it. And I don’t know if testimony was filed in the IPL rate case. I think previously, the assumption was the case is unlikely to be settled because of a cautious and rate design. Is this still the case?
Pat Kampling: All right. Brian, as we talked in the past, we have a very solid and very straightforward case. However, we’re very open for discussions, but we’re willing to take this case through the full process. But if there is an opportunity to settle, we’re definitely willing to partner in any discussions. But at this point, we’re assuming that we’re going to have the full litigated case. Again, there were no surprises in the intervenor testimony that was filed though. So we need to keep that public in maybe a couple of days. So you’ll have the same takeaway that there’s really no surprises in any of the testimony.
Brian Russo: Understood. And then lastly, recall if I’m correct, but the 500 megawatts of preapproved wind that will be included in a general rate case to be filed in the first quarter of 2019, why not include this existing 500 megawatts in that rate case as opposed to a separate docket?
Robert Durian: Yes. Right now, Brian, we’re planning on the first piece of the initial 500 megawatts to be in service in the first quarter of 2019, and then some of the remaining portions of the first 500 megawatts in the first quarter of 2020. This last 500 megawatts that we just filed for yesterday, we don’t know the exact timing of that. We’re still working through that. So – but we’ll, obviously, make the regulatory filings in conjunction with the in-service dates and to ensure we don’t have any regulatory lag and also, as Pat indicated, be very cognizant of the customer cost impact here.
Brian Russo: Got it. Okay thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ben Budish with Jefferies.
Ben Budish : Hey good morning everybody.
Robert Durian: Good morning.
Ben Budish: Yes, I think you kind of answered this, but just on the CapEx cost shifting. In addition to some of the wind cost shifting, can you give any color on like where other spending might be shifted out? Is it other generation, distribution, anything like that?
Pat Kampling: No, not at this point. We’ll give you a lot more transparency in November as we – as I said earlier, not only we do the capital plan, we also do rate case planning at the same time to make sure we’re mindful of that. So as you know, we have a very flexible capital plan. We are very proud of the fact that it’s very flexible. But our priority is to make sure we get this wind and that it qualifies for the 100% PTCs. So again, as we get more details on construction cycles and sites, et cetera, we will be able to give you more color on the rest of the CapEx.
Ben Budish: Okay. Its great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go next to Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Hi, thank you.
Pat Kampling: Good morning.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning. Just in terms of the unregulated guidance. You talked about getting up to 10% of earnings. Will the wind investments that you announced in Iowa, does that affect the unregulated goals at all? Do you think you’ll get to the 10% of earnings?
Pat Kampling: Yes. No, the wind that we just filed for yesterday, that’s totally regulated wind. So that’s 2 very different investment profiles here. I mean, we say 10%, it’s really no greater than 10%. So we don’t want you to think we’re going to get to 10% for the unregulated side. We just – we capped ourselves at no greater than 10%, but they’re 2 totally different investment profiles.
Gregg Orrill: So you’ve got the incremental 300 megawatts of wind in Iowa and the unregulated plan, how do you reconcile that with the 5% to 7% earnings growth?
Pat Kampling: Yes, they’ll be all inclusive, so both the regulated wind investments and the unregulated investments in the unregulated wind is all part of the 5% to 7% earnings growth.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 11, 2017, at (888)203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 4175543 and the PIN of 9578. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Investor Relations Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Durian - Vice President, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Nick Campanella - UBS
Operator: Thank you for holding. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Alliant Energy First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank you all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Robert Durian, Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2017 earnings. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our first quarter 2017 and year end 2016 earnings release, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm pleased to share with you our first quarter 2017 results and I will also share several major milestones that occurred in April. Next, Robert will provide the details on our results as well as review our regulatory schedule. Like other utilities in the region we enjoyed a mild winter, but it did lower our first quarter results by $0.04 per share. This winter was even warmer than last year, in which we realized $0.02 per share lower earnings when compared to normal temperatures. Therefore, mild temperatures led to a negative first quarter variance from last year of $0.02 per share. Despite the mild temperatures, we achieved solid earnings this quarter of $0.43 per share, which was the same as the first quarter of 2016. With the exception of the mild weather these results were in line with our expectations. Robert will provide more details regarding the quarter's results a bit later. And with these financial results, we reaffirm our 2017 earnings guidance range of $1.92 to $2.06 per share. Earnings growth objective remains at 5% to 7% annually through 2020 based on non-GAAP 2016 earnings per share of $1.88. This long-term growth objective continues to be supported by the utilities' robust capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth and constructive regulatory outcomes. We achieved several milestones and advanced our strategy in early April. First, Marshalltown Generating Station began commercial operations on April 1. Second, the Franklin County Wind Farm was transferred to IPL also on April 1. And third, IPL filed an electric rate review on April 3, and interim rates went into effect on April 13. Marshalltown was completed on time and below budget, with a full load testing heat rate of 6,610 Btu per kilowatt hour, better than the contractual guarantee, and makes it one of the most efficient units in the world. Marshalltown's ability's to quickly ramp up or ramp down energy production complements Iowa's vast wind resources and is a great addition to our energy mix. Marshalltown is expected to have 60% less carbon emissions and 90% less water withdrawals when compared to the 2005 levels of the generating units it is replacing. Now that Marshalltown is in service and customers are realizing its benefits, its cost recovery was included in interim rates that went into effect on April 13, earning the authorized 11% ROE. Marshalltown's final costs, including AFUDC and transmission, came in at approximately $750 million, well below the approved cost cap of $920 million. Last week, the Institute for Sustainable Infrastructure awarded IPL the Envision Platinum Award for its work on Marshalltown. This is the first Envision Platinum Award for any company in Iowa. The award recognized IPL's focus on sustainable performance and infrastructure resilience. The award was issued after a peer review process that assessed Marshalltown on 60 sustainability factors addressing a wide range of important criteria. We are very proud that our sustainability efforts were recognized by this distinguished group. I do want to take a moment and recognize the Alliant Energy team and all the contractors that brought this project to a successful completion. It was truly a team effort. And I'm not only proud of the excellent construction and performance, but most importantly, safety performance on this project was world-class. Thank you. In Wisconsin, we are making good progress on the foundation and underground piping for the Riverside expansion, which we are now calling the West Riverside Energy Center. We expect that West Riverside will supply energy to our customers by early 2020. Its output will be approximately 730 megawatts, and our share of the total anticipated project cost is approximately $640 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. The three electric cooperatives signed a letter of intent to acquire approximately 65 megawatts of West Riverside, and we expect PSCW approval of the agreement by the third quarter, these co-ops have been WPL wholesale customers for decades. And we are delighted that they'll be our partners in West Riverside. Wind energy has been an important and now increasing part of our energy portfolio. Wind energy brings many benefits to our customers and communities, including the annual lease payments to farm families and property tax payments that support the rural communities that we have the privilege to serve. Also, our owned wind farms have remarkable performance in the first quarter, with a total average capacity factor reaching over 40%. And IPL customers are now benefiting from the energy produced by our Franklin County Wind Farm, which is now part of Whispering Willow. We are pleased that the state of Iowa encourages generation investments. In late last year, the Iowa Utilities Board approved our plan to add up to 500 megawatts of wind in Iowa. Terms of that approval include a cost cap of $1,830 per kilowatt, including AFUDC and transmission costs, a return on equity of 11% for the life of the asset, and depreciable life of 40 years. As we discussed with you earlier this year, we were able to secure enough equipment to not only assure the approved 500 megawatts qualified for the 100% PTCs, but also qualified additional wind investments for 100% PTCs. Our current capital expenditure plan includes the 500 megawatts already approved in Iowa and an additional up to 200 megawatts each for IPL and WPL, for a total wind expansion of 900 megawatts replacement service by 2020. However, we are now exploring options to increase our total wind expansion to 1,100 megawatts, with an additional 200 megawatts for IPL. We have enough equipment secured that the full 1,100 megawatts would qualify for the 100% PTC. Therefore, we plan to make regulatory filings later this year, seeking approval for up to 400 megawatts of additional wind generation at IPL and up to 200 megawatts at WPL. As I mentioned, our capital expenditure plans still includes investments of 900 megawatts of wind. We have not yet updated our capital plan to include the additional 200 megawatts at IPL since we are still working to secure additional sites. As is our regular practice, we plan to provide updated capital expenditure estimates in November prior to the EEI Conference. Solar generation is the newest addition to our energy mix. We are excited about our upcoming collaboration with the City of Dubuque and the solar facility for West Riverside, which are both in the planning stages. These projects will be an addition to the three existing solar facilities located at our Rock River Campus, our learning laboratory at our Madison headquarters and the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Solar investments such as these will help us meet our customers' growing interest in cleaner and distributed forms of energy. The electric and gas distribution systems continue to be an area of growing investment as customers expect improved reliability, resiliency and security of their power delivery. Standardizing voltages and expansion of our underground electricity distribution network are just some of our targeted investments. Also, many communities and industrial customers have requested additional natural gas supply, which is giving us the opportunity to upgrade and expand our gas systems while, at the same time, continuing our pipeline safety program. And this year, we will begin installation of smart meters for Iowa electric and gas customers. This is an important foundational component for a smarter and more resilient grid. Access to real-time information and data will allow us to manage outages, two-way energy flow and allow for remote reads, connects and disconnects. We expect to complete the Iowa smart meter installation in 2019. We are making good progress in offering our customers innovative solutions and options. WPL received approval for new residential customer offerings, including simpler time-of-use pricing plans, demand rate pilots, a fixed bill option and lower renewable energy rates. IPL has proposed a revised time-of-day option for residential and small businesses, an economic development rate and a couple of pilots for small customer demand rate and a limited income rate. And both our Iowa and Wisconsin customers are taking advantage of our rebates for installation of EV charging stations. We continue execution of our strategy by providing cleaner energies for our customers while building a smarter, more robust grid. We began the transition of our generation fleet almost a decade ago with the addition of utility and wind and combined-cycle gas to replace older, smaller and less efficient fossil generation we are retiring. By the end of this year, we will have retired or converted almost 40% our 2010 coal-fired generation capacity. Additionally, we will have retired almost 75% of our oil-fired combustion turbines and diesel-generation capacity by the end of this year. We're on a path toward our carbon emission reduction target of 40% by 2030. Let me summarize my key focus areas for 2017. Our dedicated employees delivered a solid first quarter, and we'll deliver on our full year financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2017 dividend payout target is 63.3% based on the midpoint of our 2017 earnings guidance of $1.99 per share. We expect to complete projects on time and at or below budget and at a very safe manner. We will continue working with our regulators, customer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and customers in a collaborative manner. We continue to focus on serving our customers and being good partners in our communities while reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy, and I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. We released first quarter 2017 earnings last evening, with our earnings from continuing operations of $0.43 per share, which is the same as the earnings for the first quarter 2016. Our summary of the year-over-year earnings drivers can be found on Slides 2 and 3. New WPL retail electric and gas base rates, which went in effect January 1, contributed to higher earnings in the first quarter of 2017. These increased earnings were offset by the negative impacts of mild temperatures, higher fuel expense and higher depreciation expense from rate base additions. Excluding the impacts of temperatures and the extra day in 2016 for leap year, retail electric sales between the first quarters of 2017 and 2016 increased more than 1%. Now let's briefly review our 2017 guidance. Last evening, we shared our updated view of our earnings walk comparing 2016 non-GAAP EPS to the midpoint of the 2017 EPS guidance range on Slide 4. The update quantifies the impacts of higher IPL and WPL revenues due to the retail base rate increases as separate drivers in the earnings walk. As shown on this slide, the 6% growth in earnings is primarily driven by infrastructure investments reflected in WPL's recently approved retail electric and gas base rates and IPL's interim electric base rates that went into effect April 13. The 2017 guidance range assumes normal temperatures and continued retail sales growth of approximately 1% when compared to 2016. Please note that when comparing 2016 to 2017, we expect most of the sales growth to come from commercial and industrial classes. During the past seven years, we have been able to earn on our increasing IPL rate base while keeping base rate flat. The recent rate base additions, which include grid modernization investments, the Marshalltown Generating Station and investments to advance cleaner energy, drove the need for a retail electric rate increase. Interim rates include retail electric rate base of approximately $3.8 billion, a blended ROE of approximately 10% and a common equity ratio of approximately 49%. Interim rates associated with this rate filing went into effect April 13. Therefore, the resulting earnings increase will only impact the last 3 quarters of 2017. To assist you in modeling, we estimate that the $0.20 per share increase in earnings from IPL's interim electric rate increase will be spread across 2017, with approximately 25% recognized in the second quarter, 45% recognized in the third quarter and 30% in the fourth quarter. Iowa retail customers will see a minimal impact to their total bills in 2017 since the approximate 7% interim rate increase will be offset with a refund related to the lower transmission ROEs and tax benefit rider billing credit. This will be the final year that IPL expects to provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers to help reduce their costs. The 2017 credits are estimated to be $74 million. As in prior years the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year 2017 results. Slide 5 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC. On this slide, we estimate a 2017 consolidated effective tax rate of 17%, which is 4% higher than our 2016 consolidated effective tax rate. The WPL retail electric and gas base rate increases, which went into effect January 1st, reflect electric and gas rate base growth, including a full year of the Edgewater 5 scrubber and baghouse that was placed in service in 2016 as well as performance improvements at Columbia. The increase in revenue requirements for these and other rate base additions was partially offset by energy efficiency cost recovery and transmission amortization. As part of the WPL rate design, the PSCW approved the elimination of seasonal pricing beginning in 2017. This will impact the calendarization [ph] of the rate increases in your forecasting models for this year. We estimate that the $0.18 per share increased earnings impact would be spread across the quarters, with approximately 35% recognized in each of the first and fourth quarters, approximately 25% in the second quarter and minimal increase in the third quarter. Turning to our financing plans. Our current forecast reflects strong cash flows from the earnings generated by the business and impacts of the extension of bonus depreciation deductions through 2019. Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021, with additional tax payment reductions expected after 2021 through the additional wind investments included in our plan. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carry forward positions as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next few years. There have been no changes to our 2017 financing plan. Our plan continues to assume we will issue up to $150 million of new common equity this year as well as long-term debt of up to $250 million at IPL and up to $300 million at WPL. We may adjust plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2017, we expect equity needs to be driven by renewable investments in the West Riverside project. Our forecast assumes that capital expenditures beyond 2017 would be financed by operating cash flows and external financing. Our intent is to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL for the most recent retail rate case decisions. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2017 and 2018, which we have summarized on Slide 6. For IPL, we expect to receive decision on our emissions plan and budget this quarter. And during the third or fourth quarter, we are planning to file the advance ratemaking principles for additional wind investments for our Iowa customers. For WPL, we plan to file a 2018 fuel only case during the third quarter, which is customary in years where our retail electric rate case is not filed. And also, in the third or fourth quarter, we anticipate filing a Certificate of Authority for additional wind for our Wisconsin customers. In our investor deck, we have provided our proposed procedural schedule for the IPL retail electric rate review. This is still a proposed schedule. All parties to the case are working to finalize the schedule, and we plan to have the updated schedule in the investor deck we will be posting on our website prior to the AGA meetings on May 22. In closing, I would like to briefly touch on the recent court decisions to remand the New England ROE case back to FERC. This action has not changed our current reserve amount related to the second MISO ROE complaint. We continue to reserve those ATC earnings based on the 9.7% ROE recommended by the ALJ plus ATC's awarded 50 basis point adder. We are monitoring any potential impacts to this court decision on the second MISO ROE complaint and ATC's ongoing authorized ROE. We received the refunds for the first MISO ROE complaint earlier this year and started refunding the IPL portion back to Iowa electric customers this week. The WPL portion of the refund will return to Wisconsin electric customers in accordance with a future regulatory proceeding. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company. At this time, I'll turn it back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Nick Campanella: This is actually Nick Campanella on for Julien. I was just curious, as we include the extra 200 megawatt wind at IPL into the CapEx plan going forward, how should we be thinking about any additional opportunities at the backfill post 2020, keeping with the long-term EPS growth profile. Just trying to get a sense of kind of what direction you're looking at initially just as PTC opportunities decline.
Pat Kampling: Sure. Thanks for the question, Nick. Now this is still an evolving story as we look for acquiring additional sites in Iowa. So it's a pretty active process that we're going through right now. Although we're very pleased that we do have the additional capacity to increase the wind filing in Iowa, I wouldn't assume that there'll be more after that. But again, if we do find that, we'll definitely let you know. But we'll probably update the CapEx plan in November again with the EEI deck. This is all still a bit preliminary until we make our regulatory filings.
Nick Campanella: Got it. Okay. And then is there any specific reason to do more at IPL rather than WPL in this case?
Pat Kampling: We're actually finding really good sites in Iowa for Iowa customers, and the Iowa regulatory climate, is very supportive of additional wind. As you recall from our last docket, when we got the 500 megawatts approved, we were encouraged to come back and do more, so really just following up on the last docket that we had in Iowa.
Nick Campanella: Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 11, 2017, at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Investor Relations Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Durian - Vice President, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Gregg Orrill - Barclays
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year End and Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert Durian, Vice President, CFO and Treasurer; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's yearend and fourth quarter 2016 earnings. We released 2017 earnings guidance and provided updated 2017 through 2020 capital expenditure guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our yearend earnings call. Today, I am pleased to share with you an overview of our 2016 results and our outlook for 2017. I will also share with you our progress and advancing cleaner energy, improving the power grid and often customer’s innovative products and options. Next, Rob will provide details on our 2016 results and 2017 guidance as well as review our regulatory schedule and comment on potential favorable tax reform. We had another good year achieving a $1.88 non-GAAP earnings per share consistent with the mid-point of our 2016 earnings guidance. This represents a 5% increase over comparable 2015 results on a non-GAAP temperature normalized basis. Although 2016 had its share of interest and temperature swings it was on average normal for the year, so there is no need to temperature normalizes our 2016 results. Also please note on slide two, the 2016 non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the Franklin County charge of $0.23 per share recorded in the third quarter. We also issued earnings guidance for 2017 with a midpoint of $1.99 per share a 6% increase over 2016 non-GAAP results, driven by earning on our growing utility investments. Our earnings objective remains at 5% to 7% through 2020 based on non-GAAP 2016 earnings per share of $1.88. For some time growth objective is supported by continued robust capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth, constructive regulatory outcomes and is on a temperature normalized basis. We continued to make solid progress and providing cost effective clean energy for our customers while building a smarter, more robust grid. We have a dynamic plan in process that gives us the flexibility to adjust our capital plans as opportunities arise. So last evening we issued an updated capital expenditure plan for 2017 till 2020 totaling $5.6 billion. The change from our November 2016 forecast was shown on slide three and are primarily due to the acceleration, the timing of utility wind generation and IPL smart meter investments, to enable customers to realize their benefits sooner. We began a transition of a generation fleet almost a decade ago with the addition of utility owned wind and the planned retirements of our smaller, less efficient fossil generating stations. And since 2010, we have retired or converted one third of our coal-fired generation moving up towards a 2030 carbon emissions reduction target of 40%. Our generation fleet continues to transition to a net that’s cleaner and more efficient at major steps that are underway to expand our natural gas generation. In Wisconsin, we are in the early stages of construction of the Riverside expansion and in Iowa we were in the home stretch of Marshalltown construction. The Marshalltown generated facility is now almost complete, testing is going well and is expected to go in service by early April. Forecast to capital expenditures for the facility are approximately $670 million excluding AFUDC and transmission and it will earn the authorized 11% ROE. We anticipate Marshalltown will be included in IPL’s retail electric interim rates which will be implemented 10 days after our rate filing in the second quarter. Marshalltown will be our most efficient facility to date and is expected to have 60% [less carbon] emissions and 90% less water withdrawals when compared to [the 2005] levels for the generating units it will replace. And Wisconsin we broke ground for the Riverside expansion last September and expect that it will supply energy to our customers by early 2020. It’s output will be approximately 730 megawatts and our share of the total anticipated project cost is approximately $640 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. Three courts signed their letters of intent to acquire approximately 65 megawatts of Riverside and we expect PSCW approval of that agreement in the third quarter. These courts have been WPL wholesale customers for decades and we are delighted that they will be our partners at Riverside. Our capital expenditure plan also includes some additional 900 megawatts of wind energy of which 500 megawatts was approved by the Iowa Utilities Board last year. Each term of that approval include a cost cap of $1,830 per KW including AFUDC and transmission, a return on equity of 11% for the life of the asset and a [depreciable] life of 40 years. We have selected GE as the wind turbine supplier for this expansion and acquired enough turbulence from GE during the fourth quarter of 2016 to ensure all 900 megawatts of new wind is eligible for the full level of reduction tax credits. Lower generation is the newest addition to our energy mix and we continue to gain valuable experience and help us to integrate it as well as storage into our electric system. We are currently receiving power from our three solar facilities including Wisconsin's largest solar farm located at our Rock River campus, a learning laboratory at our Madison headquarters and at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Solar investments such as these as well as our planned solar collaboration with the city of Dubuque work to meet our customers growing interest in cleaner and distributed forms of energy. The electric and gas distribution systems continues to be an area of growing investments as customers expect improved reliability, resiliency and security of their power delivery. Standardized voltages and selective reliability improvements such as expansion of our underground electric distribution network are just some of our targeted investments. Also, many communities and industrial customers have requested additional natural gas supply which is giving us the opportunity to upgrade and expand our gas system while at the same time continuing our pipeline safety programs. This year we plan to begin installation of smart meters for Iowa electric and gas customers. This is an important component for a smarter and more resilient power grid. Access to real time information and data will allow us to manage outages two way energy flow and allow for remote connect and disconnects. We expect to complete the Iowa smart meter installation in 2019. We are making good progress and offering our customers innovative solutions and options. The WP&L recently received approval for new residential customer offerings including simpler time-of-use pricing plans, a demand rate pilot, a fixed bill option and lower rates for renewable energy plans. We are also offering both Iowa and Wisconsin customers rebates for installation of charging stations. When we filed the IPL retail electric base rate review, we plan to propose a number of product offerings for our Iowa customers as well. As I wrap up my remarks, I would like to briefly comment on the federal initiatives and the impact they may have on our industry and specifically on Alliant Energy. As I mentioned earlier, the transition of a generation fleet started almost a decade ago. Our plan has been based on economic monetization of our generation fleet to one that is more energy efficient and lower in emissions and water usage. Our plans were never predicated on a clean power plant, but rather they are based on providing our customers, safe, reliable and cost competitive energy while improving the environment of the communities that we have a privilege to serve. The current debate on federal corporate tax reform is very important to our company and our customers and we are very involved in those discussion. In general, lower tax rates should be beneficial to all, however, we must look at any tax reforms in its totality and not react to specific items. Robert will address how their current proposals would impact customers and share owners of Alliant Energy. On the various legislature and regulatory proposals, we will continue to engage with key local, state and federal stake holders as well as customer industry groups such as EEI and navigate for our customers and share owners interest. Let me summarize my key focus areas for the coming year. Our dedicated employees delivered a solid 2016 and will deliver 2017s financial and operating objectives. Our planning continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2017 dividend payout is 63.3% based on our 2017 earnings guidance of $1.99 per share. We expect to complete projects on time and at or below budget in a very safe manner. We will continue working with our regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and customers in a collaborative manner. Continuous focus on serving our customer and being partners in our communities, while reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investments, operational and financial discipline and cost impacted customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. Now I would like to turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Good morning, everyone. We released year end 2016 earnings last evening with our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.88 per share which is $0.13 per share higher than the non-GAAP earnings for yearend 2015. A summary of the year-over-year earnings drivers may be found on slides four, five and six. The major contributors of the year-over-year earnings growth were higher electric and gas margins, and increased AFUDC related to the Marshalltown generating station. I am pleased to report that temperature normalized sales increased approximately 1% as forecasted. The commercial and industrial segments continue to be the largest sales growth classes year-over-year at both the utilities. For 2016 our earnings were not impacted by temperatures, but milder temperatures in 2015 resulted in a negative $0.04 per share variance. Before I move on to discuss 2017 guidance, I would like to point out that at the end of 2016, Alliant Energy’s investment in ATC moved from WPL to one of our non-regulated subsidiaries in accordance with the PSCW order. There was no impact to Alliant Energy’s consolidated financial statements as a result of this change, and we will continue including ATC’s earnings with utilities in future earnings release table. Now, let's briefly review our 2017 guidance. Last evening we issued our consolidated 2017 earnings guidance range of $1.92 to $2.06 earnings per share, a walk from the 2016 non-GAAP EPS to the midpoint of the 2017 estimated guidance range is shown on slide seven. The key drivers for the 6% growth in earnings relate to infrastructure investments which are reflected in WPL’s recently approved electric and gas retail rates, as well as the infrastructure investment for IPL which will be included in interim rates which will go in effect 10 days after we filed the retail electric rate case in the second quarter of 2017. The 2017 guidance range assumes normal temperatures and retail sales growth of approximately 1% when compared to 2016. Please note that when comparing 2016 to 2017 we expect most of the sales growth that come from commercial and industrial class. During the past seven years we've been able to earn on our increasing IPL rate base while keeping base rates flat. The recent rate base additions which include grid modernization, the Marshalltown generating station and investments to advance cleaner energy are driving the need for an electric base rate increase. We expect interim rates will include an annualized electric rate base of approximately $4 billion with the blended ROE of approximate 10% and a common equity ratio of approximately 49%. Franklin County will be included in interim rate base since we received FERC approval for the transfer to IPL earlier this week. We're in the process of finalizing revenue requirements and supporting schedule, thus we are not disclosing the interim revenue requirement dollar amount at this time. Customers will see a minimal impact to their total bills in 2017 since the approximate 5% to 10% interim rate increase will be offset with tax benefit rider billing credits and refunds related to lower transmission ROE. On slide eight we have provided the proposed regulatory schedule for the IPL electric rate proceeding as well as definitions of the key components that will be included in final rates which we expect to impact 2018 earnings. 2017 will be the final year that IPL expect to provide tax benefit rider billing credits through electric and gas customers to help reduce their cost. The 2017 credits are estimated to be close to the $76 million in credits in 2016. As in prior years the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year 2017 results. The WPL retail rate case reflected electric rate base growth for our full year for the Edgewater unified scrubber and bag house which was placed in service in 2016, as well as performance improvement at Columbia. The increase in revenue requirements for these and other rate base additions was partially offset by energy efficiency cost recovery and transmission amortization. As shown on slide nine, the 2017 approved retail electric and gas rate base was about $3 billion within authorized ROE of 10% and a common equity ratio 52%. Slide 10 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC. On this slide we estimate a 2017 consolidated effective tax rate of 18% which is 5% higher than our 2016 consolidated effective tax rate. Also to assist you in modeling, please note that IPL’s interim rates will not be in effect until second quarter. In addition WPL’s new rates are in effect for the full year of 2017, so we have eliminated the summer versus winter pricing differential for Wisconsin retail electric customers. Both are expected to result in changes to our quarterly earnings profile compared to prior year. Turning to our financing plans, our current forecast reflects strong cash flows given the earnings generated by the business and impacts of the extension of bonus depreciation deductions for 2019. Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021 with additional tax payment reductions are expected after 2021 due to the additional wind included in our plan. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carry forward positions as well as future amount of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next few years. Our 2017 financing plan remains consistent with our announcement last November. Our plan assumes we will issue up to $150 million of new common equity later this year, as well as long-term debt of up to $250 million at IPL and $300 million in WPL. We may adjust plans as being prudent if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2017, our equity needs will be driven by renewable investments and the Riverside expansion project. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures beyond 2017 would be financed by operating cash flows and external financing. Our intent is to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL for the most recent retail rate case decision. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2017 which we have summarized on slide 11. For IPL we expect to file the next Iowa electric rate case and receive a decision on our emissions, plan and budget in the second quarter. During the third quarter, we are planning to file the Advanced Remaking Principles for additional winds in the state of Iowa. For WPL, we plan to file a fuel-only case for 2018 by the third quarter which is customary in years where a retail electric rate case is not filed. Also in the third quarter we anticipate filing for a certificate of authority for additional winds for Wisconsin customers. Before I conclude my remarks I would like to share some information on potential tax reform. There is still much uncertainty regarding the content and timing of potential tax reform. There is too early to provide details on the likely outcome. Instead, we are providing one set of assumptions from the various proposals for tax reform and the near-term directional impact of such assumptions to give some indication of how our customers and share owners could be impacted. On slide 12, we have provided these assumptions and some of the issues that could differentiate Alliant Energy from our peers in the industry. These differences include our existing net operating loss position at our two utilities are low, non-regulated impairment debt, flow-through accounting in our Iowa jurisdiction and PTC credits generated by our wind farm. First, we have deferred tax assets on a regulated books related to federal net operating losses that we currently expect to utilize to offset taxable income through 2021. These deferred tax assets are part of the rate base calculations for both IPL and WPL and are expected to decline over the next five years under current tax provision as we utilize such NOLs. If 100% expensing of capital expenditures is included in tax reform, we expect the utilization of our NOLs would slow down and extend beyond 2021 resulting in modest increases in IPL's and WPL’s rate base in the near-term. Second, Alliant Energy has a strong balance sheet with no long-term debt at the parent and approximate $550 million of long-term debt at its non-regulated subsidiaries. If tax reform includes the loss of interest deductibility this relatively low debt level should not result in a significant impact on our results. Third, we are monitoring if IPL’s flow-through tax methodology will continue to be available to state commission following tax reform. If the requirements of the tax code provide no flexibility in how state commissions decide the recovery of certain property related timing differences. This could result in a slight rate increase for IPL customers over the near-term. WPL’s income taxes are normalized therefore WPL customers should not be impacted by this issue. Finally, we are advocating for the retention of production tax credit under the current phase-out rules, as well as other credits earned under the current tax code so that we may continue providing such benefits to our customers. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and we look forward to meeting with many of you throughout this year. At this time, I will turn the call back over the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session .
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time the company will call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go first to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Susan Gille: Hi, Brian.
Brian Russo: I understand that you don’t want to provide a revenue requirement request in the upcoming IPL rate case, but I’m just curious in general what percent of that rate increase would you say is attributable to the Marshalltown?
Susan Gille: I’ll pass it on to Robert.
Robert Durian: Yes. I would see a significant majority of the interim rate increase levels will be based on the Marshalltown generating station and the return on that investment.
Brian Russo: Okay. Good. Because that’s been pre-approved, correct?
Robert Durian: That’s correct.
Brian Russo: And you mentioned that the interim rate would be based on a blended 10% ROE, if Marshalltown is 11%, how do you get 10% blended?
Robert Durian: We have to use as precedence of what was used in the last rate cases, and because of the double leverage issue that we have to continue to apply until we can proceed with that issue in the next rate case. Really that double leverage brings down the non-advanced remaking principles down about 9.5% and therefore when you blend that with Marshalltown, Emery and Whispering Willow, that also have higher ROEs, it ends up being about 10% blended.
Brian Russo: Got it. And I may have missed this before, but did you say you have no parent debt now?
Robert Durian: That is correct. As of the end of 2016 we no longer have any parent company.
Brian Russo: Okay. So that the prior parent debt that created the double leverage at IPL no longer exist.
Robert Durian: That is correct.
Brian Russo: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next is Gregg Orrill with Barclays.
Gregg Orrill: Thank you.
Susan Gille: Good morning.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning. I was wondering when for modeling purposes the -- I apologize if you said this, when the incremental CapEx on renewable projects in 2019 would go into rate base?
Robert Durian: This is Robert, Gregg. So right now were scheduled to try and put in the service the wind projects in 2019 in 2020. I would say a small portion of its going to go into 2019 and so it won't have a significant impact on the 2019 rate base. We are projecting to update our rate base information and present that as part of the information that we’ll share next week, and so we’ll be posting that probably sometime early next week if you want to look at that the online.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. We’ll do. Thank you.
Robert Durian: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time question.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 3, 2017 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Caller should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor Section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Investor Relations Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Hanson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert Durian - Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat, Tom and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter 2016 earnings, and narrowed 2016 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release, which is available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. With Veterans Day just a few days away, I would like take a moment to pay tribute to the approximately 400 proud veterans that work for Alliant Energy and to those veterans that are on the call with us today. We thank you for your service to our country and for protecting the freedom of people around the world. I also want to extend my thanks and appreciation to the military families that support those on active duty as well as our veterans. Yesterday, we issued a press release, which included third quarter and year-to-date financial results, narrowed our 2016 earnings guidance range and announced the 2017 common stock dividend target. That release also provided an updated annual capital expenditure plans through 2020 and our forecast for total CapEx for 2021 through 2025. I am pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter. Warmer than normal winter temperatures lowered first part of earnings with warmer summer increased third quarter earnings resulting in a year to date temperature impact sales being close to normal. Therefore temperature variances had virtually no impact on our year to date earnings. So with summer behind us, we are narrowing our 2016 earnings guidance with a midpoint remaining at $1.88 per share which is consistent with earnings guidance provided to the November 16 on a post-split basis. Tom will provide details for the quarter later in the call. As we previously indicated 2017 earnings guidance will 2017 earnings guidance will be issued in conjunction with our yearend call this February. However, I am reaffirming that our long term earnings growth objective remain at 5% to 7%. Yesterday we also announced a 7% increase for our targeted 2017 common dividend to $1.26 per share. 2017 dividend target payout ratio is consistent with a long term progress dividend payout ratio 67% consolidated earnings. We also issued our 2016 to 2020 updated capital expenditure plan totaling $6.6 billion as shown on slide 2. In addition on slide 3, we have provided a walk from the previous 2016 to 2019 plan to our current plan. As you can see the changes are driven primarily by additional renewable generation investment offset partially with lower capital project that are part of the company. As you can see on slide 4, we have provided a 10 year view of our forecasted expenditures. These investments in first five years of the 10 year plan are higher than previously disclosed as we are accelerating our previously forecasted renewable investments for IPL and WPL to take advantage of Federal Production Tax Credit. We are fortunate that we have the ability to serve our customers with economic renewable generation which has the added benefit of providing stable fuel cost. As energy technologies evolve we will continue to evaluate our investment opportunity to better serve our customer. Our current plan does include additional generation need beyond 2020 as we anticipate about the renewable and natural gas generation investment. While reviewing slide 4, it is also important to note that over 50% of the 10 year capital plan has projected to enhance electric and gas distribution systems. Customers and communities expect us to maintain liability by creating a system that has increasingly interactive and dynamic. This includes making investments that includes making investments that accelerate the integration of new technologies including distributed resources. Also for your convenience we have already posted on our website EEI Investor Presentation that details the separate IPL and WPL updated capital expenditures for 2020 as well as updated rate base and construction work in progress estimate. Now let me preview on our Fed regulatory activity. Last month we shared with you the settlement reached with the customer groups in Iowa relating to our advanced rate making principle filing associated with 500 megawatts new wind project in Iowa. I am pleased to report that last week the IUB issues order on the proposal in an excavated [ph] fashion. Each times the order ensued a cost cap of $1830 per kilo watt including allowance for funds used during construction and transition cost, a return effectively of 11% until the life of the asset and depreciable life of 40 years. The new project is included in our capital expenditures and construction work in progress forecast and they repaid estimates assume 250 megawatt are to be in service from 2019 and the remaining 250 megawatt in service in 2020. We are currently evaluating the bids from the wind suppliers and should have that selection by year end to qualify for the 100% of the federal production tax credits. Renewable energy is currently a meaningful part of our energy sources, including 568 megawatts of owned wind generation and approximately 730 megawatts renewable purchase power agreements. The new Iowa wind project will add up to 500 megawatts, which will place Alliant Energy as one of the leading U.S. electric utilities with owned wind energy for its customers. We also plan to transfer the 100 megawatt Franklin County wind farm to IPL from Alliant Energy Resources and we’ll file that request with FERC later this month. If our application is approved by FERC, we would expect to transfer Franklin County to IPL during the first quarter of 2017. We expect the investment to be evaluated as part of our revenue requirement for the IPL rate case filing in the spring of 2017. The Franklin County wind farm would then be combined with its neighbor IPL’s Whispering Willow Wind Farm. In addition to IPL’s additional 500 megawatt wind expansion in the planned transfer of the 100 megawatt Franklin County to IPL, we are exploring options for IPL and WPL to own and operate additional new wind generation. Our current estimate of capital expenditures assumed 400 megawatts of additional new wind generation split evenly between IPL and WPL. But the final size and allocation between IPL and WPL is subject to change any further evaluation. Solar generation is also an expanding part of our balance generation portfolio as we continue to gain experience and are best integrated into the electric system. We now have several solar projects within our service territory including Wisconsin's largest solar farm on our Rock River landfill in Beloit at our Madison headquarters and at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. We believe initiatives such as these, as well as our announced solar collaboration with the city of Dubuque are important to bring in renewable sources closer to our customers and working with them to create a sustainable energy future. Now, let me brief you on our 2016 construction activities with forecasts investments of $1.2 billion. Included in that is approximately $300 million for electric distribution system to continue to make the more robust, reliable, and resilient. This year’s plan also includes approximately $170 million from improvements and expansion of our natural gas distribution business, almost double prior year spending. And we broke ground at the Riverside expansion in September. We expect the output from the new Riverside expansion to be approximately 700 megawatt and the total interest paid to project cost remains at approximately $700 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. Riverside is expected to be supplying energy to our customers by early 2020. AECOM has been selected for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction and the combustion turbines are G Frame 7, some of the most efficient unit and production. The courts have recently signed the letter of intent to acquire approximately 60 megawatts of Riverside, which is subject to PSCW approval. Once approved, the cops will start acquiring their share of the project during the construction phase. Also the PSCW approved the revised operating plan to allow for WPL to increase its ownership share of Columbia, whereas WPS and [indiscernible] will decrease their ownership share. In Iowa, the Marshalltown natural gas-fired generating facility is progressing well and it’s approximately 94% complete. Total capital expenditures for this project are anticipated to be approximately $700 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. Marshalltown is expected to go in service in the spring of 2017. Riverside and Emery are two primary existing gas generation facilities continuing to experience increase this batch when compared to last year. During the first nine months of 2016, Emery is averaging 40% capacity factor and Riverside average capacity factor exceeding 55%. The ability to lean on our gas-fired generation during periods of low gas prices and also as a flexible resource during periods of low wind or cloudy days, demonstrates the value of gas resources and our balance energy mix. Moving to our existing coal fleet, we’re nearing the end of our successful construction program to reduce emissions at our largest facilities. WPL’s Edgewater unified scrubber and bag house project was completed on time and below budget earlier this year. Construction of the Columbia unit to SCR is approximately 35% complete and the total CapEx is anticipated to be $50 million and is expected to be in service in 2018. There are several new regulations on the horizon dealing with ash ponds, bottom ash, and water usage at our coal-fired generating stations. We have developed a plan and have begun to initiate the work needed to comply with these rules and regulations and ash pond closures and bottom ash conversion projects already underway in Iowa. In Wisconsin, the PSCW approved our application for bottom ash conversion at Edgewater 5. The total capital expenditures for our water and ash program are anticipated to be over $155 million during the next 10 years and are included in our capital expenditure forecast and rate base projections. During the past two years, we have been executing on a plan for the orderly transition of our generating fleet to serve our customers in an economic manner. We've made progress building a generation portfolio that is lower emissions, very fuel diversity, and it's more cost effective. The transition includes increasing levels of natural gas fires and renewable energy generation, installing emission controls and performance upgrades at our largest coal-fired facilities and lower levels of coal generation to reduce the economic dispatched retirements and fuel switching. We've also started water and ash programs at our facilities to be current and expected future environmental requirements. And I'm proud of that we've accomplished all that by holding electric base rates flat for both IPL and WL this 2011. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We will continue to deliver 2016’s financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide 5% to 7% earnings growth and then 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2017 dividend increased by 7% over 2016 dividend. Successful execution of our major construction projects include completing projects on time and at a below budget and in a safe manner; working with our customers, regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and communities in a collaborative manner; reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster while keeping our focus on serving our customers and being good partners in our communities. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impact to customers. Now before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to thank him for his thoughtful leadership and being by my side through the past five years. The strong relationship he developed across our company, industry, and investor community have made a difference for our customers, employees, and share owners, and wish Tom and his family all the best as he transitions to a new phase of life. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Thank you, Pat. Good morning, everyone. We released third quarter 2016 earnings last evening with our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.80 per share, which was $0.01 per share lower than the non-GAAP earnings in the third quarter of 2015. A summary of the quarter-over-quarter earnings drivers may be found on Slides 5, 6, and 7. The non-recurring $0.23 per share charges for the third quarter of this year relate to the asset valuation charges for the Franklin County wind farm. As Pat indicated, we plan to seek FERC approval to transfer this asset to IPL and per Iowa Administrative Code, the transfer must be made at the lower cost to market. The current value of the Franklin County wind farm as of September 30th, 2016 was determined to be approximately $33 million subject to working capital adjustments. When 2016 earnings guidance was issued in November 2015, we forecasted temperature normalized retail electric sales would increase 1% for the two utilities. Through the first three quarters of this year, temperature normalized sales increased almost 1%. IPL sales are relatively flat year-over-year, whereas WP&L sales had exceeded 1% sales growth forecast. The commercial and industrial segments continue to be the largest sales growth customer classes year-over-year in both utilities. The third quarter 2016 results included adjustment to our ATC earnings to reflect the recent FERC decision related to the first complaint and the anticipated decision related to the second complaint filed regarding the ROE levels charged by transmission owners in MISO. The reserve for the first complaint reflects an all-in ROE of 10.82% and the reserve for the second complaint reflected an anticipated all-in ROE of 10.2%. This reserve was triggered by the FERC ALJ’s initial decision on the second complaint issued in June of this year. We are expecting a FERC decision by the second quarter of 2017 for the second complaint. Now, let's briefly review our 2016 guidance. Since we are through the three quarters of this year, we have narrowed the 2016 earnings guidance range to $1.84 to a $1.92 per share, which leaves the middle point still at $1.88 per share, consistent with the guidance we issued in November 2015. As you look forward to the fourth quarter, I would like to remind you of a couple unusual negative drivers for the fourth quarter 2015 earnings. First fourth quarter 2015 temperatures negatively impacted earnings by $0.04 per share on a post-stock basis. Also we recorded additional reserves related to ATC in the fourth quarter of 2015 since the ALJ issued the opinion on the first MISO ROE complaint. And, finally timing of income taxes was a negative driver on the fourth quarter of 2015. These reminders should assist you with your estimation of the fourth quarter 2016 earnings. Slide 8 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC. On this slide, we estimate an allied energy consolidated effective tax rate of 14%, which is 4% lower than our effective tax rate guidance provided as part of the second quarter call. The reduction in the estimated effective tax rate for the consolidated energy is primarily the result of the Franklin County asset valuation charges recorded this quarter. As I conclude my last earnings call remarks, I would like to extend my best wishes and thanks to all the analysts, investors, and employees. It has been a pleasure working with and getting to know all of you. I'm very proud of how this company has evolved over the last 36 years. And all of you have been instrumental in making the journey memorable and successful. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Robert to review the financing plans and regulator calendar.
Robert Durian: Starting with our financing plans, our current forecast reflects strong cash flows, given the earnings generated by the business and impacts of the extension of bonus depreciation deductions through 2019. As a result of the five-year extension of bonus depreciation, Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments to 2021. With additional tax payment reductions expected after 2021, due to the additional wind investments included in our plans, this forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carryforward positions, as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next two years. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our targeted liquidity and capitalization ratios, as well as high quality credit ratings. Our 2016 financing plan assumes we’ll issue approximately $25 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan. We have completed the long-term debt issuances for 2016, which included issuing long-term debt of $300 million at IPL and $500 million that are non-regulated businesses. $310 million of such proceeds were used to refinance the maturity of term loans at our parent and non-regulated businesses. Our 2017 financing plan assumes we will issue up to $150 million of new common equity, as well as long-term debt of up to $250 million at IPL and up to $300 million at WPL. We may adjust these plans as deemed prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2017, our equity needs will be driven by the Riverside expansion project and renewable investments in our capital expenditure plans. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures beyond 2017 will be financed by operating cash flows and a combination of debt and new common equity. Our intent is to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL consistent with the most recent retail base rate case decision. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2016 and 2017, which we have summarized on Slide 9. For IPL, our permit applications for the Clinton Natural Gas pipeline and then up to 500 megawatt Iowa wind investment have been approved. Later this quarter, we plan to file a request with FERC to transfer the Franklin County wind farm from Alliant Energy Resources to IPL. We anticipate receiving a decision on this request prior to our Iowa retail electric filing anticipated in the spring of 2017. We expect to file the next Iowa retail gas base rate case in the second quarter of 2017. For WPL, we filed our 2017 and 2018 retail electric and gas base case, which resulted from collaboration with the Citizens Utility Board, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and PSCW staff. This filing includes new pricing options and an increase in the fixed charge component of tariffs. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW by the end of this year with new rates effective January 1st, 2017. Finally, I would like to update you on the information we plan to share during the year end call. Typically during the third quarter call, we provided our following year's earnings guidance. Due to our planned filing of the IPL electric base rate case in 2017, we anticipate issuing 2017 earnings guidance during the year end call next February. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and we look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference next week. As Pat mentioned, the presentation for this event has been posted in our web site this morning. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Durian. At this time, the company will open up the call for questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour time frame for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Russo: Sorry if I missed this early, but the 7% dividend growth target in ‘17, how does that kind of translate into your targeted payout ratio?
Pat Kampling: Sure, Brian. Yeah, we're still in our targeted range of 60% to 70% and you'll get more clarity on that answer when we release the earnings guidance at the year-end call in February.
Brian Russo: Understood, so, I know - I know you're not giving ‘17 guidance, but could you put that in context? Is that at the higher or the lower end of the range or just comfortable within?
Pat Kampling: Yeah, Brian, I’ll just have to leave it where I answered it. I'm sorry.
Brian Russo: Yeah, understood. And then in terms of the post 2017 capital needs, should we think about the timing of equity more with the timing that some of the large scale projects are commercially operational or is it just - is it more so your target capital ratios at the utilities?
Pat Kampling: Brian, I’ll let Robert to respond to that.
Robert Durian: Yeah, good morning, Brian. Yeah, what we're doing is we're targeting capitalization ratios that are consistent with our rate case decisions for both IPL and WPL. And so, the equity needs beyond 2017 are largely going to be driven by the capital that we need for the Riverside expansion, as well as the wind investment that we're proposing. So, there will - during constructions, it will actually be towards the end of the cycle, which is in the 2019-2020 timeframe, we will need some most likely equity before that.
Brian Russo: Got it. Okay. And you mentioned the C&I customer sales and growth. Can you just maybe elaborate on kind of which industries you're seeing strengthened?
Tom Hanson: We're seeing some across the board. What’s important here is it’s more a reflection of maybe adding a second or third shift. We're seeing some expansions relapsing and new companies coming under our service territory. But we do have the benefit of seeing some benefit across various FIC codes. But as I stated, it's more in Wisconsin than in Iowa at least for 2016.
Brian Russo: Got it. And could you tell us what the weather impact to earnings were versus normal in the third quarter?
Robert Durian: What we saw - this is Robert. What we saw in the third quarter is actually a $0.02 increase of our earnings as a result of weather in the third quarter and actually for the year-to-date for about a penny ahead of forecast for the first nine months.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. Thank you very much and Tom best of luck in the future.
Tom Hanson: Thank you, Brian.
Pat Kampling: Brian, see you next week.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 11, 2016 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. & Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company's website later today. We all thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Pat Kampling – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Durian – Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Susan Gille – Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Scott Senchak – Cannon Asset Management Limited
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Robert, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. Tom is not on the call today, since he is on vacation with this family this week. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter 2016 earnings, and reaffirmed 2016 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2016 earnings call. As Susan mentioned, Tom Hanson is of vacationing with his children and grandchildren. So, Robert Durian and I will handle today's call.  I will begin with an overview of our second quarter performance, then review the progress made and advance in cleaner energy and creating a smarter energy infrastructure for our customers. I will then turn the call over to Robert to provide details on our second quarter financial results, as well as the review the regulatory calendar. Earnings from continuing operations for second quarter of 2016 when compared to 2015 increased by $0.03 per share which include the $0.02 positive margin impact from temperatures, remaining difference was primarily result of higher allowance refunds used during construction related to the Marshalltown Generating Station. We shared some exciting news last week as Governor Branstad and I announced our proposed $1 billion investment for additional wind generation in Iowa. As you recall, we had originally forecasted additional renewal investments in the second five years of our 10-year capital plan. This plan accelerates this investment in order to take advantage of the full benefit of the production tax credit extension. This means that the expected in-service dates of the new wind project will now be in 2019 and 2020. With this announcement, IPL filed an advanced rate-making principles application for RPU with the Iowa Utilities Board for fast approval to add owned and operated wind resources of up to 500 megawatts. A portion of the wind will likely be located near our existing Whispering Willow site in Franklin County, Iowa. We are also pursuing additional land options. We have requested a return on equity of 11.5%. Details of the filings maybe found on Slide 2. As part of this filing, we have requested a temporary renewable energy rider. This rider would allow us to start recovering a return of and on the wind farm when they are placed in service, with us filing a traditional rate case. The rider also allows our customers to immediately receive the financial benefit of the reduction tax credits along with the energy benefit of the wind generation produced. If the rider is approved, it's expected to remain in effect until the IUB's final decision and a future retail electric base rate case. We have requested that the IUB's make decision on this RPU application during the fourth quarter of this year, choose to make determined down payment to secure the full production tax credit extension level. The full production tax credits, and estimated energy benefits would more than offset, the return of and on the net investment and related O&M expenses resulting in a savings to customers over the life of the asset. The production tax credits will decrease by 20% if we are not able to initiate our investment until next year.  We issued an RFP to several wooden suppliers in late June and expect those responses in a few weeks. After we evaluate the responses, you will then have a better estimate of the total cost and timing of the capital expenditures for the proposed project. If this project is approved, we don't expect our 2016 to 2019 capital plan to change materially. We are finding that some of our planned capital projects are coming in below the original forecast and we expect to reprioritize and in some instance delay certain other capital expenditures that have not yet begun. We will update our capital expenditure plan as part of our third quarter earnings release. We do not anticipate that these changes to our capital expenditure plan will cause a change in our long-term earnings growth rate projections of 5% to 7%. Renewable energy has been a meaningful part of our energy resources. We currently have 568 megawatts of owned wind generation and anticipate supplementing that with approximately 770 megawatts renewable purchase power agreements. The proposed Iowa investment with almost 12 owned and operated wind generation and placed Alliant Energy as one of the leading U.S. electric utilities with owned wind energy for our customers. In addition to the RPU request of 500 megawatt of new wind investments, we anticipate filing a restructuring request with the IUB maybe this quarter to transfer the Franklin County wind farm from Alliant Energy Resources to IPL. The transfer must be made as a lower of cost or market. Therefore our application -- if our application is approved by both the IUB and FERC, we would expect to take a non-recurring pre-tax charge of approximately half of Franklin County's net book value. We are also evaluating additional wind energy purchases and future investments for Wisconsin customers. This will add economic and stable energy to our fuel cost and allow us to offset market purchases of energy. Solar generation is also and expanding part of our renewable portfolio. We continue gathering value experience on how best to integrate solar in a cost-effective manner into our electric system. At our Madison headquarters, over 1,300 solar panels are now generating power for the building. Wisconsin's largest solar farm on our Rock River land field which is adjacent to Riverside is also now generating power. In Iowa construction is quickly progressing at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids. We will own and operate the solar panels. A group of these as well as our recent announcement of the solar collaboration with the City of Dubuque are important to bringing renewable sources closer to our customers and working with them to create sustainable energy future. Next week, we will issue our first corporate sustainability report which is an expansion of our past environmental report. The report does highlight that we had made significant reductions in NOx, Sox and mercury emissions. Report also highlights that carbon emissions continue to decrease due to additional renewable energy, increase use of efficient natural gas-fired generation and the transition of our cold-generation fleet. Therefore, we expect our carbon emissions to be reduced by 40% by 2030 from 2005 levels. Now let me brief you on our 2016 construction activities with forecast investments of over $1.1 billion, it's almost half of that focused on our distribution system. Approximately $300 million is seen invested in our electric distribution system to make them more robust, reliable and resilient. This year's plan also includes approximately $200 million for improvements of expansion of our natural gas distribution business and several prior years trimming. As you are aware, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approved the certificate of public convenience a necessity for the rural side expansion earlier this year. We expect the asset on the new Riverside units to be approximately 700 megawatt and the total anticipated capital expenditures remains at approximately $700 million excluding AAPC and transmission. Riverside is expected to be supplying energy to our customers by early 2020. AECOM has been selected to perform the engineering, procurement and construction, and the combustion turbines selected are GE 27s [ph] some of the most efficient units on production. In Iowa the Marshalltown natural gas-fired generating facility is progressing well and is approximately 85% complete. Total capital expenditures for this project anticipated to be approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. Marshalltown is on time and on budget and is expected to go in service in the spring of 2017. Riverside and Emery are two primary existing gas generating facilities continue to experience increased dispatched when compared to prior years. During the first half of 2016, Riverside and Emery's capacity factors were approximately double their five year average. The ability to be on a gas-fired generation during period of low gas prices and also as a flexible resource during period of low wind or cloudy days demonstrate the importance of this resource and our balance energy mix. Moving on to our existing cold fleet, we're nearing the end of our successful construction program to review submissions at our largest facilities. The Edgewater Unit 5 scrubber and baghouse project was completed on time and below budget. Constriction of the Columbia Unit 2 SCR is approximately 18% complete. WPL's total capital expenditure plan for this project is anticipated to be approximately $50 million, and it is expected to go in service in 2018. There are several new regulations on the horizon ash plants, bottom ash and water usage at our cold-fired generating station. We have developed a plan and have begun to initiate that work needed to comply with these rules and regulations. Ash plant closers and bottom ash conversion projects are underway in Iowa, as that one is IPLs filed commission plan and budget. In Wisconsin PSCW recently approved our application for bottom ash conversion at Edgewater 5. The total expenditures for our ash and water programs anticipated to be over $200 million for the next seven years. The rate base estimates provided in our Investor Relations presentation includes a near-term expenditure for this program. During the past few years, we have been exciting on a plan for the orderly transition of our generating fleet to serve our customers in an economic manner. We made progress in building a generation portfolio that has lower emissions, greater fuel diversity and is more cost efficient. The transition includes increasing levels of natural gas-fired renewable energy generation, lower levels of coal generation through retirements and fuel switching, installing emission controls and performance upgrades at our largest coal-fired facilities. We have also started water and ash programs at our facilities to be occurring and expect future requirements. And I am proud of the fact, we've accomplished all of that while holding electric base rates flat for both IPL and WPL since 2011. Let me summarize our key messages. We will work to deliver 2016's financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2016 dividend increased by 7% over 2015 dividends.  The central execution of our major construction projects, includes completing projects on time and at or below budget and in a safe manner. Working with our customers, regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups, neighboring utilities and communities in a collaborative manner. Reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster, while keeping the focus on serving our customers and being good partners in our communities, and we will continue to manage the Company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost effective customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Durian: : A summary of the quarter-over-quarter earnings drivers may be found on Slide 3, 4 and 5. Consistent with the growth assumed in our 2016 earnings guidance, retail electric temperature normalized sales for Iowa and Wisconsin increased approximately 1% between the first half of 2015 and the first half of 2016 excluding Minnesota. The commercial and industry segment continue to be the largest sales growth drivers year-over-year. The second quarter 2016 result's included adjustments to our ATC earnings to reflect and anticipated decision related to the second complaint filed regarding the return on equity level charged by transmission owners and MISO. We reserved $0.01 per share in the second quarter of 2016 reflecting and anticipated all-in ROE of 10.2%, a reduction of 200 basis points from ATC's current authorized ROE of 12.2%. This reserve was triggered by the FERC Administrative Law Judges initial decision on the second complaint issued in June 2016. We are expecting a FERC decision by the end of this year for the first complaint, and within the first quarter of 2017 for the second complaint. Now let's briefly review our 2016 guidance. In November, we issued our consolidated 2016 earnings guidance range of $1.80 to $1.95 per share on a full stock split basis. The key drivers for the 5% growth in earnings relate to infrastructure investment such as the emission control equipment at Edgewater 5 and Lansing, and higher AFUDC related to the construction of the Marshalltown generating station. The earing guidance is based upon the impacts of IPLs and WPLs previously announced retail electric base rate settlements. In 2016, IPL expects to cut its customer's bill by approximately $10 million. By comparison, the billing credits in 2015 were $24 million. IPL also expects to provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $62 million in 2016 compared to $72 million in 2015. As in prior years, that tax benefit riders may have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year results. The WPL settlement for the 2016 test period reflected electric, rate-based growth for the Edgewater scrubber and baghouse which was placed in service this year. The increase in revenue requirements in 2016 for this and other rate base additions was completely offset by lower energy efficiency, cost recovery amortizations. In addition, Slide 6 is provided to assist you in modeling 2016 effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC. Turning to our financing plans, our current forecast incorporates the extension of bonus depreciation deductions through 2019. As a result of the five year extension to bonus depreciation, Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021. With additional tax payment reductions expected after 2021 with the proposed wind investment at IPL, This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and the credit carry-forward positions, as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next five years. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our targeted liquidity and capitalization ratios as well as high quality credit ratings. Our 2016 financing plan assumes we'll issue approximately $25 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan. The 2016 financing plan also anticipates issuing long-term debt up to $300 million at IPL and up to $500 million at our non-regulated businesses. $310 million of such proceeds are expected to be used to refinance the maturity of term loans at our Parent and non-regulated businesses. As we look beyond 2016, our equity needs will be driven by the Riverside expansion project and a requested 500 megawatt wind investment at IPL. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures for 2017 would be financed primarily by a combination of debt and new common equity. Our 2017 financing plan currently assumes issuing up to $150 million of new common equity. We may adjust our financing plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2016 and 2017, which we have summarized on Slide 7. For IPL, our permit application for the Clinton Natural Gas pipeline has been approved. During the rest of this year, we'll be supporting the filings to add up to 500 megawatts of wind in Iowa and later this quarter, we plan to file a restructuring request to transfer the Franklin County wind farm from Alliant Energy Resources to IPL. We anticipate receiving decisions on both of these filing prior to our Iowa retail electric filing anticipated in April 2017. We expect to file the next Iowa retail gas based rate cases in the second quarter of 2017. For WPL, we filed 2017 and 2018 retail electric and gas based rate case, which resulted from collaboration with the Citizens Utility Board, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and PSCW staff. On Slide 8 we have provided a procedural schedule and the key financial elements of this retail electric and gas increase proposal. This filing includes new pricing options, as well as in increase in the fixed charge component of chairs [ph]. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW by the end of this year with new rates effective January 1, 2017. Finally, I would like to update you on the information we plan to share during our next two quarterly earnings calls. Typically, during the third quarter, we have provided our following year's earnings guidance and dividend target, as well as updated capital expenditures and rate base forecast. Due to our planned filing of the IPL electric base rate case in 2017, we anticipate issuing 2017 earnings guidance during the year end call next February. During our third call in November of this year, we expect to provide 2017 dividend target, update capital expenditure forecast and update rate base forecast. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company. At this time I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Durian. At this time the company will open up the call to questions for members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's Management will take as many questions as they can, within the one hour time frame for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Hey good morning everyone. I didn't know Tom take vacation. I actually thought he was in the office. 
Pat Kampling: We're not sure if this is a real vacation for him with all the little kids he's with right now, just to be honest.
Andrew Weisel: First question, a quick one, on Franklin I believe you said it's the lower of cost to market, so that would likely result in a charge in the next quarter. Are you able to give what the book value is, your expectation of the sell price, and is there any precedent of a transfer like that in Iowa going from an unregulated subsidiary to a regulated one within the same Parent company?
Pat Kampling: You asked a lot of questions there. Let me take them in order, and Robert chime in, when need be. We actually have on the investment deck on Slide 29 where we have the renewable energy win slide and we've put on that the book value of Franklin County and this was at year end, approximately $130 million Andrew. So, at the time of the transfer would be completed, want to probably check the impairment. So, we're looking into not receiving full approval into early next year, so that's something we'll be evaluating over the next several months. You asked about precedent. You know, again, you are familiar that we've done this on the Wisconsin side of the house already, so we've been working with the parties in Iowa to make sure they understand exactly what we'll be asking for at that point. So, I don't expect to have any large issue with this, and again the rules of that transferred at the lower cost of market, so we'll be following those rules absolutely as well.
Andrew Weisel: Great. That's helpful. Next on the new wind project, your neighbors at [indiscernible] obviously also announced a pretty major investment in wind in the state. Have the two of you talked about working together, or do you know are regulators considering the proposal, similarly, competitively, independently, how should we think about those two projects going in tandem?
Pat Kampling: They are two separate dockets as you are well aware. MidAm is a little bit ahead of us, so I would consider them two separate dockets. As you are well aware though, we are partners with MidAm and several other joint coal units that we have a great relationship with them. But working with the state, as you can tell from our announcement, the state is very excited about both our investment and virtuous investment, so we're working with the state jointly to make sure that all these wind projects are delivered on time for our customers. So there is a very cooperative step between the two of us, but it is -- they are two different dockets.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. Is there any concern about lack of enough resources whether it's equipment or labor or lands?
Pat Kampling : No not at all. Again, before we made the filing, use issued the RFP to the vendors just to make sure that we still have supply out there. We haven't received the bids back yet, but the discussion with the vendor is going very, very well. As you are aware, we actually have the land around Franklin County already. So, we're actually talking to the towns people, and they are very excited for us to be putting more wind around their county. So, we don't anticipate with either utility having any issues with land in Iowa or resources getting these large projects completed.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Then my last one. You mentioned that you are not expecting any chances of long-summer earning power. I'm a little surprised by that just because if this is going to be lowering your O&Ms and avoiding some purchase power, I would think that would create some headroom. I know customer bill affordability is your, if not top concern, one of your top concerns. Shouldn't that create some headroom for at least some incremental CapEx flow with your prior guidance?
Pat Kampling : No. This is really too early to be upfront to answer that. We really need to step back and look at our multi-year plan Andrew and our rate case planning. But right now we're targeting our capital plan over the next few years. So we really target that 5% to 7%.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thank you for all the details.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann
Brian Russo: Good Morning. Can you just tell us what the Franklin County wind farm EPS contribution is in your 2016 guidance?
Pat Kampling : I'll turn it over to Robert.
Robert Durian: Right now, we've expect about a $0.02 to $0.03 loss for 2016 which is pretty consistent with what we've seen over the past few years for Franklin County.
Brian Russo: Okay great. And I realize you guys are looking to maintain the five year capital budget, but could there potentially be changes in the annual spend, albeit coming up with same total five year budgeted amount?
Pat Kampling: The think we have to -- once we get the bids back from the winds vendors, we will expect a CapEx in the year of 2018 and 2019 to be increased from what we currently have. So that's what's we are really working through right now. Brian, it's too early to give you an indication of what those annual numbers are going to be, and we'll share that with you on our third quarter call mostly at EEI. But that's what we're going to -- right now to make sure we understand the capital and the financing plan that goes behind the capital plan.
Brian Russo: Then would you expect similar interveners in your Iowa wind filing similar to the interveners in MidAm's filing and those that were part of the settlement agreement?
Pat Kampling: That's a good question. We've been very transparent on this filing in Iowa as you can talk from all the attention we've gotten on it. We just filed last week. It's really too early to tell exactly what other parties are going to be part of it. We'll monitor that and like we've done in other cases, we'll make sure we are very transparent and collaborative with anybody that wants more information on the case.
Brian Russo: Let me ask you maybe a different way. You have large industrial customers that are supportive of kind of a greener overall footprint in their operations.
Pat Kampling: Absolutely. Most of our large customers want to book with us on their sustainability goals as well. So, we've done a lot of outreach trying before we estimate this filing with our large industrial customers. So, I would expect that the case would not have a lot of controversy. But it's too early to say, since we just filed it last week.
Brian Russo: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Senchak with Cannon.
Scott Senchak: Hi, thanks. Good morning. On Franklin, have you -- is there a potential opportunity down the line for repowering there, or is this just more just to bring in rate base and take it out from where it is now?
Pat Kampling: It's really just a transfer between the utilities. But I think all of us that have on the wind farms are looking down over that repowering opportunities, but that's way down the road, not initially. I mean this wind farm is only a couple of years old and is performing very well.
Scott Senchak: Got you. And then, do you guys have any other PPAs for wind currently where you would potentially look at repowering given the IRS guidelines and would you bring them in-house?
Pat Kampling : I would tell you that, first we're focusing on our own new build and the ones that we currently own. We are supplementing as we've done historically. We're going to have another existing 770 megawatts of additional PPAs. We actually like the balance of owned wind and PPA wind. That should help stabilize cost for our customers. But we're not looking at any of that at this point, but there is definitely an opportunity down the road to look at that.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 9, 2016 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. & Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor sections of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Hanson - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Andrew Levi - Avon Capital Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode and today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2016 earnings, re-affirmed 2016 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release, which are available on our website at alliantenergy.com. At this point I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thank you, Su. Good morning and thank you for joining us on the first quarter 2016 earnings call. I will begin with an overview of our first quarter performance. I will now review the progress made and transforming our generation fleet creating a smarter energy infrastructure and expanding our natural gas system. I will then turn the call over to Tom to provide details on our first quarter results as well review our regulatory calendar. Like the utilities in the region mild with the temperatures reduced first quarter results, ours by $0.05 per share. This is quite the opposite from first quarter 2015 where we experienced a positive temperature impact to earnings therefore temperature swings led to a significant quarter-over-quarter variance of $0.09 per share. During the past few years we have been executing on our plan for the orderly transition of our generating fleet and economic manner to serve our customers. We made progress in building a generation portfolio that has lower emissions, greater fuel diversity, is more cost efficient. The transition includes increasing levels of natural gas fired and renewable energy generation, lower levels of coal generation through coal unit retirements and installing emission controls on performance upgrades on largest coal fired facilities. We have also started water and ash program at our facilities to meet current and expected future environmental requirements. Now let me brief you on our construction activities. 2016 is another very active construction year with 4 investments of over $1.1 billion. Our investments are projected to include approximately $300 million for our elective distribution systems. These investments are driven by customer expectations to make our systems more robust, reliable and resilient. This year's plan also includes $200 million for improvements in expansion of our natural gas distribution business almost double our year spending. The electric and gas distribution business will continue to be a focus for future investments as we create a smarter energy infrastructure. Now I will provide an over view of our drilling, investments and gas power generation. As you are aware the Public Sewage Commission of Wisconsin approved the certificate of public convenience and necessity for the river side expansion. And we expect to receive the written order today. We have already received the air permits and are awaiting approval for the water permits. We expect the asset from the new river side units to be approximately 700 MW and the total anticipated capital expenditure for river side remains at approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. The targeted in service state is by early 2020. Later this month we plan to announce the engineering procurement and construction firms selected for this project. In Iowa the Marshalltown natural gas fired generating facility is progressing well and is now approximately 73% complete. Total CapEx is anticipated to be approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. Marshalltown is on time and on budget and is expected to go in service in spring 2017. Riverside and Emery are two primary existing gas generating facilities, had another quarter of significant increase in dispatch when compared to prior years. During the first quarter of 2016 Riverside's and Emery's were more than double their five year averages. The ability to lean on our gas generation during periods of low gas prices results in fuel savings of our customers and shows the importance of a balanced energy mix. Moving on to our existing coal field, we are getting towards the end of our successful construction program to reduce emissions at our largest facility. At Edgewater Unified, we continue on the installation of backhouse. This project is approximately 97% complete and is on time and below budget and should be in service later this year. Total CapEx for these projects are anticipated to be $270 million. And last month construction of the Columbia Unit II SCR began. EPL's total CapEx anticipated to be approximately $50 million and is expected to go in service in 2018. There are several new order and ash regulations being developed by the environmental protection agency which we anticipate will impact 9 of our generating facilities both located across Iowa and Wisconsin. Our water and ash program was designed according to EPA and DNR rules and regulations. We have ash plant closers and bottom ash conversions underway in Iowa as IPLs filed commission plan and budget. In Wisconsin we filed an application for the certificate of authority for bottom ash conversion for Edgewater. The total expenditures for our water and ash programs are anticipated to be over $200 million over the next 7 years. The estimates provided in our investor release presentation include the near term expenditures for this program. As we plan for future generation needs we aim to minimize impacts while providing safe, reliable and affordable energy for our customers. We believe that our current emissions will continue to decrease due to the transition of our generating fleet, the availability of lower natural gas prices and increase of renewable energy. We have continued to invest in and purchase renewable energy. We currently own 568MW of wind generation and purchased approximately 470MW of energy from renewable sources. Our 10 year capital plan includes additional investments to meet customer energy needs. Also we have several solar projects from which we anticipate gathering valuable experience on our best to integrate solar in a cost effective manner into our electric system. At our headquarters over 1300 solar panels have been installed and they are now generating power for the building. Construction has also started on Wisconsin largest solar farm on our Rock River landfill which is adjacent to riverside. In Iowa construction has started on the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids. We will own and operate the solar panels there. We also anticipate collecting additional solar investment opportunities in the near future. Listen to our customers and understand their evolving needs is shaping the path for the future. We have replaced our decade old customer information and billing system which is now providing customers of now many more online self service offerings and robust customer communication options. And we have plans to ramp up additional offerings with this new platform. We are managed our company well and have made great strides growing for our company on behalf of our investors, customers and employees. In fact, our stock price doubled between yearend 2010 and into the first quarter of this year. As recognition of this progress and the growth prospects going forward the Board of Director's announced a two form stock split last month. Each share on record on the close of business on May 4 will receive one additional share for every outstanding common share held on that date. The additional shares will be distributed on May 19 and May 20 shares will be sold at the post-split price. This is a significant milestone that our company and investors should be proud of. Let me summarize today, we will work to deliver 2016 operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our target 2016 dividend increased by 7% over the 2015 dividend. Successful execution of our major construction projects include completing projects on time and at a below budget in a very safe manner, working with the regulators and customers and utilities in a collaborative manner, reshaping the organization to be leaner and faster while keeping our focus on our customers and being good partners in the community. We will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investments, operational and financial discipline and impacts to customers. You are invited to join us at our annual meeting next week which will be held on May 13 in Wisconsin. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning everyone, we released first quarter 2016 earnings last evening with our earnings from continuing operations of $0.86 per share which was $0.01 per share lower than 2015 earnings. a summary of the quarter over quarter earning's drivers may be found on Slide 3. Consistent with our growth assumed in our 2016 earning's guidance retail electric and temperature normalized sales for Iowa, Wisconsin increased to approximately 1% between first quarter 2015 and 2016. The commercial and industrial sectors continued to be the largest hales growth drivers quarter-over-quarter. Now let's briefly review our 2016 guidance. In November we issued our consolidated 2016 earnings guidance range of $3.60 - $3.90 on a pre-stock split basis. The key drivers for the 5% growth in earnings led to infrastructure investments such as the Edgewater and the Lansing emission control equipment. And hire AFUDC related to the Marshalltown generating station. The earing's guidance is based upon the impacts of IPLs and WPLs previously announced retail based rate settlement. In 2016 IPL expects to credit customer builds by approximately $10 million. By comparison the building credits in 2015 were $24 million. IPL expects to provide tax driver billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $62 million compared to $72 million in 2015. Over the years the tax benefit riders may have a timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year results. The WPL settlement reflected electric growth for the Edgewater house projected to be place in service this year. The increase in requirements in 2016 for this and other base additions completely offset by lower energy efficiency recovery amortization. Slide 4 has been provided to assist you in modeling the assisted tax rates in IPL and WPL and AEC. Turning to our forecasted capital expenditures. In March, the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration announced proposed regulations to update the safer requirements for gas pipeline. We currently anticipate final regulations will be issued in 2017. The forecasted capital expenditures provided during our year-end call include estimated amounts for this expected regulations. Now turning to our financing plans. Our current forecast incorporates the extension bonus depreciation deduction through 2019. As a result of the 5 year bonus depreciation Alliant Energy does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carry forward positions as well as future mounted bonus depreciation expected to be taken under federal income tax returns over the next 5 years. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong. Given their earnings generated by business. We believe that with strong cash flows and financing plan we will maintain our target liquidity and capitalization ratios as well as high quality credit rating. 2016 financing plans will soon be issued in approximately $25 million of our new common equity through our share to direct plan. The 2016 financing plan also anticipates issuing the long term debt of up to $300 million of IPL and approximately $400 million of parent Alliant Energy resources. We added $10 million to the proceeds at the energy resources are expected to be used to refinance the maturity of term loans. As we look beyond 2016 our equity needs will be driven by riverside expansion project, our forecast assumes that Capital expenditures for 2017 would be financed primarily by a combination of debt and new common equity. Our 2017 financing plan currently assumes issuing up to $150 million of common activity. We may adjust our financing plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and our debt needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory redactors of note of 2016 and 2017 which we have summarized in Slide 5. During the second quarter this year we anticipate filing a WPL retail electric and gas case for the 2017 and 2018 rates. For IPL we expect decision regarding permit application for approximately $60 million in natural gas pipeline. Iowa and retail electric and gas based cases are expected to be filed in the first half of 2017. We very much appreciate the continued support of your company. At this time I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time the company will open the call for question for members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management team will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Andrew Levi at Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Hi, first question.
Susan Gille: Good morning Andy, congratulations.
Andrew Levi: Thank you. What do I get for anything or?
Pat Thompson: Nothing.
Andrew Levi: Just a quick question. Just on the non-reg, where was the breakdown on the earnings on the non-reg on the quarter?
Pat Thompson: Yes, the railroad and train facility.
Tom Hanson: I think the transportation $0.01 and our non-reg generation was another $0.01. Franklin County was a drag of about $0.01 and then we had activity of about another penny. Last time it was a positive in terms of the other benefits of the parent.
Andrew Levi: Okay and how did the Franklin, the non-reg generation and the railroad, how did that compare to last year?
Tom Hanson: I would say it's fairly consistent.
Andrew Levi: Okay and then just in general on Franklin and the railroads. What's kind of the thinking of the outlook this year relative to last year?
Tom Hanson: I think with Franklin last November when we gave guidance we said it would probably be a drag on earnings of about $0.04 to $0.05. And that is still reasonable, yes.
Andrew Levi: And on the railroad?
Tom Hanson: And assume $0.07 was our current outlook, current forecast we are assuming the same expectations for 2016.
Andrew Levi: $0.07 to the railroad. Is that what the railroad earned in 2015 or was it higher or lower?
Tom Hanson: No it was $0.07 last year as well.
Andrew Levi: Got it, that's all I needed. Thank you very much.
Operator: We move next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning. You reaffirmed your 5% to 7%, does that run through a particular year or through a particular planning periods? Maybe you could just talk about that just a little bit.
Pat Thompson: Yes, Brian we actually based it on last year's weather normalized sales and it goes on for 5 years so till 2019.
Brian Russo: Okay and what was last year's weather normalized sales?
Pat Thompson: $3.57
Brian Russo: Okay. And just remind us the Riverside settlement and options from communities to grow up and energy, just remind us of the timing of that?
Susan Gille: Yes, Brian we updated our Investor Deck so if you got to Slide 9 on the Deck, basically the Wisconsin public service has the option for up to 200 MW in the 2024 timeframe. MG&E has up to 50 MW from the 2020 to 2025 timeframe and the co-op have up to 60 MW and they will determine that in the quarter this year.
Brian Russo: And how is that priced?
Susan Gille: Current book value at the time.
Brian Russo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Moving next to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Good morning, appreciate the commentary on potential equity meets for next year. Just want to understand is that sort of a run rate we should assume for all years in 2017 and beyond or is it sort of a onetime thing? Obviously there's other variables that could make the need go up and down but should we think of that as the number for the next several years or 2017 and there could be more 2018?
Tom Hanson: Assume that as the initial estimate for 2017 and in terms of the outer years. It's going to be somewhat depended on the some of the parties just made reference to, in terms of the Riverside expansion so if and when MG&E might step into Riverside so for now assume up to $150 million applies to only till 2017.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great and the other one there was some change to the effective tax rate forecast in the Slide Deck, I believe and want to confirm. That's earning as neutral and that offsets right to revenue line or is that something that could effectively shake out within the guidance range?
Tom Hanson: There will be some movement with the income statements. What has changed is principally an IPL which will have a less low through benefit. But that could not be impacting earnings. That will be offset someplace else.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. That cancelled the effect of tax rate so both IPL and corporation, I should think of it as neutral?
Tom Hanson: No, think of it as lien adjustment tax and something else will be offsetting it so the earnings guidance will remain consistent with previous estimates.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So the $0.09 benefit in the full year guidance is still a good number to think about?
Tom Hanson: A little bit high but it is not going to be significantly high and will be offset by something else so far, guidance for 2016 is unchanged.
Pat Thompson: We know how carefully you guys track the tax rate so we want to provide the update this quarter.
Andrew Weisel: Yes, appreciate it was just trying to understand the potential impact of the bottom line. Thank you.
Pat Thompson: And Tom counts every penny also.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 12, 2016 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. & Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition an archive of the conference call and the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor sections of the company's website later today. we thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Hanson - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Yearend and Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. AT this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode and today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's yearend and fourth quarter 2015 earnings, affirmed 2015 earnings guidance and provided updated 2016 through 2019 capital expenditure guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release, which are available on our website at alliantenergy.com. At this point I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thank you, Sue. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our yearend earnings call. I'll begin with an overview of 2015 performance and then provide an update on our forecasted capital expenditures and rate base. I'll also share the progress made in transforming our generation fleet, modernizing our electric system and expanding our natural gas system. I'll then turn the call over to Tom to provide details on our 2015 results and 2016 guidance as well as review our regulatory calendar. I am pleased to report we've had another solid year achieving a $3.57 midpoint of our November 2015 guidance range when adding back to negative temperature impact of $0.08 per share to the non-GAAP earnings of $3.49 per share. Our 2015 non-GAAP temperature normalized earnings reflect an increase of over 5% from comparable 2014 earnings as shown on Slide 2. The temperatures of late 2015 did impact our actual yearend results. For the first 10 months of 2015, our financial results were basically temperature neutral, but the one winter we experienced, especially in December resulted in a negative $0.08 per share variance in 2015 earnings. This was quite the opposite for 2014 where we experienced a $0.09 per share positive variance to earnings. Therefore, temperature swings did lead to a significant year-over-year variance of $0.17 per share. We also issued an updated capital expenditure plan for 2016 through 2019, totaling $5 billion as shown on Slide 3. In addition, we have provided a walk from the previous 2016 to 2019 capital expenditure plan to our current plan on Slide 4. As you can see, the $260 million increase in our forecasted 2016 through 2019 capital expenditure plan is driven primarily from accelerated investments from our electric and gas distribution systems. The December 2015 extension of bonus depreciation for certain investments through 2019 has given us the opportunity to bring forward some infrastructure projects that will benefit our customers for years to come. I do want to point out that with this revised capital plan, we expect no material change to the rate base forecast that we provided last November for IPL and WPL through 2018. We anticipate the increase in forecasted capital expenditures will offset the impact resulting from the extension of bonus depreciation. During the past few years, we've been executing on a plan for the orderly transition of our generation fleet in an economical manner to serve our customers. We made significant progress in building a generation portfolio that have lower emissions, greater fuel diversity and is more cost efficient. The transition included installing emission controls and performance upgrades at our largest coal-fired facilities retiring all the less efficient coal units and increasing levels of natural gas fired and renewable energy generation. Since 2010, Alliant Energy has retired or repowered over 1,150 megawatts of coal-fired generation for about one third of our 2009 coal linked plate capacity. These retirements have been replaced with highly efficient gas-fired generation, which produces approximately half of the carbon emissions when compared to coal-fired generation. Though natural gas prices in 2015 resulted in significant changes to the capacity factors of our gas units. Riverside had an approximately 50% capacity factor last year, more than doubled its prior five-year average. Our Emery combined cycle facility also experienced significant increase in operating hours during 2015. With lower gas prices, the additional gas generation in our portfolio resulted in savings for our customers in 2015. Now let me brief you on our construction activities. 2015 was again a very active construction year with over $1 billion deployed. Our investments included approximately $360 million for electric and gas distribution systems. This was one of the largest annual investments in those systems and will be an area of growing investment. These projects are driven by customer expectations to make our electric system more reliable and resilient and to expand natural gas services, especially to communities that did not have access before. In Iowa, the Marshalltown natural gas-fired generating facility is progressing well and is now approximately 75% complete. Forecasted capital expenditure for this project is approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. Marshalltown is on time and on budget and is expected to go in service in the spring of 2017. In Wisconsin, progress continues on the installation of a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater Unified. This project is approximately 90% complete and is on time and below budget. Capital expenditure forecast for this project are approximately $270 million and it is expected to be in service later this year. Driven upgrades and pulverizing replacement work continues at Columbia and these performance improvements projects are expected to be complete next year. This spring construction of a Columbia unit to SCR will begin. WPLs capital expenditure for this project is approximately $50 million and it is expected to go in service in 2018. In 2013, WPL announced that it will retire several older coal facilities and natural gas peaking units and therefore more than 50 years of dependable operation Nelson Dewey and Edgewater Unit 3 were retied in December. The retirement of these units puts several other retirements through 2019 but will result in a reduction of WPL capacities for approximately 700 megawatts.  As a result, WPL proposed to construct the 700 megawatt highly efficient natural gas generating facility referred to as a Riverside Energy Center expansion. We anticipate the Public Service Commission will issue its decision on the Riverside expansion in the second quarter. Earlier this month, we announced that we have negotiated options with neighboring utilities and electric cooperatives for partial Riverside ownership of up to 55 megawatts during the construction facility and up to an additional 250 megawatts during the first five years of the facility is operating.  With this agreement, the cooperatives have extended their wholesale electric contracts at WP&L by four years through 2026. We're pleased that our neighbor utilities realize the benefits of our proposed facility and want to be involved in this exciting and innovative project. While we now expect the other from the Riverside units to be close to 700 megawatts, the capital expenditure for Riverside remains at approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. The targeted and service days has changed from early 2019 to early 2020. Therefore the timing of the capital expenditure have been updated and are reflected on Slide 3 based on input from the EPC bidders. The expenditures presented for Riverside do not reflect the possible capital reduction if the cooperatives exercise their 55 megawatt purchase option during construction. In addition to the Riverside joint ownership option, hub service and MG&E will have the option to limit their capital expenditures at Columbia to paying for only the SCR during the time that Riverside is being constructed. Our capital expenditure plan does not reflect this option being executed. However, we expect that any increase in our capital expenditures at Columbia would be largely offset if the electric co-ops exercise their purchase option 55 megawatts of Riverside. Earlier this month the United States Supreme Court effectively delayed implementation of the clean power plant until legal challenges to the EPAs rules are resolved. This stay will not change our current resource or capital expenditure plan as they were not based on compliance with the clean power plant. As we planned for our future generation needs, we aim to minimize emissions while providing safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. We believe that with the transition of our generation fleet and the availability of lower natural gas prices, our carbon emissions will continue to decrease. We're very fortunate to operating states that have a long history of support for renewable energy and a strong commitment to environmental storage ship. We have and will continue to invest in purchase renewable energy. The currently owned 568 megawatts of wind generation and our 10-year capital plan includes additional wind investments to the customer energy needs. In addition, we currently purchase approximately 470 megawatts of energy from renewable sources. Wind energy provided approximately 8% of our customer's energy needs in 2015. Also your several solar projects under development from which we anticipate gathering valuable experience on how best to integrate solar in a cost effective manner into our electric system. At our Madison headquarters with 1300 solar panels have been installed and they're now generating power for the building. Construction has also started on Wisconsin's largest solar farm on our Rock River landfill, which is adjacent to Riverside. In an Iowa we'll be owning and operating the solar panels at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids and are reviewing responses to the RFP we issued for additional solar in our portfolio. There is a sense of excitement as you work to transform the company to meet our customer's evolving expectations. A major improvement to our customer experience just happened as we went live with our new customer care and billing system. The $110 million investment we placed the interim systems from the 1980s. Our new billing system will make communication with our customers more convenient and timely and will allow for us provide innovative service options. This project was another well executed major initiative. I do want to thank everyone that worked so hard for years to transform our customer experience. At Alliant Energy we've already made great progress transitioning our utilities to a cleaner more modern energy system. This would not have been possible without the hard work and commitment of our employees who keep the customer at the center of everything we do. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We had a solid 2015 and we work hard to also deliver 2016's financial and operating objectives. We anticipate no material change for the rate base growth through 2018 as the updated capital expenditure plan while offset any impact from the extension of bonus depreciation. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2016 dividend increased by 7% over the 2015 dividend target. The central execution on our major construction projects include completing projects on time and at or below budget in a very safe manner. Working with our regulators, consumer advocates; environmental groups, neighboring utilities and customers in a collaborative manner. Reshaping our organization to be leaner and faster while keeping the focus on serving our customers and being good partners in our communities and we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost effective customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released 2015 earnings last evening with our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $3.49 per share and our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $3.38 per share. The non-GAAP to GAAP differences are due to a $0.07 per share charge resulting from the sale of IPOs Minnesota electric and gas distribution assets and a $0.04 per share charge resulting from the approximately 2% of employees accepting voluntary separation packages as we continue focusing on managing cost for our customers. Comparisons between 2015 and 2014 earnings per share are detailed on Slide 5, 6 and 7. Retail, electric, temperature normalized sales increased approximately 1% or $0.04 per share at IPO and WP&L between 2015 and 2014. This excludes the impacts of the Minnesota sale. The industrial segment continues to be the largest sales growth driver year-over-year. The 2015 results include an adjustment to our ATC earnings to reflect an anticipated decision from FERC expected to lower ATCs current authorized ROE of 12.2%. We reserve $0.06 per share for 2015 reflecting an anticipated all in ROE of 10.82%. This is a result of the FERC Administrative Law Judge's initial decision issued in December 2015. Now let’s review our 2016 guidance. In November, we issued our consolidated 2016 earnings guidance range of $3.60 to $3.90. The key drivers for the 5% growth in earnings relate to infrastructure investment such as the Edgewater 5 and Lansing emission control equipment and higher AFUDC related to the construction of the Marshalltown generating station. The 2016 guidance range assumes normal weather and modest retail electric sales increases of approximately 1% for IPO and WP&L excluding the impacts of the Minnesota sale. Also the earnings guidance is based upon the impacts of IPOs and WP&Ls previously announced retail electric base rate settlements. The IPO settlement reflected rate-based growth primarily from placing the Lansing scrubber in service in 2015. In 2016, IPO expects to credit customer builds by approximately $10 million. By comparison the billing credits in 2015 were $24 million. During 2016 IPO also expects to provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $62 million compared to $72 million in 2015. As in prior years the tax benefit riders may have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year results. The WPL settlement reflected electric rate base growth for the Edgewater 5 scrubber in baghouse projected to be placed in service in 2016. The increase in revenue requirements in 2016 for this and other rate base additions was completely offset by lower energy efficiency, cost recovery amortizations. Also included in WP&Ls rate settlement was an increase in transmission cost, primarily related to the anticipated allocation of SSR cost. As a result of a third quarter issued after the settlement, the amount of the transmission cost build to WP&L in 2016 will be lower than what was reflected in the settlement. Since the PSCW approved escrow accounting treatment for transmission costs, the difference between the actual transmission costs billed to WP&L and those reflected in the settlement has been accumulated in a regulatory liability. We estimate that this regulatory liability will have a balance of approximately $35 million by the end of 2016. This regulatory liability is another mechanism we can use to minimize future rate increases for our Wisconsin retail electric customers. Slide 8 has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for IPO, WP&L and AEC for 2016 and provides you the actual effective tax rates for 2015. Turning to our financing plans, our current financing forecast incorporates the extension bonus depreciation deductions for certain capital expenditures for property through 2019. As a result of the five year extension to bonus depreciation, Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021. This forecast is based upon the current federal net operating losses and the credit carry-forward positions as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken under federal income tax returns over the next five years. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our targeted liquidity and capitalization ratios as well as high quality credit ratings. Our 2016 financing plan assumes we'll be issuing approximately $25 million of new common equity through our share owner direct plan. The 2016 financing plan also anticipates issuing long-term debt up to $300 million at IPO and approximately $400 million at the parent and Alliant Energy resources. $310 million of the proceeds at apparent and Alliant Energy resources are expected to be used to refinance maturity of term loans. We may adjust our financing plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to reassessed. As we look beyond 2016, our equity needs will be driven by the proposed riverside expansion project. Our forecast assumes that capital expenditures for 2017 and 2018 would be financed primarily by a combination of debt and new common equity. Before the five-year extension bonus depreciation, we were not expected to make any material federal income tax payments through 2017. Thus, the extension of bonus depreciation is not expected to change our financing needs for the next two years. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2016 and 2017, which we have summarized on Slide 9 during the second quarter of 2016 we anticipate a decision from the PSCW on the riverside expansion proposal and we anticipate filing a WP&L retail electric and gas rate case for 2017 and 2018 rates. For IPL, we'll be filing our five-year emission plan and budget in the first quarter and expect a decision regarding the permanent application for the approximately $60 million Clinton Natural Gas pipeline in the second quarter. The next Iowa retail electric and gas based rate cases are expected to be filed in the first quarter of 2017. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you throughout the coming year. At this time I'll turn the call back over the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Alliant Energy's Management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning’s call. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi. Good morning. 
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Russo: Would you be able to possibly quantify the amount of equity you might need to help finance the riverside expansion?
Tom Hanson: Brian, as we said, our objective is to continue to maintain the targeted equity levels at both IPL and WP&L. So you can assume that with largest project here at WP&L that we will have incremental equity needs. We'll be sharing specifics as we issue guidance in later years, but what’s important are targeted incremental equity is included in our forward-looking guidance. So the delusion is reflected in our 5% to7% targeted growth rate.
Brian Russo: Okay. Great and it looks like '15 over '14 and '16 over '15 you got to kind of gravitating towards the lower end of the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR. Is there something structural there that as rate base grows its harder to get in the middle or the higher end or is it just a function of lumpiness of the CapEx?
Pat Kampling: Yes, what really is Brian is that our sales forecast has come down a little bit. Originally we were about 2% at Wisconsin 1% in Iowa. Now we see it as overall 1% and that's what's really brought us down to more to the midpoint of the range, not to the higher end of the range.
Brian Russo: Okay. And just to clarify, fourth quarter weather versus normal is negative $0.08?
Pat Kampling: That’s correct.
Brian Russo: Okay. And what quarters did those two charges occur? Were they in the fourth quarter or earlier?
Tom Hanson: The third quarter we recorded the Minnesota charge and I believe second quarter was Minnesota's charge and then the third quarter was the charge associated with voluntary separation package. So second third quarter. Sorry Brian.
Brian Russo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First question on the CapEx update. Help me understand is the $260 million net increase over the years, is that pulling forward from the existing 10-year CapEx plan or would that be incremental to the $10.6 billion that you've forecast through 2020 for?
Pat Kampling: Yes so this is -- it's incremental to what we had shown you in the 10-year plan.
Andrew Weisel: Okay great. Next question I have is on a lot of the announcements you made on Riverside, I believe if I heard you correct, you said that the cash associated with incremental Columbia CapEx would be roughly offset by Muniz exercising the option for 55 megawatts, is that right and is there a scenario where you have one but not the other?
Pat Kampling: Andrew that is correct that they should offset each other as they both have been. We're not revising the CapEx until we know exactly what’s going to happen with the gracious options at this point, but the additional capital for Columbia would be offset by the co-ops purchasing Riverside. But it is possible that one of the options could occur without the other. They’re very independent of each other.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Could that be big enough to move the needle on equity needs?
Pat Kampling: I don’t think so. We're talking capital of under $100 million here.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then lastly I might be reading the subtleties of the wording a little too closely, but in the press release, you added -- you have the expression striving to achieve the projected earnings growth rate. And the last question you just talked about the lower sales growth. Any reason to think that the next years might be toward the low end of that range or do you still feel comfortable with the midpoint through the construction and maybe just commentary on how that -- how the outlook looks over the next several years.
Pat Kampling: Yeah, no, we're very confident and in keep in mind the reason we're gravitating towards the lower end right now is that when rate freezes and the sales forecast change from the timing you agree to rate freezes, but we're still very confident with our plan going forward especially as we enter rate cases about jurisdictions.
Andrew Weisel: Great, thank you very much. I appreciate the detail.
Pat Kampling: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Couple questions just to follow up on the one with you mentioned on Riverside and Columbia and the co-ops how about also with Wisconsin energy and MGE just how do we think about both the impact of what they decide and when they likely decide on whether they're going to take more Riverside and share some of Colombia.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. So the Colombia is -- that change is happening during the Riverside construction that's between now and 2019. The purchase option is 2020 and beyond and that's really not in our CapEx plans. That's something we're going to need to monitor. We'll be working with the other utilities as they develop their resource plans as well. But that's not something that we can actually estimate the probability of right now.
Steve Fleishman: So that would be after the plant fully done and operating basically.
Pat Kampling: Except for the 55 megawatts for co-ops, that's during construction.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just the growth rate the 5 to 7 is that through 2018 or 2019 to follow the CapEx period?
Pat Kampling: Yes, it does. Yes, the CapEx period Steve, that's right.
Steve Fleishman: So it's 2019?
Pat Kampling: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then a question on the -- as I'm sure you're aware, we had a recent acquisition announcement of ITC and you have the transmission involvement there I'm just curious if you're likely to get involved and have any issues with that transaction or any intervention?
Pat Kampling: Steve, we wish we're analyzing the transaction as you can imagine. We're very large customer of ITC. So this is of quite interest to us as you can imagine. So we've had open dialogue with the folks at ITC and we just plan on having the open dialogue and we'll figure out exactly what our position is in their dockets, they have several dockets over the next several months.
Steve Fleishman: Is you intention just to file at FERC or do you think Iowa has a role at all?
Pat Kampling: We're still looking at what the different options are at this point Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Raza with L&T Capital].
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Just a quick question, on the rate base that you commented on earlier, is the deferred tax portion of rate base going up while the entire rate base total phase constant versus your prior guidance. Is that the best way to think about it?
Tom Hanson: I would characterize it that the NOLs along with the additional CapEx are offsetting the effect of the bonus depreciation.
Unidentified Analyst: The earnings base stays constant?
Tom Hanson: Yes.
Pat Kampling: Yeah, I would say the net rate base remains constant.
Unidentified Analyst: Net rate base, okay and then I think you commented on it a little bit earlier, but this incremental CapEx that you added, how does that affect financing plans over this period? Does it potentially lead to little more equity or not or how should we think about that?
Tom Hanson: The modest amounts that we're adding will not significantly change our equity needs. As Pat made reference, some of this is due to the timing of Riverside. Some of that cost is being pushed out and then we do have the opportunity to backfill as Pat mentioned with some of the electric gas distribution. So it's not going to be materially changing any of our financing needs.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the load growth you talked about, I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, but what is the forecasted load growth for your planning period?
Pat Kampling: Sure. We're using 1% now to book utilities. But I would say the growth is out of the 1%. It's higher in the industrial sector and lower in the residential sector.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Pat Kampling: Sure. You're welcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jay Dobson with Wunderlich
Jay Dobson: Hey good morning, Pat and good morning, Tom. Question just to follow-up on Raza's question. So the rate base with the change in bonus depreciation and CapEx is the expectation are flat. So the earnings growth will be flat. But it doesn't really change your tax position. So cash flow we would anticipate would in fact be negatively impacted by the rise in CapEx, which facilitates the increase modest as you just said Tom, increase in financing needs. Do I have it right?
Tom Hanson: In the near term, yeah because when we had our previous forecast assuming no depreciation or potential bonus depreciation we were looking at making modest tax payments beginning in '17 and '18 and now with the extension, we won't have that, but that delta in terms of cash is not that significant certainly in the '17 and '18 timeframe.
Jay Dobson: Right. Okay, great. And then earned ROEs at the utilities subs what were those in '15 on sort of a non-weather adjusted basis understanding that weather is going to.
Pat Kampling: Yes we definitely earned our authorized return with [them] which was about 10.4 and then in Iowa is around the around 10% again excluding the Minnesota sale though.
Jay Dobson: Got it. And those are weather adjusted or -- so that would reflect that $0.08 adjustment or maybe more like a $3.57 number. I know it's not fair to say that on a jurisdictional basis but…
Pat Kampling: Right I would say it's all in including the weather.
Jay Dobson: Got you. Okay fine. And then last one on trended, the transportation segment just what you see going forward there obviously a tough year in 2015 for that segment though it developed throughout the year. So not a great surprise but you look forward through '16 and beyond just volume trends you're seeing.
Pat Kampling: Trend it's actually going through our strategic planning process. Right now looking at other opportunities and where they can expand their current footprint. So I'm very optimistic about some possibilities that they're looking at right now, but they've been very proactive knowing the reduction in their business these are really basically cold transportation. They're looking forward at some other opportunities for them right now, some more to come on that.
Jay Dobson: Got it. But if we're thinking about '16 and it's probably within a broad range of guidance would you -- we certainly couldn't get back to the 2014 level of earnings from [Krandex but] probably do see some improvement with some of the strategic initiatives there we're reviewing currently, is that fair. 
Pat Kampling: I would say it might be beyond '16. It would be hard to execute on projects for '16, but definitely going into '17.
Jay Dobson: Got it, no that's fair. Thanks so much Tom thank you.
Pat Kampling: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson: Good morning, guys. 
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just what was the 2015 weather adjusted sales year-over-year? What was the growth rate?
Tom Hanson: It was 1% in both of our two utilities. Again that's adjusting for the Minnesota sale.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then the sales forecast is now 1% what was it previously I apologize. 
Pat Kampling: Sure previously and this goes back to year ago, it was 2% Wisconsin and 1% in Iowa and now it's 1% in both jurisdictions.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then the incremental CapEx, I'm not exactly -- this is incremental above, this isn’t bringing it forward from what I understand. This is new stuff. What is that and what's driving that?
Tom Hanson: We have provided a slide in our supplemental slides that kind of highlight that but I would put it basically in two big buckets. The first is dealing with our electric area in terms of certainly continuing to replace existing distribution lines. So it's really trying to upgrade the distribution system and we also have then some modest gas expansion as well.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And I guess so I'm wondering though is that if this is incremental over a 10-year forecast that would indicate that something is driving those. I saw the slide, I guess what I'm wondering is what's kind of driving this. Is it something forward that would indicate that you guys see some new need and I am just wondering what that is or if there is one, what I am missing?
Pat Kampling: Yeah, I would just say that we're actually just taking the opportunity to expand some of these projects. We've had a replacement program for our overhead and underground system for years and we're just really increasing that taking the opportunity now to increase that and where we evaluate after this five-year program because actually for the next five years and if we want to accelerate even more in the second five-year time frame and again our customer's expectations are in liability and resilience you just keep increasing.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Pat Kampling: This is our first stage of looking at that and putting good dollars to work for our customers.
Paul Patterson: And then just the Kewaunee power plant, I believe that the Wisconsin has halted implementation of that. Is there any impact that you guys see of that or how are you guys dealing with that served just on a high level. Any thoughts we should have on that?
Pat Kampling: Yes, at a high level, yes the safest [comment] is that they're not going to put any resources to work on any clean power plant implementation. However, the utilities are still working together to try to understand their own circumstances into the plan. So we're working very proactively with the other utilities and we'll just have to see how this plays out in the State.
Paul Patterson: Okay. My other questions have been answered. Thanks so much.
Pat Kampling: Sure. You're welcome.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call -- we actually have a follow-up question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Yes, hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Just can you remind us what the base year and adjusted EPS is to formulate the 5% to 7% CAGR?
Tom Hanson: Brian, we update that every single year. You would want it, our non-GAAP temperature adjusted so similar to what we did in '14. So you would want to rebase that now that we reported our actuals for 2015. So the base for purposes that calculation would be $3.57.
Brian Russo: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 01, 2016, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks we made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow up questions.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Manager, IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Hanson - SVP & CFO Robert Durian - Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller
Analysts: Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Brian Russo - Ladenburg Development
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. And today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank you of -- on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter 2015 earnings narrowing 2015 earnings guidance. I’m providing 2015 through 2020 forward capital expenditure guidance. We also issued earnings guidance and the common stock dividend target for 2016. Press release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor Page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The Veterans Day is just a few days away. I would like to take a moment and pay tribute to the approximately 400 proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy and to those veterans are on the call with us today. We thank you for your service to our country and for protecting our freedoms. Enjoy your special day. Yesterday we issued press releases which included third quarter and year-to-date financial results our revised 2015 earnings guidance range. And for 2016, our earnings guidance and targeted common stock dividend. That release also provided updated detailed annual capital expenditure plans through 2019 and our capital expenditure total for 2020 to 2024. Tom will later provide details of the quarter, but I am pleased to report that we delivered another solid quarter. And since temperature was close to normal with the third quarter, at first we had no impact on our year-to-date earnings. So with the summer behind us, we are now in our 2015 earnings guidance but we are now including an adjustment to our ATC earnings to reflect the anticipated lower ROE. ATCs current authorized ROE is 12.2% we are reserving $0.03 per share for the year reflecting an anticipated ROE of 11.5%. Therefore we are changing the midpoint of this year’s earnings guidance range from $3.60 per share to $3.57 per share. Now looking at next year, the midpoint of our guidance for 2016 is $3.75 per share a 5% increase from our projected 2015 guidance as detailed on Slide number 2. This increase reflects a forecast with customer sales increase of 1% and earning on capital additions. Our long-term earnings growth objective continues to be 5% to 7% supported by our robust capital expenditure plan modest sales growth and constructive regulatory outcomes. The ability to earn our authorized returns on rate base additions of book utilities was incorporated in both retail electric base rate settlements. Those settlements have unique treatment that will allow you to reach earn on an increasing rate base while keeping customer base rates flat. The IPL settlement utilized the historic DAEC capacity payments that are included in base rates to more than offset rate-based growth and other changes in revenue requirements. This allows us to refund the difference to customers included $25 million refund in 2015 and a $10 million refund in 2016. The WPL settlement utilized previously recovered energy efficiency revenues it also increases in revenue requirements including the return on rate base additions. A balance of approximately $32 million will be amortized in 2016 and the amortization for this year is expected to be $80 million. To summarize, both creative retail rate case settlements allow us to earn on our increasing rate base or keeping retail electric base rates stable through 2016, which is last year of the settlement. Yesterday we also announced a 7% increase in a targeted 2016 common dividend level to $2.35 per share from our current annual dividend of $2.20 per share. By 2016, dividend target payout ratio is 62.5% which is consistent with our long-term targeted dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of consolidated earnings. We issued an updated capital expenditure plan for 2015 to 2019, totaling $5.8 billion, as shown on Slide 3. In addition, we have provided a walk from the previous 2015 to 2018 capital expenditure plan to our current plan shown on Slide number 4. As you can see the change in our forecasted 2015 to 2018 capital expenditure plan are driven primarily by additional investments on our electric and gas distribution systems and a $50 million reduction for the proposed Riverside Energy Center expansion in Wisconsin. The lower cost estimate of $680 million to $720 million excluding AFUDC and transmission was filed in supplemental test [indiscernible] with the PSCW yesterday. On Slide 5, we have provided a 10-year view of our forecasted capital expenditures. As you can see our planning additional new generation needs beyond 2019 which we anticipate will include gas, wind and other renewable resources. The additional renewables in our plan with economical for our customer energy needs as we continue to retire all the generating facilities. While reviewing Slide 5, it is also important to note that approximately 45% of the 10-year capital plan will be spent to enhance our electric and gas distribution systems to meet customers changing and growing needs. Investments in our gas distribution system are becoming more significant as evidenced by our recently completed $15 million [indiscernible] Wisconsin and we are supposed to cross $65 million [indiscernible] project in Iowa. Also for your convenience, we have already posted on our website the EEI Investor presentation that details the separated WPL and IPL updated capital expenditures through 2019 as well as updated rate-based estimates for 2014 through 2018. Now, let me brief you on our current construction activities. As year-end approaches, this has certainly been one of our busiest construction years. I must thank the employees and approximately 800 contract workers on our properties for working safely and for their assistance on these important projects. I’m extremely proud of the achievements we have made and continue to make and transitioning the environmental profile of our fossil generation fleet. We plan to reduce NOx emissions by approximately 80% and SO2 mercury emissions by approximately 90% by 2020 and we will continue to plan for a reduced carbon future.  In Wisconsin, the installation of the scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater Unit 5 is approximately 75% complete and is expected to be in service in the second quarter of 2016. We are anticipating this project will come in approximately 10% below budget. We have recently a signed a contract with a joint-venture between Graycor industrial contractors and Sargent & Lundy to fund the engineering procurement and construction of the Columbia unit 2 SCR. The construction is scheduled to start in the second quarter of 2016 and WPL share the expenditure for this project of approximately $50 million. We do have an excellent track record of executing well on our these large construction projects, I am very pleased on power magazine name two of our power generating stations as our top plants for 2015. The recognition of IPLs [thermal] generating station and WPLs Columbia’s Energy Center which were excellent execution of this major investments and a dedication to a cleaner and more efficient operations. Construction of IPLs 650 megawatt combined cycle natural gas fired Marshalltown generating station is progressing well. The project is approximately 65% complete and is expected to be in service in the second quarter of 2017. KBR is the engineering, procurement, and construction contractor for this project which includes Siemens’ combustion turbine technology. In 2013, WPL announced that it would retire several older coal facilities and natural gas peakers. This retirements begin next month at Nelson Dewey and as well as in Unit 3. When WPLs prime retirements are completed the forecasted accredited capacity loss will be nearly 700 megawatts. As a consequence, WPL evaluated a wide range of alternatives to meet long-term energy and capacity needs for its customers. In 2014, WPL issued an RFP for market-based options. After evaluating all of our options, we concluded that Riverside Energy Center expansion with a new approximately 650 megawatt highly efficient natural gas generating facility was in the best long-term interest of our customers. This past April WPL applied for a certificate of public convenience and necessity or CPCN with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. The CPCN is progressing and in accordance with its procedure schedule on September 22 we filed that direct testimony and yesterday filed supplemental testimony through [indiscernible] updated cost projections. Intervener and Staff testimony will be filed by November 13, a public care will be conducted on November 17 in [indiscernible] and technical hearings are scheduled for December 21. We anticipate the commission issue decision on Riverside Expansion by May 2016. The proposed riverside expansion includes an approximate 2 megawatt solar installation on the property. Adjacent to riverside, on our Rock River landfill Hanwha Q Cells is currently constructing the largest solar plant at Wisconsin at 2.25 megawatts and we will purchase the power from them over the next 10 years. At our Madison general office installation of above 1000 solar panels from multiple manufacturers with 11 different types of solar modules is well underway. For this project we have partnered with the Electric Power Research Institute or EPRI to collect data and make it available to others. We also have several other solar projects under development from which we anticipate gaining valuable experience and how to best integrate solar in a cost-effective manner in our electro systems. Solar projects is in the developmental stage include owning and operating the solar panels at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Cedar Rapids Iowa and our recently issued RFP was placed in [indiscernible] solar project between 1 and 10 megawatts within our Iowa service territory. The projects resulting from the RFP will increase our system wise solar generation by 50%. Last month the EPA published its final rules through those carbon emissions from electric generating stations. We understand this is just one more step what will be a long process that includes legal challenges and the development of compliance plans. As we develop strategies, we will continue to take the approach of doing what’s best for our customers and the environment. We are fortunate that we operate in a state that has a long history of energy efficiency programs, environmental stewardship and support for renewable energy. There’s a some sort of excitement as you work to transform into the company our customers need as to be not only now, but well into the future. A major improvement to our customer experience is happening as we went live with our new customer care and billing systems for Wisconsin customers several weeks ago. And planned to go live with Iowa customers in early 2016. A $110 million investment replaces vintage mainframe systems from the 1980s. They will make communications with our customers more convenient and timely. We have already accomplished a great deal as a company as we transition to a cleaner more modern energy system. I want to thank a lot of employees for their creativity and finding cost-effective solutions in serving our customers well. Let me summarize the key message for today. We had a solid first three quarters of the year and are well positioned to deliver on this year financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for [audio gap] 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60 to 70% common dividend payout target. Our target 2016 dividend increased by 7% over the 2015 target dividend. Successful execution on our major construction projects includes completing projects on time and at a below budget in a safe manner. Work with our regulators consumer advocates, environmental groups and customers in a collaborative manner. We shape our organization to be lean and faster while keeping our focus on serving our customers and being good partners in the community. We will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impacted customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning everyone. We have released third quarter earnings last evening with our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of a $1.63 per share and our GAAP earnings from continuing operations to a $1.59 per share. The non-GAAP to GAAP difference is due to a $0.04 per share charge resulting from approximately of 2% employees accepting voluntary separation packages as we continue focusing on effectively managing cost for our customers. 2015 third quarter non-GAAP earnings are $0.23 higher than the third quarter 2014 primarily due lower retail electric customer billing credits at IPL, higher electric sales and lower energy efficiency cost recovery amortization to WPL. Higher quarter-over-quarter EPS was partially offset by higher electric transmission service expense at WPL and the delusion impact of shares issued in 2015. Comparisons between third quarter of 2015 and 2014 earnings per share are detailed on slides 6, 7 and 8. For the first six months of this year we experienced virtually no temperature normalized retail sales growth. We are pleased that the third quarter brought an estimated $0.06 per share increase in earnings resulting from higher temperature normalized sales. Some of the growth experience in the third quarter of 2015 for residential and commercial is due to an earlier fall grain harvest in 2015 when compared to 2014. Of the retail sectors industrial continues to be the largest sales growth driver year-over-year. Quarter-over-quarter we have recognize in earnings increased of $0.05 per share from higher sales due to temperatures since the third quarter of 2014 had approximately 20% fewer cooling degree days compared to normal. However, the first three quarters 2015 temperatures were close to normal. Year to date non-GAAP earnings are tracking in line with the 2015 earnings guidance range comparing non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2015 versus 2014, earnings are up 8% year-over-year. Drivers of the differences between the statutory tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC and the actual forecasting effect the tax rates for 2015 and 2014 is profiled on slide 9. Now let’s review our 2016 guidance. Last evening we issued our consolidated 2016 guidance range of $3.60 to $3.90 earnings per share. A walk on the mid points of 2015 to 2016 estimated guidance range is shown on slide 10. The key drivers for the 5% growth in earnings relate to infrastructure investments including higher AFUDC related to the construction of the Marshalltown generating station. The 2016 guidance range assumes normal weather and modest retail sales increases of approximately 1% for IPL and WP&L when compared to 2015. Also the earnings guidance is based upon the impact of IPLs and WP&Ls previously announced retail electric base rate settlements. The IPL settlement reflected rate based growth primarily from placing the Lansing scrubber in service in 2015 and the Ottumwa baghouse scrubber and performance improvement in service in 2014. The increase in revenue requirements related to rate base editions is offset by the elimination of DAEC purchase power capacity payments. In 2016 IPL expects to credit customer bills by approximately $10 million. By comparison the billing credits in 2015 are expected to be approximately $25 million. During 2016 IPL expects to provide tax benefit billing credits to electric and gas customers with approximately $62 million when compared to $72 million in 2015. As in prior years the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact, but are not anticipated to impact full year 2015 and 2016 results. The WP&L settlement reflected electric rate base growth for the Edgewater unit 5 baghouse projected to be placed in service in 2016. The increase in revenue requirements in 2016 for these and other rate base additions were completely offset by lower energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations. Also included in WP&L’s rate settlement was an increase in transmission costs primarily related to the anticipated allocation of SSR costs. As a result of a third quarter issued after the settlement the amount of the transmission cost billed to WP&L in 2016 will be lower than what was reflected in the settlement. Since the PSCW approved escrow accounting treatment for the transmission cost. The difference between the actual cost billed to WP&L and those reflected in settlement will accumulate in a regulatory liability. We estimate that this regulatory liability will have a balance of approximately $35 million by the end of 2016. We view this regulatory liability as another mechanism we can use to minimize future rate increases for Wisconsin retail electric customers. Retirement plan expense is currently expected to be approximately $0.03 per share higher in 2016 largely due to lower than expected asset returns forecasted for 2015. These amounts will be updated at year end 2015 when determining the actual 2016 plan expense. Given the changes expected in income tax expense in 2016 slide 11 has been provided to assist you in modeling the forecasted 2016 effective tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC. Turning to our financing plans cash flows from operation are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We also will benefit given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments in 2016. These strong cash flows will be partially reduced by credits to customer bills in accordance with IPL’s tax benefit riders and IPL’s customer billing credit resulting from the settlement. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plans we will maintain our target liquidity and capitalization ratios as well as high quality credit ratings. Our 2016 financing plan assumes will be issuing approximately $25 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan. The 2016 financing plan also anticipates issuing long-term debt including up to $300 million at IPL and up to $310 million at the [parent] and Alliant Energy Resources. The $310 million of proceeds at the parent and Alliant Energy Resources are expected to be used to refinance maturity of term loans. We may adjust our plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2016 our equity needs will be driven by the proposed riverside expansion project. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures for the riverside expansion in 2017 and 2018 will be financed primary by a combination of debt and equity. Our current financing forecast assumes no extension of bonus depreciation deduction. Under this assumption Alliant energy will be making modest federal tax payments starting in 2017 it will continue to use net operating losses for the next two years as offset to federal taxable income. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of notes for the rest of 2015, 2016 and 2017 which we have summarized on 512. Later this year we anticipate a decision from PSCW on the 2016 fuel monitoring level. Next year we anticipate a decision on the Wisconsin riverside expansion proposal and on the Iowa natural gas pipeline. Also in 2016, we plan to file a emissions planned budget in Iowa and the Wisconsin retail electric and gas base case per rates in years 2017 and 2018. The next Iowa retail electric and gas base rate cases are expected to be filed in the second quarter of 2017. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you at EEI. The slides to be discussed at EEI are posted on our website as we do with all of our investor relations conference slides. At this time I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Good morning guys. First question is on the [four set] charged for voluntary employee separation. What does that impact on? How is that going to impact OEMs going forward?
Tom Hanson: That will be a reduction to ONM on going forward and that's reflected in our forecast in terms of 2016 guidance.
Andrew Weisel: And what is the forecast for ONM next year?
Tom Hanson: We are assuming that it will be about a 2% increase now recognizing that this excludes the normal energy efficiency cost as well as any of the regulatory amortization that flow through ONM as well.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. Next a couple of questions on riverside, first in terms of the CapEx you laid out. I see that you lowered it for next year spending by that 95 million can you give little more detail on that. Is that assuming a little bit of a delay when the construction begins?
Pat Kampling: No not at all. Now that we are getting bids from the contractors, this is the timing of the bids, the cash flow that they are laying out while we changed the not only did we change the total number but we changed the timing of the payments.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. The total number if I heard you correctly was only down about 20 million is that right?
Pat Kampling: No, it's down, if it goes from mid-point to mid-point it's down 50 million, 50.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Then next question I have is with the potential for PTA instead of riverside, if riverside were to be either delayed or canceled could you talk about how you might be able to back fill some of that spending in terms of what might go in and how soon you will be able to show those results?
Pat Kampling: Yes, Andrew it's a little preliminary first to give a backup for capital for riverside right now. It would be honest to tell you though for 2016 it would be tough to fill the capital that we have laid out in 2016, but we’ll discuss as we get further down the year in 2016 what the back fill could possibly be.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll let other people ask questions.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Development.
Brian Russo: Good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo: Just in terms of the 2016 guidance what kind of earned ROE are you seeing at IPL and WP&L maybe at the mid-point?
Tom Hanson: We are assuming that we would earn our authorized returns in both jurisdiction.
Brian Russo: Okay. So what gets you to the high end of the range?
Pat Kampling: The high end sales are higher than we expect. We currently expect 1% increase in sales but if they come in higher it would definitely bring us to the high end of the range.
Brian Russo: Okay and then as you we looked into 2017 Marshalltown will be added base rates and I believe correct me if I am wrong but that’s the allowed ROEs of 11.4%. So I would imagine that your earned ROE in 2017 will be enhanced relative to the earned ROE assumption in 2016. Is that the way to look at it?
Pat Kampling: Brian so the allowed ROE for Marshalltown is 11%, 11.0.
Brian Russo: Okay.
Pat Kampling: But as we go through internal and final rates you will see our earned returns increase at Iowa.
Brian Russo: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And Ms. Gill there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 13, 2015 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy. And feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Manager, IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Hanson - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter 2015 earnings and reaffirmed 2015 earnings guidance. This release as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the Investors Page of our Website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com.  At this point, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we had another solid quarter with second quarter 2015 earnings in line with our expectations. Tom will discuss the financial details of the quarter. I am pleased to let you know for the first time in years temperatures did not have a significant impact on earnings per share for the first seven months of 2015. Therefore our year end earnings guidance is trending toward the midpoint of our guidance issued in November 2014.  Environmental regulations are in the news again and it is very important to step back for a moment and review the orderly transition of our generating fleet during the past six years. We have been planning for sweeping environmental rules that would impact our industry and developed a strategic plan that would position us and our customers well for that future.  We completed many components of that plan, including installing of our 500 megawatts of wind, spending over $1 billion related [ph] emissions controls to our largest and most efficient generating stations and have decided to either close or convert to natural gas several older less efficient coal generating stations. To further diversify our generating fleet, we added natural gas fired generation with the purchase of the 675 megawatts Riverside Energy Center and have another 650 megawatts under construction in Marshalltown, Iowa.  And in Wisconsin, we are proposing to build another 650 megawatt natural gas fired generating station. We’ve had a very deliberate plan that transformed our generating fleet to one that is diversified, flexible, has lower emissions but ensuring that we continue to deliver reliable affordable energy to our customers.  2015 is a significant year for our industry in how we utilize and dispatch our generating fleet. We experienced some remarkable performance at our Riverside and Emery combined-cycle natural gas generating stations. During the first half of the year, they achieved capacity factors averaging approximately 45% which is about doubled they experienced in the first half of 2014. Also, our wind generation has remained consistent with capacity factors for the first half of 2015 averaging over 35%. Lastly, our coal units have operated well with the recently installed environmental controls.  We have a robust capital expenditure plan for 2015 which totals over $1 billion. Approximately 35% of this year’s capital budget is for improvement and expansion of our electric and gas distribution systems, including bringing natural gas to underserved communities. Approximately 30% of this year’s capital budget is to improve the efficiency and environmental profile of our generating units. Also, approximately 30% of this year’s capital budget is for the construction of the Marshalltown Generating Station.  Now let me update you on our large construction projects. In Wisconsin, the installation of a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater Unit 5 is approximately 65% complete. It’s expected to be in service in the second quarter of 2016. Capital expenditures forecasted for this project are approximately $300 million.  At Columbia, comprehensive asset management program to improve the efficiency of the units started with the installation of two new cooling towers completed in 2014 and the remaining projects are expected to be completed by the end of 2017.  WPL's share of the total estimated capital expenditure for these projects is approximately $60 million. We also expect to start construction of the PSCW approved Columbia Unit 2 SCR during the first quarter of 2016. Our estimated capital expenditure for the SCR is approximately $70 million.  In Iowa, the Lansing Generating Station dry scrubber has been placed in service at a capital expenditure of approximately $55. As we previously announced, in order to replace retiring facilities and further increase the amount of natural gas fired generation, we are constructing the Marshalltown Generating Station and have proposed the Riverside Energy Center expansion. In Iowa, site construction is well underway at IPL 650 megawatt combined cycle natural gas fired Marshalltown generating station as you can see on Slide 2.  Lehmans [ph] delivered the first combustion turbine in June and we expect delivery of the second CT this month. We plan to complete the construction of the gas pipeline to the facility this month and the transmission upgrades are underway. The transition upgrades for Marshalltown are projected to cost less than $25 million. So we now expect the total project to come in over $100 million below the $920 million cost cap. The reduced cost for the transition upgrades will not have an impact on our capital expenditure or rate base forecast since ITC will be funding the transmission. Marshalltown is expected to be in service by the second quarter of 2017.  In 2013, WPL announced that it would require several older coal facilities and natural gas peakers. The forecasted accredited capacity loss from this retirement is approximately 640 megawatts. As a consequence, WPL evaluated a wide range of alternatives to meet the long-term energy and capacity needs for its customers.  In June 2014, WPL issued an RFP from market-based options. After evaluating all of our options, we concluded that expanding the Riverside Energy Center was in the best interest of our customers. The proposed Riverside Energy Center expansion located at our existing Riverside site near Beloit, Wisconsin is approximately 650 MW highly efficient natural gas generating facility at an estimated cost of $750 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission.  This past April, WPL applied for a certificate of public convenience and necessity or CPCN with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for the proposed expansion. During a recent prehearing conference, questions arose over Wisconsin Electric Power Company’s intervention and whether WEPCo will be allowed to propose for the first time a short-term PPA as an alternative to Riverside. Later this morning, the commission will decide WEPCo’s intervention request.  Our competitive RFP and alternative analysis with diligence, and we believe Riverside is and will be found to be in the best long-term interest of our customers. The current procedural schedule for the CPCN is provided on Slide 3.  The proposed Riverside Energy expansion includes an approximate 2 MW solar on the properties. We also have several other solar projects under development. We’re doing them for us to gain valuable experience on how to best integrate solar on a cost-effective manner into our electric system. We will own and operate the solar panels at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Iowa as well as our Madison Corporate Headquarters which are our two projects currently under development. These solar projects were part of the capital expenditure guidance we provided in November 2014.  In July, IPL announced a settlement with EPA, the Sierra Club in the state of Iowa and Linn County in Iowa to resolve potential Clean Air Act claims and to avoid unnecessary delays and ongoing uncertainty associated with litigation. The terms negotiated in the settlement were consistent with our long-term plan for cleaner energy and most of the projects included in the settlement have already been completed or at plan.  The EPA meetings earlier this week issued its final rule to reduce carbon emissions from electric utilities. This rule is widely referred to as the Clean Power Plan. We understand that this is just one more step on what will be a long process that includes legal challenges and the development of compliance plans. As we work with our state regulators to develop strategies to comply we will continue to take the approach of doing what was best for our customers. We are fortunate that we operate in states that have a long history of energy efficiency programs, environmental stewardship and support for renewable energy.  How we spend our capital dollars and the pace of our capital spend is focused on ensuring we manage costs, use our resources responsibly while providing energy services and solutions to our customers. As we plan for future rate cases and work with stakeholders in developing the state clean power plants, these goals will be top of mind.  Let me summarize the key messages for today. We had a solid first half of the year and are well-positioned to deliver on this year’s financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for a 5% to 7% annual earnings growth objective and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2015 dividend increased by 8% over the 2014 dividends paid. And we continue to successfully execute on our capital plans, completing projects on time and at or below budget. We will continue to work with our regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups and customers in a collaborative manner. We will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers.  And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks again to our dedicated workforce which not only provides reliable energy to our customers but also delivers the financial results we are discussing today.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Tom. 
Tom Hanson: Good morning everyone. We released second-quarter earnings last evening with our adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $0.67 per share. Second-quarter 2015 adjusted earnings are $0.11 higher than second quarter 2014. Comparisons between second quarter 2015 and 2014 earnings-per-share are detailed on Slides 4, 5, and 6.  The adjusted or non-GAAP second-quarter earnings from continuing operations exclude a charge of $0.06 per share from the sales of IPL, Minnesota electric and gas distribution assets. The premium over the property, plant and equipment book value was more than offset by the elimination of the applicable tax related regulatory assets resulting in the charge recorded in the second quarter. We estimate the second quarter 2015 temperature impact on sales when compared to normal temperatures resulted in lower earnings of $0.03 per share. This was $0.05 lower than second quarter 2014 temperature impact of a positive $0.02 per share.  On a temperature normalized basis, Alliant energy's residential electric sales were flat whereas commercial and industrial sales increased approximately 1% quarter over quarter. Taking into consideration the first half results, we are currently forecasting modest increase in temperature normalized sales of approximately 1% for IPL and WP&L when compared to 2014.  The 2015 EPS guidance range factors in retail rate based settlements at IPL and WP&L. These settlements reflect rate-based increases at both utilities, offset by a reduction of energy efficiency cost recovery amortization at WPL and the elimination of the Duane Arnold Purchase Power capacity payments at IPL.  IPL will credit customer bills by approximately $25 million ratably over 2015. By comparison, the billing credits in 2014 were approximately $70 million and occurred from May through December. Also included in WP&L’s rate settlement was an increase in transmission costs related primarily to the anticipated allocation of SSR costs. As a result of a FERC order issued after the settlement, the amount of the transmission costs billed to WP&L in 2015 will be lower than what was reflected in the settlement since the PSC approved escrow accounting treatment for transmission costs. The difference between the actual transmission costs billed to WP&L and those reflected in settlement will accumulate in a regulatory liability. We estimate that this regulatory liability will have a balance of approximately $40 million at the end of 2016. We view this regulatory reliability as another mechanism we can use to minimize future rate increases for our Wisconsin retail electric customers.  During 2015 IPL will provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $72 million compared to $82 million in 2014. As in prior years, the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year 2015 results.  The IUB has approved a second tax benefit rider. Like the first tax benefit rider, we will accumulate benefits from two accounting method changes and a regulatory reliability which will then be passed through to customers as billing credits. The total expected billing credits are approximately $75 million. These accounting method changes are still subject to final IRS approval.  We propose a credit customer bills with the second tax benefit rider after 2016 which is when the regulatory reliability related to the first tax benefit rider is expected to be fully utilized, and when we expect to file our next electric rate case in Iowa.  Drivers to the difference between the statutory tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC, and the 2014 actual and 2015 forecast effective tax rates are provided on Slide 7. The consolidated AEC effective tax rate for 2015 is forecasted to be 16%.  Turning to our 2015 financing plan. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We also expect to benefit from not making any material income tax payments in 2015 and 2016. These strong cash flows will be partially reduced by IPL tax benefit riders and customer billing credits.  In our 2015 financing plan, we anticipated issuing approximately $150 million of new common equity. In March and April of this year, we issued approximately 2.2 million shares of new common equity with proceeds to $135 million through the at-the-market offering. We plan to issue the remaining approximately $15 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan throughout the remainder of the year.  In June, IPL retired $150 million of long term debt. The 2015 financing plan assumes we are issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at IPL. We may adjust our financing plan as deemed prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed.  We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plans, we will maintain the appropriate targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. The 2015 financing plan assumed the sales of our Minnesota electric and gas distribution assets which were completed last month with proceeds of approximately $145 million, including working capital adjustments and a $2 million promissory note.  Turning now to the ROE complaint filed against MISO transmission owners. In December 2014, FERC ordered formal proceedings to begin. To-date, various parties have filed testimony with FERC. A final decision from FERC on the complaint is currently expected in 2016. Year-to-date impact of the anticipated reduction to APC’s authorized ROE has lowered earnings by $0.02 per share. We have summarized our planned regulatory dockets of notes on Slide 8. In Wisconsin, we anticipate receiving a decision on the 2016 fuel monitoring level in the fourth quarter of this year and we anticipate receiving a decision on the Riverside expansion CPCN in the second quarter next year.  We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you throughout the year. At this time I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Andrew Weisel of Macquarie Capital. 
Andrew Weisel : Good morning guys. Couple questions on the generation fleet. First, I know the governor of Wisconsin is certainly making a claim against the EPA as part of his presidential bid. Any thoughts on how the CPP might impact your specific portfolio and CapEx plans?
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Andrew. This is Pat. The CPP rule is very different than the one that was originally proposed. So we’re still analyzing this and I can’t speak on behalf of our governor of course but we come from a state that has had always very good environmental rules, renewable and energy efficiency standards. So we will work with our states to make sure that we get implementation plans that work for us but right now we really need to spend the time understanding this new rule because it’s very different than the proposed rule. 
Andrew Weisel : Then the second question is on coal to gas switching, I mean in the short term, not the long term, I understand your gas plants have been running very efficiently at very high capacity factors year to date. What kind of impact does that have in terms of the near term and longer term dispatch plans and financials?
Pat Kampling: No, it really doesn’t impact anything whatsoever. As you are aware, the transition on our smaller coal fleet to natural gas and keep in mind we actually had natural gas already located at those sites. It’s really a transition for us to get us through the next few years as we talked about. That’s not a long-term solution. The long-term solution is to add new combined cycle generating facility to our fleet. 
Andrew Weisel : Then one other question on the load growth, I appreciate the high level of detail but maybe just an update on the trends in your local economies, especially the Wisconsin industrial side. 
Tom Hanson: Andrew, this is Tom. If we kind of look at it more broad-based we continue to see a modest number of additional residential customers being added to our system but recognizing we are seeing residential use each go down. But we are seeing some expansion in the industrial sector of our business. So that gives you kind of a sense of where we’re at. So as I stated, we are anticipating about a 1% increase in sales year-over-year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go next to Paul Patterson of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson : Just sort of circle back on Riverside. I guess what the question I sort of had is first of all, I mean this is more of a question for Wisconsin electric. But with the merger, it seems that they are saying that they are now coming up with a lot of extra capacity and that – as you indicated previously in the call, that they can replace Riverside. But I guess what my question is – what is it in Wisconsin that prevents utilities who were not merged from engaging this kind of what would seem to be a savings methodology, do you follow what I am saying? I mean this could have been done without a merger and I am wondering just in general how we should think about that.
Pat Kampling: Paul, we’ve been very deliberate in our process to make sure we have the lowest cost long-term solution for our customers. And I cannot speak on what WEnergy is thinking right now. And all we really know is what they filed at the Wisconsin Commission, believing that they have a short-term solution to offer to us which we have not seen, where they provided no details. So this is just a very new news and we’ve got to work through the process here and Wisconsin Commission is going to rule later this morning on if they're allowed to be involved in the case with another proposal. 
Paul Patterson : I mean I guess, basically get interviewed in the cases [ph] I wouldn’t – I mean is that fair to give a utility in the neighborhood – I mean how much of a gating factor should we look at that being in terms of what their proposal is. I don’t get it. I mean that means that their proposal is unlikely to – but I mean in general though, I mean assuming that they are giving it, how should we think about that?
Pat Kampling: Yes, and Paul, it’s common that other utilities get interviewed in the status in the cases, that’s just very common as you follow the cases. So that’s not unusual. The unusual thing here is that at the 11th hour they want to provide another proposal and they were not part of the RFP process, they did not reply to any -- they did not provide any offers when we did the RFP. So this is a little unique.
Paul Patterson : Now you said that you’ve – just to clarify this. You did say that basically you looked at all these things and this is the cheapest cost. What about this idea of combining with the utilities I guess is what I am sort of wondering here now, like it seems kind of that Wisconsin with the merger with WPL was able to come up with some savings. I am just wondering, is there something that doesn’t allow utilities to cooperate in that manner without a merger?
Pat Kampling: Paul, just to be clear they merged with WPS. 
Paul Patterson : I am sorry, WPS. I apologize.
Pat Kampling: That’s okay. No but they were – and again I prefer that you address this with WEnergy but we are not part of their IRP planning process. 
Paul Patterson : But I am just wondering – generically, I am sorry to harp on this. I am just speaking generically. Is that something that you guys look at and when these plans are put forward, the idea of partnering with – 
Pat Kampling: Now our IRP relates to our Wisconsin customers, Paul. We’ll talk to you later on this if you want to follow up. End of Q&A
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 13, 2015 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy. And feel free to contact me with any follow-up question. Thanks.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Manager, IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President & CEO Tom Hanson - SVP & CFO Robert Durian - Controller & CAO
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2015 earnings and affirmed 2015 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides, that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor Page of our Website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are subject to risk that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward looking statements. At this point, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I will begin with an overview of first quarter 2015 results and share our progress on our various large capital projects. I will then turn the call over to Tom, who will provide a detailed walk of our first quarter 2015 results and discuss our current financing plan and this year's regulatory calendar. We had another solid quarter, the first quarter of 2015 earnings inline with our expectations. However, this quarter's results were lower the first quarter of 2014 due to several items. First, the weather benefit was much lower than realized last year since this winter was much closer to normal compared to the extreme cold temperatures and propane disruptions experienced last winter. Second, this quarter reflected expected higher electric transmission expense at WP&L and higher retail electric customer billing credits at IPL. The billing credits to IPL customers began in May of 2014, therefore, none occurred in the first quarter of 2014. And third, timing of the tax expense at the parent is influenced by the tax benefit riders. However, earnings did benefit from the elimination of capacity charges related to the original Duane Arnold purchase power agreement that expired in the first quarter of 2014. During the first quarter, we experienced a remarkable performance at our generating station. Of note, is that a Riverside and Emery combined-cycle natural gas generating station had capacity factors that averaged approximately 50% and the capacity factors from a wind farm averaged approximately 40%. Also, the environmental control equipment installed at co-plants met all performance requirements. During 2015, we plan to invest over $1 billion of capital in our utilities. Almost 35% of that will be for improvements and expansion of our electric and gas distribution systems, including bringing natural gas service to under served communities. Almost 30% of this year's investment is planned for the construction of a 650 megawatt Marshalltown Generating Station and approximately 30% will go towards environmental and performance improvements at our generating facilities. We are happy to get regulatory approval for the larger capital investments, including Marshalltown. And we continue to enter into engineering, procurement and construction agreements for all large construction projects to mitigate typical construction risks. We continue to make significant progress transforming environmental profile of electric generation by installing emission controls at our tier-1 coal-fired facilities, increasing levels of natural gas-fired generation, and increasing levels of renewable energy. As a result of these efforts, SO2 and NOx emissions are expected to be reduced by at least 90% and 80% respectively from 2005 levels by 2025. Mercury emissions are expected to decline over 90% from 2009 levels by 2025. In Wisconsin, the installation of a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater Unit 5 is in progress, and is approximately 50% complete. We expect to place the project in service in the second quarter of 2016. Capital expenditures forecasted for this project are approximately $300 million. At Columbia, performance improvement work is in progress. A comprehensive asset management program initiate at Columbia started with the installation of two new cooling towers completed in 2014 and the remaining projects are expected to be completed by the end of 2017. WPL's share of the total estimated capital expenditures for these projects is approximately $70 million. We expect to start construction of the PSCW approved Columbia Unit 2 SCR later this year. In Iowa, the tie-end average for the Lansing Generating Station scrubber project has started. The estimated capital expenditure with this project is approximately $55 million and we expect to place this project in service in the third quarter of 2015. April 16, 2015 was our first day of compliance under the Utility, Mercury and Air Toxic Standards or UMATS. We have been preparing for the implementation of this rule for years and have been very satisfied with our performance. To meet the UMATS' compliance requirement at our non-tier-1 units, we installed low cost emission control equipment at Burlington, Edgewater Unit 4, and Prairie Creek. At Nelson Dewey and Edgewater 3, we received a one-year extension from the Wisconsin DNR to keep them on coal until they retire later this year. Also, we plan to convert CAP to run our natural gas. And we have filed a MISO attachment Y related to the decreased capacity of the facility as result of the conversion. We believe our fleet is well-positioned to meet compliance requirements of UMATS. To increase the amount of natural gas-fired generation, we are constructing the Marshalltown Generating Station and have proposed the Riverside Energy Center expansion. In Iowa, site construction is well underway at IPL 650 megawatt combined-cycle natural gas-fired Marshalltown Generating Station. Siemens has completed the manufacturing of one of the CTs and the manufacturing of the second CT is approximately 75% complete. We plan to build a gas pipeline to the facility later this year and are working with ITC on a transmission upgrades necessary to support the project. Marshalltown is expected to be in service by the second quarter of 2017. In Wisconsin, WP&L submitted the Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity or the CPCN to the Public Service Commission for the Riverside Energy Center expansion. The Riverside Energy Center expansion will be located at our existing Riverside site near Beloit, Wisconsin, is approximately at 650 megawatt, highly efficient natural gas generating facility at an estimated cost of $750 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. This facility is similar to our Marshalltown Generating Station and it would replace approximately 700 megawatts of capacity that we expect to retire, including Nelson Dewey Units 1 and 2, Edgewater Units 3 and 4, and various peaking units. The submittal of our proposal is a significant milestone for at least our planning efforts and represents a long-term plan for satisfying the generation needs of our Wisconsin customers. Our evaluation did consider marked proposals and response to an RFP process, as well as other options with existing WPL facilities. Ultimately, we believe it is clear that Riverside expansion proposal would be in a best interest of our customers. The Riverside expansion proposal also includes installing 2 megawatt for solar power. We have several solar projects under development and these initial projects will provide valuable experience to us on how best to integrate solar in a cost effective manner into our electric system. The other solar installations include owning and operating the solar panels at the Indian Creek Nature Center in Iowa, as well as a planned installation at our Madison Corporate Headquarters. The projects that I mentioned were part of the capital expenditure guidance we provided in November. As you can tell from all these activities, we are focused on building a bright future for our customers and our company. In addition to our generation transformation, we are implementing a new customer billing system this year that will allow us to better interact and be more flexible on how we serve customers. One thing that will not change is our commitment to the communities that we serve. Earlier this year, we contributed $2 million to the Hometown Care Energy Fund to help our customers in need with their utility bills. Our Alliant Energy Foundation continues to be very active in supporting our communities in the areas of helping families, education and the environment. But I'm especially proud of our generous employees who donate money and their valuable time to help others in the community. And speaking of our generous talented and dedicated employees, I want to thank them for their continued efforts in achieving our financial, operational and safety goals this quarter. It is a true team effort. Let me summarize our key messages for today. We had a solid first quarter and are well-positioned to deliver on this year's financial and operating objectives. Our plan continues to provide for a 5% to 7% annual earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. Our targeted 2015 dividend increased 8% over the 2014 dividend paid. We will continue to work with our regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups and customers in a transparent manner. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. You are invited to join us at our annual meeting next week, which will be held on May 7 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. And at this time, I will call it -- turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released first quarter earnings last evening with our earnings from continuing operations of $0.87 per share. First quarter 2015 earnings are $0.10 lower than first quarter 2014. Comparisons between the first quarter 2015 and 2014 earnings per share are detailed on Slides 2 and 3. We estimate that first quarter 2015 weather impact when compared to normal temperatures resulted in higher earnings of $0.04 per share. This was $0.08 lower than the first quarter 2014 weather impact of a positive $0.12 per share. Temperatures in Alliant Energy's service territories were approximately 10% colder normal during the first quarter 2015, compared to approximately 20% colder than normal during the first quarter 2014. The extreme weather volatility over the last several years has increased the difficulty in estimating weather impacts. Retail electric sales volumes decreased approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to the impact of the extreme cold temperatures during the first quarter 2014. The abnormally cold weather combined with the higher propane cost and supply constraints in the first quarter of 2014 contributed to customers relying more on electric heating sources, which contributed to increased usage per customer during such period. The quarter-over-quarter decrease in residential and commercial sales volumes was partially offset by increased sales -- increased industrial sales volumes related to recent customer expansions. On a weather normalized basis, retail electric sales volumes decreased approximately 1% quarter-over-quarter. Despite the first quarter results, we continue to forecast normal weather and modest retail electric sales increases of 1% for IPL and 2% for WP&L when compared to 2014. We forecasted residential electric sales increases of less than 1% for both IPL and WP&L when compared to 2014. The 2015 full-year guidance range also factors in retail base rate settlements at IPL and WPL. The IPL electric rate settlement reflected rate base growth, primarily from placing Ottumwa project in service at the end of 2014. The increase in revenue requirements related to this rate-based addition is offset by the elimination of Duane Arnold Purchase Power capacity payments after February 2014. IPL will credit customer bills by approximately $25 million ratably over 2015. By comparison, the billing credits in 2014 were approximately $70 million an occurred from May through December. The WP&L electric rate settlement reflected rate base increases for major projects at Columbia and Edgewater 5. The 2015 revenue requirement increase for these and another rate base additions was completely offset by a reduction in energy efficiency, cost recovery amortizations. Also included in WP&L settlement was an increase in transmission costs primarily related to the anticipated allocation of the SSR costs from the Presque Island plant located in upper Michigan. Subsequent to the settlement, FERC ordered -- issued an order requiring MISO to change how it allocates those SSR expenses. As a result, the amount of the transmission cost billed to WP&L in 2015 will be lower than those reflected in the settlement. Since the PSC also approved escrow accounting treatment transmission costs, WP&L's income statement will reflect transmission expenses based in what was reflected in the settlement. The difference between the actual transmission costs billed to WP&L and those reflected in the settlement will accumulate in a regulatory liability. The amount accumulated in this regulatory liability is another mechanism to plan. We plan to use to minimize future rate increases for our Wisconsin customers. During 2015, IPL will provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $72 million, compared to $82 million in 2014. The actual earnings impact of the 2014 tax benefit riders, as well as the projected quarterly earnings impacts of the 2015 tax benefit riders is provided on Slide 4. As in prior years, the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact, but are not anticipated to impact full-year 2015 results. As mentioned in our year-end call, we have elected to pursue two tax accounting method changes for IPL as part of our ongoing management of customer bills. Like the first tax benefit rider, we proposed accumulation of these benefits in a regulatory liability, which will then be passed through to our customers as billing credits. The unique flow through tax accounting convention in Iowa allows for this treatment. The expected billing credits to customers from these two tax accounting method changes is approximately $75 million. The IUB recently approved this proposal and is still subject to final IRS approval. We proposed to refund the majority of the second tax benefit rider after 2016, which is when the regulatory liability related to the first tax benefit rider is expected to be fully utilized and when we expect to file the next retail electric case in Iowa. Drivers to the difference between the statutory tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC, and the actual and forecast effective tax rates for 2014 and 2015 are provided on Slide 5. As noted, during our year-end call, the consolidated AEC effective tax rate for 2015 is forecasted to increase to be 17%. Turning to our 2015 financing plan, cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We also expect to benefit from not making any material federal income tax payments or pension contributions in 2015. These strong cash flows will partially reduce by credits to customer bills in accordance with IPL's tax benefit riders and IPL's customer billing credits, resulting from the base rate settlement. In our 2015 financing plan, we anticipated issuing approximately $150 million of new common equity. In March and April of this year, we issued approximately $2.2 million shares of new common equity for gross proceeds of $135 million through the at-the-market offering. We plan to issue the remaining approximately $15 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan throughout the remainder of this year. The 2015 financing plan also anticipates issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at IPL with a $150 million with proceeds used to refinance a debt maturity. We may adjust our financing plan as deemed prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan we will maintain the appropriate targeted liquidity, capitalization ratio and credit metrics. The 2015 financing plan assumes that sale of our Minnesota electric distribution assets is completed in the third quarter with gross proceeds of approximately $130 million before customary closing adjustments. We are pleased to report that we received an oral decision from the MPUC yesterday approving the Minnesota electric distribution sale. We are still awaiting approval from the IUB and FERC to close on the Minnesota electric distribution sale. Yesterday, we closed on the sale of our Minnesota gas distribution assets with proceeds of $11 million in cash and a promissory note of $2 million. Now, turning to the ROE complaint against MISO transmission owners. In December 2014, FERC ordered formal proceedings to begin. To-date, various parties have filed testimony with FERC identifying base ROE ranges with stated midpoints between 8.58% and 11.39%, excluding any at center riders that have been granted by FERC. FERC trial staff is expected to file its testimony later this month. A final decision from FERC on the complaint is currently expected in 2016. Based on other recent FERC ROE decisions we believe FERC's decision on the MISO ROE complaint will reduce transmission ROEs, thus reducing customer costs and our annual earnings from our ATC investment. We have included an estimate of this potential reduction in our 2015 earnings guidance and reduced our earnings from ATC this quarter. The modest amount recorded assumes the final base ROE awarded to MISO transmission orders will be toward the top end of the bid points filed by the various parties to the MISO complaint. We have summarized our planned regulatory docket of note in 2015 on Slide 6. We anticipate decisions from the IUB and FERC related to the proposed Minnesota electric distribution sale by the end of the second quarter. We anticipate closing the electric distribution sale in the third quarter. In Wisconsin, we will file the proposed 2016 fuel monitoring level and anticipate receiving a decision on the recovery of the under collected 2014 fuel expenses in the third quarter. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you throughout the year. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions for members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as I can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Hi. Good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Russo: I know you have got a couple of hundred megawatts of wind renewal pool, PPA contracts that roll-off over the next several years, maybe could you just talk about the strategy there? I may have read somewhere that you issued RFP, but I am not exactly sure.
Pat Kampling: Yes, sure. Brian, I would say that those two decisions are independent. We issued NRP right now just because some attractive pricing and wind, in Iowa. And we thought we are just filling the portfolio for our Iowa energy needs. We still are evaluating a long-term needs when these PPAs expire, that's still announces that we are providing, but we have just taken the opportunity of low cost wind right now at Iowa.
Brian Russo: And would that be up sight to your CapEx or is there a price holder the current budget?
Pat Kampling: Yes, we do have price holders in the current budget for additional wind facilities, but its years out.
Brian Russo: Okay great. And it seems like you guys are testing the market on solar opportunities, is there any sort of formulative long-term strategy there?
Pat Kampling: Right now, we are just experimenting. We have -- we are putting solar across the property to really find out how to integrate in a cost effective manner with our electric distribution system. So this will be the first year that we are going to lean, experiment and then we will see what lessons learned and what other opportunities we are going forward.
Brian Russo: Okay. And then lastly, you mentioned a 40% capacity factor on your wind, does that include to Franklin County?
Pat Kampling: Yes, it did. Yes, we had a very good first quarter both cash generation and wind.
Brian Russo: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Pat Kampling: Sure, Brian. End of Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 8, 2015 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company's Web site, later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy. And feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan T. Gille - Manager of Investor Relations Patricia L. Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas L. Hanson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert J. Durian - Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Capital Securities Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today’s conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan T. Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s year-end and fourth quarter 2014 earnings and affirmed 2015 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor Page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us on our year-end earnings call. I will begin with an overview of 2014 performance and show our progress on our capital expenditures including the generation fleet transformation to clean air more efficient energy sources. I will then turn the call over to Tom to walk through our 2014 results and our 2015 guidance. I am pleased to report we’ve had another solid year. I want to thank our dedicated and talented employees for achieving our goals and safety, reliability, customer satisfaction and financial performance. Our 2014 weather normalized earnings are in line with the midpoint of our original earnings guidance issued in November of 2013 and reflected an 8% increase from 2013 as you can see on Slide 2. Through creative and constructive rate making in Iowa and Wisconsin our earnings growth was achieved with a minimal impact on customer rates. Now let me brief you on our construction activities. 2014 was certainly one of the most active construction years in our company history with almost $1 billion deployed into the business. We invested over $335 million in our electric and gas energy delivery systems in 2014 to continue to make our systems more resilient, meet customer growth and to bring natural gas service to communities which did not have access before. We also made significant progress transitioning the environmental profile of our coal generation fleet. Installing mission controls at our Tier 1 coal fired facilities increasing levels of natural gas fired generation and increasing levels of renewable energy result in significant environmental benefits. As a result of these efforts, SO2 and Nox are expected to be reduced by at least 90% and 80% respectively from 2005 levels to 2025. Mercury emissions are expected to decline over 90% from 2009 to levels in 2025. In fact, a majority of these environmental improvements are currently in place. In Wisconsin we completed construction of the baghouses and scrubbers at Columbia Units 1 and 2. The emission reductions have exceeded contractual guarantees and the overall project came in on time and approximately 6% below budget. WP&L share of the capital expenditures for this project was approximately $275 million. We expect to start construction on the recently approved Columbia Unit 2 SCR later this year. The installation of our scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater Unit 5 is in progress. And we expect to place that project in service in the second quarter of 2016. Capital expenditures forecasted for this project are approximately $300 million. In Iowa the scrubber and baghouse at our Ottumwa facility is complete. Again the project was completed on time and slightly below budget. IPL share of the capital expenditure was approximately $160 million. At our Lansing Generating Station the scrubber project is progressing on schedule and the tie in goal is planned for the spring. The estimated capital expenditure for this project is approximately $55 million. In addition to the progress we’re making on transforming our Tier 1 units we prepared our Tier 2 units to be compliant with the Utility Mercury and Air Toxic Standards or UMATS by this April. We installed low cost emission control equipment at Burlington, Edgewater Unit 4, and Prairie Creek and are well positioned to be in UMATS compliance at these units. At Nelson Dewey and Edgewater 3 we already received a one-year extension to keep them on coal. We are planning to convert CAP to run on natural gas but have requested an extension to allow burning coal until MISO has approved the conversion. New procedures have been implemented and our facilities are prepared to meet the UMATS compliance reporting requirements. Site construction is well underway at IPLs combined-cycle natural gas-fired Marshalltown Generating Station. KBR is the engineering procurement and construction contractor for this project and Sumas is providing the combustion turbine technology. The gas pipeline to the facility is planned to be built later this year and we are working with ITC on the transmission upgrades necessary to support the project. Marshalltown is expected to be in the service in the second quarter of 2017. Late last year WP&L unveiled a proposal to expand the Riverside Energy Center in Beloit, Wisconsin. This expansion advances our strategy for implementing environmentally responsible resources and provides for continuing investment in a region where our company has served customers for almost 100 years. We've already started a series of public informational meetings and are pleased with the level of interest in the proposal. Earlier this month, we filed an engineering plan with the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources to determine the environmental permits and approvals required for this project. Within the next couple of months, we expect to submit a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity or the CPCN to the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. In analyzing the need for the WPL resource, we followed the same process we use prior to filing our applications for the construction of Marshalltown and for the purchase of the existing Riverside Units. The process included issuing an RFP to determine what alternatives are available which were all evaluated by a third-party. We also included as options the conversion of existing simple-cycle facilities and construction of a new facility. Our analysis concluded that the construction of a new combined-cycle gas facility would be in the best interest of our customers and the evaluation will be fully described in our PSCW application. The proposed Riverside Energy Center expansion is an approximate 650 megawatt high efficiency natural gas generation resource at an estimated cost between $725 million and $775 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. This facility is similar to our Marshalltown Generating Station and it will replace approximately 700 megawatts of capacity which we expect to retire in the coming years including Nelson Dewey, Edgewater Units 3 and 4 and various peaking units. With plant closures we are striving to creatively reuse sites in ways that have a positive impact on the community and our customers. For example, we are working with the Beloit College was planning to repurpose the Blackhawk Generating Station into a student recreation center. We are also soliciting interest and repurposing our Nelson Dewey station which has great rail and barge access and it is located on the Mississippi River. And we started demolishing our Sixth Street Generating Station located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and we are working with the city and community groups to determine the best use of that site. And this year we plan to expand our energy sources to include both purchase and company owned solar generation. We plan to own or operate the solar panels at the Indian Creek nature Center in Iowa and plan to explore solar installation at the Riverside energy center expansion in Wisconsin. These as well as a few other opportunities we are reviewing will help us understand the most efficient way to incorporate solar into our portfolio. The projects that I mentioned require the capital expenditure guidance we provided in November. As you can tell from all these activities, we are focused on building a bright future for our customers and our company. In addition to our generation transformation, we're transforming customer service operations with new systems that will allow us to better communicate and be more flexible and how we serve customers. And we are very encouraged in supporting our communities through economic development, employee volunteerism and charitable giving not only from our generous employees, but also through our foundation, donations and grants. And all this has and will be accomplished by our talented employees. And we continue to work closely with the IBEW to provide safe, reliable energy to our customers and to help our communities drive. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We had a solid 2014 and are well positioned to deliver on our financial and operating objectives again in 2015. Our plan continues to provide for 5% to 7% earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target increasing our targeted 2015 divided by 8% over the 2014 divided. We will continue to work with our regulators, consumer advocates, environmental groups and customers and a transparent manner. We will continue to manage the company to strike the balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Thank you for your interest and I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released year-end earnings last evening earnings from continuing operations of $3.48 per share. 2014 earnings are higher than 2013 primarily due to lower capacity charges related to IPLs Duane Arnold and WP&Ls Kewaunee Purchase Power Agreements. These positive earnings drivers were partially offset by retail electric customer billings at IPL, higher energy efficiency cost amortizations to WPL, lower electric and gas sales attributed weather and higher depreciation expense. Also as we communicated last year, we accelerated some generation, distribution and customer service operations and maintenance expense into 2014, which was also an offset earnings. Comparisons between 2014 and 2013 earnings per share are detailed on Slide 3, 4 and 5. We estimate that 2014 weather impact when compared to normal temperatures resulted in higher earnings in $0.09 per share. This was $0.08 lower than 2013 impact of a positive $0.17 per share. We saw modest weather and normalized retail sales growth in 2014. Sales trends between 2014 and 2013 are illustrated on Slide 6. The extreme weather volatility over the last several years has increase the difficulty in estimating weather impacts. Now lets review our 2015 earnings guidance. Last quarter we issued our consolidated 2015 earnings per share guidance range of $3.45 to $3.75. Our IPL and WPL retail rate settlements provide increase certainty for customers and allows us an opportunity to earned on an increasing rate base without the inherent uncertainty of traditional rate cases through 2016. The walk from 2014 earnings per share to the midpoint of 2015 estimated earnings guidance range it shown at Slide 7. The pension expense impacts change from the walk presented in November based on the 2014 year-end discount rate and new mortality tables. Also the tax impacts have changed due to additional 2014 flow through benefits at IPL then originally forecasted. The 2015 guidance range assumes normal weather and modest retail sales increases of approximately 1% for IPL and 2% for WP&L when compared to 2014. We are forecasting residential sales increases of less than 1% between 2014 and 2015 for both IPL and WPL. The IPL electric rate settlement reflected rate base growth primarily from placing the Ottumwa projects in service at the end of 2014. The increase in revenue requirements related to these rate based addition is offset by the elimination of Duane Arnold Purchase Power capacity payments. In 2015, IPL will credit customer bills by approxmiatley $25 million. For modeling purpose assume the $25 million will occur ratably over 2015 by comparison the billing credits in 2014 we are approximately $70 million an occurred from May through December. The WP&L electric rate settlement reflected base rate increases for major projects at Columbia and Edgewater Unit 5. The 2015 revenue requirements increase for these and another rate base additions was completely offset by a reduction in energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations. Also included in the WP&L settlement was an increase in transmission costs primarily due to the anticipated allocation of SSR costs from the Presque Isle plant located in upper Michigan. Subsequent to the settlement FERC issued an order requiring MISO to change how it allocates those SSR expenses. As a result the amount of the transmission costs build to WP&L in 2015 will be lower than what was reflected in the settlement. Since the PSC also approved escrow accounting treatment of transmission costs, WP&Ls income statement will reflect transmission expenses based on what was reflected in the settlement. The difference between the actual transmission costs build to WP&L and those reflected in the settlement will accumulate in a regulatory liability with no impact to earnings to 2015. The amount accumulated in this regulatory liability will be another mechanism to be used to minimize future rate increases for our Wisconsin customers. During 2015, IPL will provide tax benefit rider billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $72 million. In comparison the 2014 tax benefit rider billing credits were $82 million. The actual earnings impact of the 2014 tax benefit riders as well as the projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2015 tax benefit rider is provided on Slide 8. As in prior years the tax benefit riders have a quarterly timing impact, but are not anticipated to impact full-year 2015 results. In our ongoing management of customer bills we have elected to pursue two additional tax accounting method changes for IPL. These accounting changes will accumulate benefits in a regulatory liability which will then be passed through to customers as billing credits. IPLs unique flow through tax accounting convention allows for this treatment. The first accounting change relates to current deduction of certain repair expenditures of electric generation assets for tax purposes. The second accounting change is due to the tax treatment of the cost retrievable expenditures related to the partial disposition of assets. The total expected billing credits to customers from these two tax accounting method changes is approximately $75 million and is subject to final IRS and IUB approval. We have proposed to refund this second tax benefit rider after 2016 which is when the regulatory liability related to the first tax benefit rider is expected to be fully utilized. The difference between the statutory tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC and the actual and forecasted effective tax rates for 2014 and 2015 is provided on Slide 9. As noted on the slide the consolidated AEC effective tax is forecasted to increase to 17% from 10%. The difference in the effective tax rates are primarily due to higher pretax income and lower tax benefits at IPL in 2015. The higher pretax book income is primarily due to lower IPL billing credits. The lower tax benefits are due to lower tax benefit rate of credits and expected reductions in flow through tax benefits at IPL. Turning to our 2015 financing plan, cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given earnings generated by the business. We will also benefit given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments or pension contributions in 2015. These strong cash flows will be partially reduced by credits to customer bills in accordance with IPLs tax benefit riders and IPLs customer billing credits resulting from the rate settlement. In the 2015 financing plan we anticipate issuing approximately $150 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan and likely and at the market offering or a dribble out program. We switched the shareowner direct plan to original issue earlier this month. The 2015, plan also anticipate issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at IPL with the $150 million to proceeds used to refinance a debt maturity. The plan also assumes that the sale of our Minnesota electric and gas distribution assets will be completed by mid-2015 with proceeds of approximately $140 million before customary closing adjustments. We may adjust our financing plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan we will maintain the appropriate targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. The bonus depreciation extension for certain operating expenditures incurred through incurred through December 31, 2014 is not expected to have an impact on our 2015 equity needs. We expect a positive cash impact of approximately $90 million which will not be realized until 2017 due to our NOL carry forward position. The bonus depreciation does result in a combined IPL and WP&L rate based reduction of approximately $40 million in 2017. This rate base impact was not reflected in the rate based information provided in our investor relation presentation at the November EEI nor in the December Barclays conference presentation. Now turning to our transmission ROE complaint at MISO. FERC has initiated a formal hearing procedure to address the compliant and is an expected to issue its decision later this year. As we’ve stated previously we believe the impact of the FERC decision could reduce our annual equity earnings from our [AT co-investment] between $0.01 to $0.03 per share. We have include an estimate of this potential reduction in our 2015 earnings guidance. In addition, the impact of any ROE reduction on transmission expenses will be passed on to our electric customers at IPL and WP&L. We summarized our plan regulatory dockets of note in 2015 on Slide 10. We anticipate a decision from the IUB on the IPL emission plan and budget and the Minnesota electric distribution sale by mid-year. In Minnesota we anticipate closing the electric and gas distribution sales by mid-year. In Wisconsin, we plan to file an application for a CPCN to construct the proposed approximately 650 megawatt Riverside expansion. We anticipate the PSCW issuing order by mid 2016 for this project. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with throughout the year. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions for members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning’s call. [Operator Instructions]. And we’ll go to Brian Russo with Ladenburg.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, Brian.
Brian J. Russo: Just curious, the outlook for weather normalized sales in both jurisdictions is that kind of tracking what's kind of embedded in the settlements?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes.
Brian J. Russo: Okay. And can you quantify the SSR amount that's going to be refunded to customers?
Thomas L. Hanson: We don’t have a specific amount yet Brian. I would not expect it to be a significant amount, but as I said it’s going to be hung up with the balance sheet and it will be available then for refund with the next rate case.
Brian J. Russo: Okay.
Patricia L. Kampling: Brian, this is Pat. We will give you more transparency in that number now that the SSR costs are being little more finalized, so the next time we meet we’ll have a little more transparency on that.
Brian J. Russo: Okay, great. And then you guys have done a good job of finding customer benefits and refunds. I am just curious as you look towards the next rate case filing at IPL. Do you anticipate additional offsets to the rate increase?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, the $75 million of the additional tax benefit rider that we are proposing at this point Brian will be really used for that purpose.
Brian J. Russo: Okay, great. And then lastly, just remind us of the allowed ROE in both jurisdictions and then how the sharing bans work?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, in Iowa its about a 10% allowed ROE when you consider the fact that we got 577 treatment in some of the items. In Wisconsin its 10, 4 and the sharing mechanism is that - when earnings get to 10, 6, 5 there is a sharing mechanism and it’s 50% from 10, 6, 5, to 11, 4 and then after 11, 4 it’s a 100% dedicated to rate pairs.
Brian J. Russo: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Patricia L. Kampling: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: And our next question is from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, everyone, good morning.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: First, just quick one on the cash flows, it sounds like there was no change to the debt or equity plans for 2015, when I look at the bridge for the EPS guidance. Well, it looks like there were a couple of pennies of smaller drags, what’s causing that?
Thomas L. Hanson: Well, from a cash flow there is no substantive changes. And in terms of the earnings we just – with the November guidance we had an estimate for fourth quarter. Now that we got the benefit of actual, we've gone back and adjusted a couple of those line items. Nothing is significant, but hopefully it will just allow you to monitor our progress over 2015 with actual now that we've got those completed.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. That makes sense. Okay, then a couple follow-up questions on your comments on the solar opportunity that you talked about, can you maybe just elaborate a bit on you mentioned that it's included in the CapEx forecast you gave in November, but would that be in the first five years or the second five-year buckets, would that be instead of some of the win you’ve been looking into or in addition, and lastly would you depend on the EPA's Carbon rule or is this more of an economic opportunity?
Patricia L. Kampling: Okay, that’s a lot of questions. The credits we're looking at right now are not huge. So there are millions of dollars, not tens of millions of dollars. So they are just in the general capital guidance even for 2015 and 2016. We haven’t really looked at solar beyond the next couple of years right now. We want to make sure we understand how it integrates well into the grid and that's why we're taking these steps right now to learn on these projects. And it's really independent of what happens on the EPA plan at this point.
Andrew Weisel: All right. Very good. Thank you.
Patricia L. Kampling: And it doesn’t change any of our capital guidance that we provided.
Andrew Weisel: Got it.
Operator: And we will go to our next question Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve I. Fleishman: Hi, good morning
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, Steve.
Steve I. Fleishman: Hi, Pat. So it sounds like you are taking a reserve in your guidance for the ATC ROE outcome in the MISO review? Could you just is this something like it sounds like so you have to do or you are just kind of choosing to do that to be cautious and how are you setting this reserve?
Patricia L. Kampling: Well, I’ll say is that since it is probable that ROEs will probably be changing the transmission world. We did take a reserve and however for us it’s really immaterial, we are not been very specific about the targeted ROEs at this point, but we did take a slight reserve.
Steve I. Fleishman: Okay. And then just when would you need to be kind of going back to working on kind of the next rate deals I guess both go through 2016, or is it something you have to start working on basically beginning of next year?
Patricia L. Kampling: We are actually working on them right now. We do multiyear capital planning, so as we develop our plans we want to make sure these rate cases are very solid and we can smoothen any rate increases as necessary and as we talked about the Dewey, we got the TBR dollars to be used and then in Wisconsin we are going to have some additional dollars that are in escrow that we can use. So we are working on that right now, putting our plans together, we don’t need to file them all until Wisconsin is 2016, and Iowa be early 2017, but the planning has already started.
Steve I. Fleishman: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Patricia L. Kampling: Thanks Steve. End of Q&A
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan T. Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 3, 2015 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Director-Investor Relations Patricia Leonard Kampling – Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President  Thomas L. Hanson – Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President  
Analysts: Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management, LP  
Operator:  Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy’s third quarter 2014 earnings, updating 2014 earnings guidance, and providing 2014 through 2023 capital expenditure guidance. We also issued earnings guidance and the common stock dividend target for 2015. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor Page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Leonard Kampling:  Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The Veterans Day is just a few days away. I would like to take a moment and pay tribute to the approximately 400 proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy and those veterans that are on the call with us today. We thank you for your service to our country and for protecting our freedom. Enjoy your special day. Yesterday we issued two press releases. The first press release described our plans to build a combined cycle, 650 megawatt natural gas fuel facility, which we are referring to as the Riverside Energy Center expansion located on our property in Beloit, Wisconsin. The estimated capital expenditure range for this facility is between $725 million and $775 million excluding AFUDC and transmission. The second press release provided third quarter and year-to-date results, our revised 2014 earnings guidance range and our 2015 earnings guidance and targeted common stock dividend. That release also updated capital expenditure plans through 2017 and provided our capital expenditure plans for 2018 through 2023. Let me start with year-to-date 2014 financial results. I am pleased to report that we’ve had another solid quarter as our employees continue to manage our operations in a manner that has allowed us to meet our operating plan, objectives for safety, reliability, customer cost, and financial performance. In fact, our weather-normalized earnings are in line with the midpoint of our earnings guidance of $3.40 per share. However, we have increased and narrowed the midpoint of our earnings guidance range to $3.48 per share to incorporate the positive $0.08 per share weather year-to-date. The $0.12 per share weather benefit realized in the first quarter of the year, mostly due to the winter that we all want to forget, still far outweighed the $0.04 per share cooler than normal weather experienced during the second and third quarters. Now looking at next year, the midpoint of our guidance for 2015 is $3.60 per share, a 6% increase from our projected weather-normalized 2014 guidance of $3.40 per share. Our long-term earnings growth objective continues to be 5% to 7% based on 2013 weather-normalized earnings and 2015’s guidance is within that range as detailed on Slide 2. The earnings guidance increase in 2015 is a result of our ability to earn our authorized turns on rate base additions of book utilizes, which was incorporated in both retail base rate settlements. These settlements provide increased certainty for customers as well as allow us the opportunity to earn on an increasing rate base without the inherit uncertainty of traditional contested rate cases through 2016. The IPL settlement utilize the capacity payments that are included in base rates under the prior DAEC purchase power agreement to more than offset rate-based growth and other traditional changes and revenue requirements. The result allowed us to refund the difference to customers for each year of the settlement. The customer refunds will flow through the energy adjustment clause, offsetting some of the expense related to the new energy-only DAEC contract that was effective in February 2014. The WPL settlement utilized excess energy efficiency recoveries to offset increases in revenue requirements. A balance of approximately $50 million will be amortized over the next two years to offset increases in electric revenue requirements, including the return on and off rate base additions. To summarize, both retail rate case settlements allow us on our increasing rate base while keeping retail electric base rates stable. These retail rate settlements are an excellent example of the creative and prudent means by which our state regulators, consumer groups and customers have worked together in a collaborative manner to create rate certainty for customers and our ability to earn authorized returns. Yesterday we also announced an 8% increase in our targeted 2015 common dividend level to $2.20 per share from our current annual dividend of $2.04 per share. The dividend target is consistent with our long-term target dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of consolidated earnings.
 : There are two main reasons for the increased capital needs in our gas distribution business. First, we are anticipating the new gas pipeline safety rules will be issued in 2015 and we expect that these new rules will likely require an acceleration of older pipeline replacements. Second, we are working with several communities that are requesting new or expanded natural gas service. One example is the new 13 mile pipeline to serve a several large industrial customers in Iowa. In Wisconsin, we have an application at the PSCW for a pipeline to expand natural gas service to the Oakdale, Wisconsin area for economic development and to service sand mines in that area. The total capital expenditure associated with these two projects is approximately $40 million. The other press release issued yesterday described our proposed expansion of the Riverside Energy Center to replace approximately 700 megawatts of capacity, currently provided by several aging coal-fired and natural gas fuel power plants for which retirement is planned in the next few years. We believe that a new resource will be needed in 2019 due to the previously announced coal plant retirements of Nelson Dewey 1 and 2 and Edgewater 3, as well as our plants to retire certain other aging facilities if this new resource is approved. As you may recall, the previous capital expenditure plan included a placeholder for a 300 megawatt combined cycle facility. We anticipate filing our application with the PSCW and the first half of 2015 to construct a new 650 megawatt high efficiency gas resource at an estimated cost between $725 million and $775 million, excluding AFUDC and transmission. This facility is similar to a Marshalltown generating station currently under construction in Iowa. As part of our long-term planning, the Riverside Energy Center will also be evaluated for the integration of solar energy as we continue to expand our renewable portfolio. As I indicated earlier, citing studies have concluded that the proposed location of the facility will be Beloit Wisconsin near our existing Riverside and Rock River generating station. This site has access to gas with multiple natural gas pipeline options, solar electric transmission, and will enable economic development within our service territories. If this facility is approved, we plan to retire the Rock River and Sheepskin peaking units, which are near the end of their useful life as well as the retirement of Edgewater Unit 4. Our evaluation of converting a 45-year-old Edgewater Unit 4 to run on natural gas has shown that such conversion would not be economical for our customers. And analyzing the need for WPL resource, we follow the same process to use in our last several new resource applications. We issued an RFP earlier this year and engaged a third party to evaluate their responses. We also compare the proposals against possible gas conversion of existing facilities and we considered construction of a new facility. Our analysis has concluded that the construction of a new combined cycle gas facility would be in the best interest of our customers and the analysis will be fully described in the application we filed with the PSCW. On slide 5, we have provided a 10-year view of our forecasted capital expenditures. As you can see, our plan includes additional generation needs beyond 2018 which we anticipate will include gas, wind, and other renewable resources. These additional renewables in our plan will fulfill customer energy needs and assist us in complying with EPAs Clean Power Plan. When reviewing on Slide 5, it is also important to note that approximately 25% of the 10 year capital plan will be spend on our electric distribution system to ensure reliable delivery of energy to our customers. Please note that the WP&L and IPL split of the updated capital expenditures through 2018 as well as updated rate-based estimates for 2013 through 2017 will be provided in the EEI investor presentation slide deck, which will be posted on our website later today. Now, let me brief you on our current construction activities. As year-end approaches, this has certainly been one of our busiest construction years. I thank the employees and almost 1,000 contract workers on our property for working safely and for their assistance with these important projects. I’m extremely proud of the achievements we have made and continue to make and transitioning the environmental profile of our fossil generation fleet. We are committed to the goal of reducing NOx emissions by approximately 80% and SO2 mercury emissions by approximately 90% by 2020 as well as reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. In Wisconsin, construction of baghouses and scrubbers at Columbia Units 1 and 2, a substantially complete and the environmental performance to date is better than the contractual guarantees. I’m very proud to report that this project came in approximately $30 million below budget and the additional performance improvement work is currently underway. Recently, Columbia’s baghouse and scrubber project was name one of the two finalists for Power Engineering magazine’s project of the year and one of the seven finalists for Platts 2014 Global Energy Premier Project Award construction. This is a well-deserved recognition and applaud and thank the Alliant Energy employees and contractors that contributed to the success of this project. The installation of the scrubber and baghouse of Edgewater Unit 5 is in-process with approximately 20% of the work complete. This project is expected to be placed in service in the second quarter of 2016. In Iowa, the scrubber and baghouse and turbine upgrade at our Ottumwa facility as approximately 90% complete and approximately $10 million below budget and is expected to be placed in service before the end of this year. In addition, the Lansing Unit 4 scrubber project is approximately 40% complete and the tie-in outage is planned for the third quarter 2015. Construction of IPL 650 megawatt combined-cycle natural gas-fired by Marshalltown generating station is in progress. Site construction activities are underway and this project is expected to be in service in the second quarter of 2017. KBR is the engineering, procurement, and construction contractor for this project will includes Siemens’ combustion turbine technology. In addition to the progress we are making on transforming our Tier 1 units, we are preparing our Tier 2 units to be compliant with the Utility Mercury and Air Toxics Standards or UMATS by the April 2015 deadline. Based on our testing and training this year, we believe we are well positioned to be in compliance with these new regulations and to ensure flexible and environmentally compliant generating fleet that will serve our customers well. I’ll close my remarks today with a brief mention of two federal topics we are monitoring: the Clean Power Plan and the MISO ROE challenge. EPA’s Clean Power Plan would require states to develop plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants by 2030. The proposed reduction for Wisconsin is 34% and for Iowa is 16% from 2012 levels. We have been advocating on behalf of our customers for a plan that is flexible and can be implemented cost effectively and then show reliability. The public comments we will be submitting by December 1 will have three main areas of focus. First, the EPA’s plan allows us to continue to provide safe, reliable and cost effective power to our customers. Second, that the EPA recognizes the investments we are planning to make and receive full credit for those investments we have already made, no matter the location of the investment. And third, the plan must be based on attainable goals that can be achieved in a reasonable timeframe. Turning now to the transmission ROE challenge at MISO, last month FERC sent the pending ROE challenge in MISO to settle in conference and then to hearing. FERC denied the challenge to equity rich capital structures, and upheld the existing transmission ROE incentive. During this meeting FERC stated that total ROEs, including incentives, would be capped at the top end of a reasonable range. The range of ROEs on FERC’s discussion on ISO New England’s authorized return on equity was from 10.57% to 11.74%. If those same bookends were applied to ATC’s current 12.2% allowed ROE, we would expect Alliant Energy’s range of annual earnings exposure would be a reduction of $0.03 to $0.01 per share respectively. So let me summarize the key messages for today. We will continue to manage the company, striking a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impact to customers. We have a plan that will continue to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We’re having a solid 2014, and increased the midpoint of our 2014 consolidated earnings guidance to reflect the benefit of weather and have provided earnings and dividend guidance for 2015.
 : And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce, which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are discussing today. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
 : And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce, which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are discussing today. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released third quarter earnings last evening with GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.40 per share. 2014 third quarter earnings are lower than third quarter 2013 primarily due to electric customer billing credits at IPL, lower quarter-over-quarter earnings due to cooler summer weather, higher energy efficiency cost recovery amortizations to WPL, and higher depreciation expense. The lower earnings were partially offset by lower purchase power capacity costs related to Duane Arnold and Kewaunee. Comparisons between third quarter 2014 and 2013 earnings per share are detailed on slides 6 and 7. With approximately 20% fewer cooling degree days compared to normal, the third quarter 2014 weather resulted in lower earnings from electric sales of $0.06 per share. This is $0.13 lower than the third quarter 2013 impact of a positive $0.07 per share. We have modest weather normalized retail sales growth in 2014. Sales trends between 2014 and 2013 are illustrated on Slide 8. You will see that the growth we are experiencing in our industrial and commercial class – customer class it partially offset with residential sales declines year-over-year. The extreme weather volatility we experienced over the last years has increase the difficulty in estimating the impact of weather has on customer usage. IPL’s tax benefit riders resulted in a negative $0.02 per share variance in the third quarter of 2014, when compared to the third quarter of 2013. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact to the 2014 benefit riders, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact to the 2013 tax benefit riders is provided on Slide 9. The tax benefit riders have a quarterly impact, but do not anticipate to impact full year 2014 results. Year-to-date earnings are tracking in line with 2014 earnings guidance range in our operating plan. Comparing earnings from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2014 versus 2013, earnings were up 9% year-over-year. Drivers of the differences between the statutory tax rates for IPL, WP&L and DAEC, and the actual forecasted tax rates for 2013 to 2014 is provided on slide 10. Please note that our projected 2014 effective tax rate has decreased to 12% versus the 16% we previously forecasted. This change in estimate resulted from higher than expected mixed service cost deductions at IPL, which immediately flow through the income statement due to flow through tax accounting methodology prescribed by IO regulators. Now let’s review our 2015 guidance. Last evening we issued our consolidated 2015 earnings guidance range of $3.45 to $3.75 earnings per share. It walked from the mid-point of the 2014 to 2015 estimated guidance range is shown on Slide 11. The 2015 guidance range assumes normal weather and modest retail sales increases of approximately 1.5% for IPL and 2% for WP&L when compared 2014. Also the earnings guidance is based upon the impacts of IPLs and WP&Ls previously announced retail electric base rate settlements and WP&Ls gas base rate decrease. The IPL settlement reflected rate base growth primarily from placing the Ottumwa baghouse and scrubber and performance improvement in service at the end of 2014. The increase in revenue requirements related to rate base additions is offset by the elimination of Duane Arnold purchase power capacity payment. In 2015, IPL will credit customer bills by approximately $25 million by comparison the billing credits in 2014 are approximately $70 million. The WP&L settlement reflected electric rate base growth as a result of the construction in progress for the Edgewater 5 baghouse and scrubber and placing the Columbia baghouse and scrubber in service during 2014. The increase in revenue requirements in 2015 for these and other rate base additions was completely offset by lower energy efficiency costs recovery amortizations. WP&Ls electric settlement also reflected higher forecasted transmission expenses for 2015 and 2016 and the approval of escrow accounting for transmission expense. Subsequent to the approval of the electric settlement, FERC issued an order requiring MISO to change how it allocates SSR expenses. As a result WP&L will no longer allocated certain SSR expenses which will reduce its forecasted 2015 transmission billings. But because the escrow accounting approved by the PSCW, this reduction in transmission billings will not impact earnings as WP&L must match it to 2015 transmission expenses to the recovery level reflected in the settlement. Any reduction in transmission billings below the level reflected in the settlement will be accumulated in a regulatory liability to be refunded to WP&L’s customers in the future. Retirement plan expense is currently expected to be approximately $0.05 per share higher in 2015 due largely due to anticipated reductions in the discount rate and asset returns during 2014. These amounts will be updated at year-end 2014 affirming the actual 2015 retirement plan expense. Given the changes expected with income tax expense in 2015 supplemental slide 12 has been provided to assist you in modeling forecasted 2015 effective tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC. Turning to our financing plans, cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We will also benefit given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments in 2015. These strong cash flows will be partially reduced by credits to customer bills in accordance with IPLs tax benefit riders and IPLs customer billing credits resulting from the settlement. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our target liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. In October, we issued $250 million of 4.1% long-term debt at WP&L maturing in 2044 and refinanced $250 million of 4% long-term debt at the parent with a two year variable rate term loan. Before the end of the year, we plan to issue $250 million of long-term debt at IPL and we’ll refinance the $60 million debt for the Franklin County wind Farm. Our 2015 financing plan assumes we’ll complete sale of our Minnesota gas distribution assets by the end of the first quarter of 2015, and the electric distribution assets by the end of the first half of 2015 and receive sales proceeds of approximately $130 million. The 2015 financing plan also anticipate issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at IPL with a $150 million of the proceeds utilized to refinance maturity of debentures. We also anticipate issuing approximately $150 million of new common equity in 2015 through our shareowner direct plan and one or more offerings. We do not currently plan to issue any material new common equity in 2016. We may adjust our plans as being prudent if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current plan regulatory dockets of note for the rest of 2014 and 2015 we have summarized on Slide 13. Yesterday, the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission issued its oral decision to approve the sale of the gas distribution assets and determine that public common hearings were necessary in order for the commission to make a decision on the sale of the Minnesota electric distribution assets. Next year, we anticipate it will be a decision by the IUB on the IPL emissions planning budget and we anticipate it will be a decision from the PSCW on our application just to construct the Columbia unit 2 SCR. And finally, in the first half of 2015, we will define application for a Certificate of Public Convenience Necessity to construct the proposed 650 megawatt Riverside expansion that Pat discussed previously. We will anticipate the PSCW issuing order by mid 2016. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you at EEI. The slides to be discussed in EEI will be posted on our website as we do with all of our investor relations conference slides. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator:  Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions for members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning’s call. (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital:  Good morning, everybody. 
Patricia Leonard Kampling:  Good morning, Andrew. 
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital:  My question is on the increased CapEx, very impressive numbers. Tom, I think you said that you’re now expecting a $150 million in 2015 and nothing in 2016. So over the two years, no change to the equity needs even though you’re adding almost $350 million of CapEx. Can you sort of walk me through what’s going to plug that difference? And then the second part of that question is, given that you’re in rate freezes in both states for the two years, any impact on your ability to earn the lot ROEs.
Patricia Leonard Kampling:  First, you should expect that we will be earning our ROEs during the next two years. So that was a key component of the settlements in both states, with respect to the equity, we are expecting to meet the equity need to 2015, as I stated there will be no incremental leads in 2016. And the delta really will be offset with the expectation, we’ll have additional cash flows from operations.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay, great. Next question is on the new Riverside plant that you are talking about to help me understand the numbers in the sense that you are replacing 300 megawatts, you had been using 300 megawatts as a placeholder, did that RFP for up to 600 and now you are coming out with the plan for 650. Why – how did you lend on a significantly bigger number for the Riverside project?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Sure, I’ll handle that one. First, we did our analysis with more economical for us to retire some of these older peaking units as well, that’s what really made the difference between the 300 to the 700.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay, great, yes. Sorry, if I missed that. And then lastly, when I go through the walk for 2015 guidance, I see $0.09 per other mostly low growth, what percentage increases that assume?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: We are assuming a 1.5% growth in retail sales at IPL and 2% growth at WPL.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Alright, thanks a lot.
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Andrew, if I could just clarify something, the additional retirement of Edgewater unit 4 is also in the calculation of the megawatts.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: And how many megawatts for that one?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: 225.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Great. That definitely fills the hole then, thank you.
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Exactly, thank you.
Operator: And next we’ll go to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Development. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Hi, good morning.
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Just in terms of the 2015 guidance, should we assume like that the midpoint of that guidance is both utilities earning their loud ROE. I know there is upside to the earn returns at IPO and sharing bans, would that kind of get you to say the upper core tile of that range versus the midpoint?
Patricia Leonard Kampling:  You are right. Brian so the midpoint is established with those earning or authorize returns any difference from that would be within the range of the guidance.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development:  Okay, great. And I would imagine in the EEI presentation, you also disclosed your updated AFUDC forecast?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: We will be providing update rate base as well as equip balances and the equip balances you will be able to calculate the incremental AFUDC.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Okay. So can we talk now about the incremental AFUDC associated with the Riverside CCGT or you just rather way for the presentation?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Yes. Brian, we are going to be posting those at the end of the day today.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Okay. Fair enough.
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Thank you.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: And then I’m just curious you conducted the RFP process, you’ve now chosen to self build the CCGT. I would imagine Brown Field development is just competitive on a variety of different levels than any newbuild scenario that may have been submitted in the RFP is that the kind of way to look at it?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: There were a lot of different options Brian. This location and we actually own this land as part of our Riverside facility right now. It’s just a really good location for gas transmission, et cetera. So that was one of the key factors in this.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Got it. Okay. And then is it also the way to look at the CCGT is that the rate impact of the added resource in base rates is going to be partially offset, or more than offset or more than offset by the capacity contracts that roll off or partially?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Yes Brain there’s no capacity contracts rolling off with this new facility. But it will be a gradual, the way in Wisconsin where you earned during construction will be a gradual increase to customers over several years.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Okay. So it won’t be like the magnitude as the rate increase that you are going to see from Marshalltown in IPL?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: No it’d be for multiple years.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Development: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we’ll take a question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management, LP: What happens if bonus depreciation is extended, does that have any impact on the financing or anything?
Robert J. Durian: With respect to the equity financing it would not, because of the NOLs that we have, certainly with bonus depreciation it will result in additional NOLs, but currently we are not expecting to be a taxpayer, till 2016. So with the potential extenders, that could push us in 2017, so that would not be impacting the target equity that we have planned for 2015.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management, LP: Okay. And secondly can we look at this, I guess, like the dividend hike. Can we look at this new rate as this kind of was kind of like 8% or something, can we expect now 7% to 8% growth in dividend going forward?
Patricia Leonard Kampling: The dividend will be growing as earnings grow. What we’re doing is just slightly moving up in the range. And we’ll evaluate that each year though.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management, LP: Okay, okay, thank you Pat.
Patricia Leonard Kampling: Sure, we’ll see you next week.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management, LP: Thanks.
Thomas L. Hanson: And Miss Gill there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 14, 2014 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille -  Patricia L. Kampling - Chairperson of The Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas L. Hanson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi
Operator: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Alliant Energy’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank you on the call and the web cast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release yesterday, announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter 2014 earnings and reaffirming 2014 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor Page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued yesterday and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we had another solid quarter. Consolidated earnings were $0.56 per share, bringing our year-to-date earnings in at $1.53 per share, which is $0.28 higher than year-to-date earnings last year. Included in our year-to-date earnings is a positive weather benefit of $0.14 per share. However, we expect that the mild July weather will negatively impact earnings by approximately $0.09 per share. Therefore, our year-end earnings are now trending back towards the midpoint of our earnings guidance issued in November 2013, which was based on normal weather. The economy continues to improve in our service territories. Unemployment rates in both Iowa and Wisconsin are below the national average and we continue to see higher electric usage from our industrial customers, with increases of 2.5% in the second quarter, and 3.6% year-to-date, compared to the same periods last year. It is great to see our communities experiencing economic expansion across many industrial sectors throughout our service territory. Tom will provide more detail on these sales trends later. 2014 is a critical year as we transform our generation fleet and I'm happy to report that all the projects are progressing very well. We recently celebrated the completion of Columbia's baghouses and scrubbers. The project was placed in-service on time, and we estimate that the total cost will be approximately 5% below the $630 million original budget. The installation of the baghouse and scrubber at Ottumwa is on-time and on budget and expected to be placed in-service in December. In addition, MidAmerican has completed construction of baghouses and scrubbers at Neal Units 3 and 4. Also, the construction of Lansing's scrubber will begin this month, and the construction of Edgewater unit 5 baghouse and scrubber recently started. In addition to our progress in transforming our Tier 1 units, we are also making progress of preparing our Tier 2 units to be compliant with the Utility Mercury and Air Toxics Standards by the April 2015 deadline. The work we are performing on these units will position them to operate for the near future as we continue the orderly transition of our generation fleet. We are currently installing low-cost emission controls at our Prairie Creek and Burlington generating stations so they continue to burn coal, and we are converting our M.L. Kapp Generating Station from coal to natural gas. Through year-end 2013, we have spent approximately $20 million on these facilities and our 2014 to 2017 capital expenditure plan includes additional investments of approximately $30 million. We recently had our groundbreaking ceremony in Marshalltown, Iowa to officially celebrate the beginning of the construction of our Marshalltown Generating Station. The outpouring of support from the community has been tremendous. We selected KBR as our engineering, procurement and construction contractor and Siemens turbines for the major equipment for the 650-megawatt combined cycle natural gas facility. This contract locks in approximately 80% of the plant and natural gas pipeline construction expenditures. As a reminder, the IUB approved a return on common equity of 11% for the 35-year depreciable life of the Marshalltown facility, and the use of 10.3% return on common equity for the calculation of AFUDC. The order also established a $920 million cost cap, including AFUDC and the transmission upgrade costs. We believe that the cost cap is sufficient to complete the project, including the transmission upgrade costs. We anticipate ITC will self-fund the transmission upgrade and build IPL for the associated revenue requirement. We expect these costs to flow through the transmission rider. We are truly seeing a transformation of our fleet to one that has lower emissions, while staying on the focused reliable and affordable power generation for our customers. The next generation resource we are planning is a capacity and energy addition at WPL for 2019. WPL is conducting a feasibility study of resource options, and we have recently received responses to the request for proposal we issued to determine what available options exist. The RFP was up to 600 megawatts to recognize the need of approximately 300 megawatts relating to the retirement of 3 coal units, as well as the need for capacity to replace the anticipated retirement of several older gas peaking units. Our current capital expenditure plan includes a new 300 megawatt natural gas-fired combined cycle generating side facility as a placeholder until we determine the desired resource. We anticipate making the regulatory filing with the PSCW in early 2015. Now let me update on you our recent regulatory activities. We have received a written order from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin authorizing WP&L to freeze retail electric base rates, which were set in 2011 at their current levels through the end of 2016. Also, retail natural gas customers' base rates will be reduced by $5 million in 2015, followed by a freeze of those rates through 2016. The order includes the return of and on the significant investments made in our emission controls projects at Columbia and Edgewater, as well as our investments in the electric and natural gas distribution systems. The recovery of these investments is offset by changes in the amortization of the energy efficiency regulatory liability. This regulatory reliability comes from over-collections we received from customers during the past few years. We expect to have $64 million in this regulatory liability at the end of 2014 and we expect to use $17 million in 2015 and $32 million in 2016. The order provides for the continuation of the 10.4% ROE, a common equity ratio of slightly above 50%, and the ROE sharing mechanism starting at 10.65% that was established in the last base rate settlement. The fuel monitoring level will continue to set be set annually. We submitted the fuel-only filing for 2015 and it is currently under review by the PSCW. We expect to receive an order by year end. In March, we announced a unanimous retail electric base rate settlement between IPL, the Office of Consumer Advocate, the Iowa Consumer Coalition, and the Large Energy Group to freeze retail electric base rates for Iowa customers through 2016. This settlement includes a customer billing credit of $70 million for 2014, $25 million for 2015, and a final credit of $10 million for 2016. We had agreement from all the parties and the IUB to begin crediting customer bills in May. The credits are subject to a true-up based on the IUB's final decision. Today, we have responded to 2 data requests from the IUB and will be responding to a third set of data requests very shortly. We anticipate a decision from the IUB on this proposed settlement this quarter. Approval of the settlement will extend the retail electric base rates set in 2011 through 2016. This multi-party settlement allows for the continuation of the energy adjustment clause, the transmission rider and the electric tax benefit rider credits through 2016. The settlement terms are based on maintaining the current authorized return on equity, common equity ratio, and earning a return of and on the 2014 year-end Iowa electric retail base rates of approximately -- rate base of approximately $3.1 billion. The rate base additions include the investments at Ottumwa, Neal, Burlington and, Prairie Creek, as well as investments in our electric distribution system. Pending the IUB's approval of this settlement, we anticipate that the next retail electric base rate case will be filed on the first half of 2017 to coincide with the in-service of the Marshalltown Generating Station. On the federal level, the recent FERC decision on ISO New England's authorized return on equity may impact ATC's ROE. The range of ROEs and FERC's decision was from 10.57% to 11.74%. If those same bookends were applied to ATC's current 12.2% allowed ROE, we would expect Alliant Energy's annual earnings exposure would be negative $0.03 and $0.01 per share, respectively. And finally, I would like to take a brief moment to discuss EPA's proposed carbon policy. EPA's Clean Power Plan would require states to develop plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants by 2030. The proposed reduction for Wisconsin is 34% and for Iowa, 16% from 2012 levels. We will advocate for our customers in 3 main areas: First, that the EPA's plan allows us to continue to provide safe and reliable power to our customers; second, that the EPA recognize the investments we have already made and thus, receive full credit for those investments toward future compliance goals; and third, for attainable goals on a reasonable timeframe. So let me summarize the key messages for today. We had a successful first half of 2014 and we believe we are on track to deliver another solid year of earnings. We will continue to manage the company, striking a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost impact to customers. We have a plan to continue to meet our 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth objective, and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We are making progress transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced, with lower emissions and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. At the same time, we are focused on economically meeting the energy and capacity needs of our customers. We continue to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to obtain fair and timely outcomes. And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are talking about today. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We announced second quarter 2014 earnings last evening with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.56 per share. These earnings are a $0.03 share decrease when compared to 2013 second quarter earnings of $0.59 per share. Comparisons between 2014 and 2013 second quarter earnings per share are detailed on Slides 2 and 3. Second quarter 2014 earnings were lower than second quarter 2013, primarily due to retail electric consumer billing credits at IPL, higher energy efficiency cost amortizations at WPL, higher generation, O&M and interest expenses at IPL and higher depreciation expense at both IPL and WPL, resulting from placing environmental projects in service. These negative drivers were partially offset by lower capacity payments related to the renegotiation of the Duane Arnold Energy Center purchased power contract and the expiration of the Kewaunee Nuclear Power Plant PPA. The reduction of the capacity payments allows us to earn a return on and of rate base increases at both utilities while keeping retail consumer base rate stable. Our current forecast for weather normalized sales, and a comparison to 2013 weather normalized sales is illustrated Slide 4. Based on our sales-to-date and our forecasted sales for the rest of the year, we have increased our projected industrial and commercial sales at WPL and have left the projected IPL increase unchanged when compared to our 2014 sales forecast for first quarter call. Several industrial customers have expanded their operations or have increased their production to meet demand. Industrial segments experiencing electric sales growth due to plant or production expansions include chemicals, health services and manufacturing. For our residential sales at both IPL and WPL, we are now forecasting weather normalized sales growth of approximately 1% to 1.5% when compared to last year. IPL's tax benefit riders resulted in a $0.01 per share quarter-over-quarter variation in the second quarter of 2014 when compared to the second quarter of 2013. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2014 tax benefit riders are provided on Slide 5. The tax benefit riders are not expected to impact full-year 2014 results. The walk from the 2013 to the 2014 projected effective tax rates is provided on Slide 6. Please note that the 2014 effective tax rates include electric and gas bill credits of $97 million through IPL's tax benefit riders. We expect cash flows from operations to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We also benefit given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2016, nor do we expect to make any contributions to our qualified pension plans through at least 2016 since they were approximately 95% funded at the end of 2013. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our financing plan assumes the sale of our Minnesota distribution assets closes in 2014. The estimated gross sale proceeds of $130 million is expected to be used to reduce IPL's financing needs. The sale requires state and federal regulatory approvals. We filed for both the electric and gas sales with the MPUC earlier this year and are in dialog with the various stakeholders. These transactions also require IUB and FERC approvals. We plan to submit our filing to request IUB approval of the electric sale later this quarter. Our current financing plans anticipate issuing approximately $250 million of long-term debt at each utility in the latter half of 2014. We also plan to refinance the $250 million, 4% debt at the parent and the $60 million debt at the Franklin County Wind Farm later this year. We currently anticipate issuing approximately $150 million in aggregate of new common equity in 2015 and '16. We do not plan to issue any material new common equity this year. We may adjust our plans as deemed appropriate if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets for 2014, which are summarized on Slide 7. We filed IPL's Emission Plan and Budget in April. As you may recall, the Emission Plan and Budget is the regulatory evaluation process for major environmental projects in Iowa. The plan we filed is consistent with our current capital plan. In Minnesota, we filed the biennial 15-year Integrated Resource Plan for IPL. Included in the plan is the anticipated 10-year wholesale contract IPL will have with the Minnesota -- Southern Minnesota Energy Cooperative as a result of the proposed energy distribution sale in Minnesota. Further, it reveals a need for additional energy later this decade. We will continue to evaluate our options to meet our customers' future energy needs. In Wisconsin, we filed a certificate of authority to install an SCR at Columbia Energy Center's unit 2. WPL's portion of the capital expenditures for this project is estimated to be approximately $70 million. Also, we plan to file for the approval of the proposed generation investment at WPL early next year. On the third quarter call we plan on providing 2015 earnings guidance and updating our capital expenditure guidance and forecasted rate base. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting you throughout this year. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Andrew Weisel, Macquarie.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: My first question is on the usage trend, you sound incrementally more positive. Can you talk about the weather adjusted load growth in the quarter? Typically, you include that in the EPS bridge, but I didn't see anything about either weather or the weather-normalized trends.
Thomas L. Hanson: If you take a look at our earnings release, on the last page, we show some of the operating statistics for the quarter. Really, weather was basically comparable to the second quarter of 2013. So quarter-over-quarter, there's really no difference. The benefit that Pat referred to, really, was predominantly in the first quarter. And in terms of the sales forecast, as I did say, we are seeing some improvement in our industrial and commercial, and for all intents and purposes, residential is kind of still hovering at that 1% to 1.5% level.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Next question is on O&Ms. Last call, we talked about potentially accelerating some of that given how strong the winter was and that you had some flexibility both for the planned expenses in '14 and '15. How should we think about that now given that it sounds like July was not particularly good for you guys? Should we think of O&Ms going back toward what the original budget was before the year started, or have you already pulled forward some of the spending that would help 2015 earnings?
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure, Andrew. We did pull some of the O&Ms forward. However, we still have flexibility as the year unfolds. We still have August and September to get through, which are -- again, we're a third quarter company. But we still have flexibility to move the O&M around as warranted.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. So again, should I think about the full-year budget as of now looking similar to how it was when we entered the year and similar for next year's budget?
Thomas L. Hanson: Assume that the incremental O&M is in that probably about $7 million range of additional spending that was not originally intended in our forecast when we issued this last year.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great, that's very helpful. And then lastly, there's the comment about the WPL earnings deferral. What was the earned ROE at WPL you needed to take the deferral? And can you just remind how the process works, is that a one-time charge or could that reverse if the ROE falls in future quarters?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. It certainly is metrical. So as, certainly, sales and weather would move up and down, certainly, that would go commensurate with that. But we were above the 10.65% for the second quarter, and that's why we needed to then take the reserve for the fact that we're now in the first year where there's a sharing mechanism with customers at 50% for each of the 2 parties.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Russo, Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Sorry if I missed this earlier, but I got on the call just before the Q&A started. I'm just curious, the $0.11 negative driver for the retail electric customer billing credits at IPL, is that just a first -- second quarter or is that something we're going to see throughout the year?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, Brian, that has to do with the $70 million credit going back to customers this year, and IPL is part of the settlement. So you'll be seeing that each quarter this year.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. So roughly $0.11 each quarter or just relative to the seasonality of sales?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, seasonality because it's based on kilowatt hours.
Thomas L. Hanson: We did start this in May, Brian, and assume it's $70 million, then, for calendar year '14.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And, I assume you reaffirmed your 5% to 7% EPS CAGR?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes we did.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, just can you remind me what the normalized sales growth assumption is?
Thomas L. Hanson: We did talk about that, Brian. In terms of the commercial and industrial, we're continue to see an improvement in the economy. So we're looking at about a 2% increase at IPL in terms of industrial and commercial and at WPL, a little bit higher at 4%. And if you look at Slide 4, we typically share the comparison to last year, so hopefully, that's a slide that you're familiar with, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. And what about the residential?
Thomas L. Hanson: Residential, we're seeing about a 1% to 1.5% increase.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Levi, Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Sorry if we kind of go over some stuff that maybe was said. We've got a lot of different calls going on today. So anyway, just weather wise, I don't know if you covered this already. I know you talked about, there was $0.09 anticipated, at least for the third quarter that -- versus normal right, that's what you said?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. The impacts for the mild weather in July were estimating to be approximately a $0.09 drag. And that's just for July.
Andrew Levi: Just for July, okay. And...
Patricia L. Kampling: The first half of the year, we had a positive $0.14.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So right now, we're at probably about positive $0.05 versus normal, absent August.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes.
Andrew Levi: Got it. And then, just on the comment on the $150 million of equity, which has obviously been in your forecast, how would you characterize that now? Because I know, I don't know, maybe there was some thinking that maybe you weren't going to need all of it, and obviously, you're still not on that phase of exactly whether you do or don't, I would still guess, or you're definitely going to do the $150 million?
Thomas L. Hanson: Our plan does assume that we're moving forward with the $150 million, Andy.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So that's definite, there's no kind of flexibility there?
Thomas L. Hanson: Well, our plan assumes that.
Andrew Levi: Could that plan change, or should we just assume that, that's kind of locked in?
Thomas L. Hanson: We always reassess our needs. But what we're trying to do is at least, as a planning assumption, provide an indication that right now, we would anticipate issuing up to $150 million of equity.
Andrew Levi: So let me ask the question another way. I'm good at that. What would cause you not to need to issue that much equity if there is anything?
Thomas L. Hanson: Certainly, changing cash flows would be a significant contributor. Recognizing the reason we're issuing the equity is to maintain our target equity ratios at the 2 equal utilities. So again, that's the primary driver. So to the extent that we would see incremental earnings at the 2 utilities, additional cash flows, certainly, that would suggest that $150 million could be potentially reduced.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Does bonus depreciation or the extension of that have any bearing on it?
Thomas L. Hanson: Very little, because our NOL positions now would take us through 2016.
Andrew Levi: Got it, okay. So it sounds like it's pretty locked in.
Thomas L. Hanson: It's a planning assumption, Andy.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will available through August 14, 2014 at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor section of the company website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager, IR Pat Kampling – Chairman, President and CEO Tom Hanson – SVP and CFO Robert Durian – Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors
Presentation:
Operator: Welcome to the Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2014 earnings and reaffirming 2014 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued yesterday and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter certainly goes down as one of the most memorable for those of us within, in the middle of the Polar Vortex. I must thank our men and women, who tucked it out and go to work each and every day and never lost focus on providing exceptional customer service. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter earnings that we are discussing today are the highest in company history. Driven mostly by the reduction nuclear capacity payments and realizing increased electricity and gas sales from both economic growth in our service territory and the weather. Tom will provide more details on the financials, but in summary those three items alone increased earnings by $0.31 per share over the first quarter of last year. However, we do recognize that this winter was typical for some of our customers. Especially in dealing the entire utility bill. Earlier this year, we contributed $3 million to the Hometown Care Energy Fund to help our income eligible customers with their utility bills. We have also expanded our customer outreach efforts and are working with customers to help them other funds of the systems and payment plan options. On a positive note, we are trying to continue to improve in our service territory, unemployment rates are below the national average, with Iowa's rate now at 4.5% and Wisconsin's at 5.9% five year both for the State. Some of the trends we are experiencing include our modest increase of number of retail, electric and gas customers. Continued expansion by our industrial customers and a slight increase in the used per customers. This is certainly encouraging and we will continue to monitor sales and determine if the weather normalized sales growth experienced in the last quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of this year represent a sustainable growth trend. We have incorporated our first quarter weather normalized sales growth and chartered by 2014 sales forecast. We are now forecasting 1.7% in retail weather normalized, electric sales for challenging your 2014 over 2013. Now let me update you on our regulatory activities. We have made the regulatory filings proposing retail electric base rate freezes, through the end of 2016 in both Wisconsin, Iowa and have proposed low rate gas base rate in Wisconsin for 2015. For WPL electric customers, we've proposed that retail electric base rate, which was set in 2011 we may have their current levels through the end of 2016. We also requested that retail national gas customer base rate will reduce by $5 million in 2015 followed by a freeze on those rates through 2016. We are pleased that we are able to offer set of deductibles with a input from the Citizens Utility Board, Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and PSCW staff. The WPL's approval includes return off and on the significant investments made in our Michigan folks office, at Columbia and Edge Water as well as in industrial and electric and natural gas system. To recovery of these investments, is to be offset with changes in the amortization of the Energy Efficiency Regulatory Liability. We expect to have $64 million in the Electric and Gas Energy Efficiency Liability at the end of 2014 and we're hoping $17 million of it for 2015 and $32 million of it for 2016. We've also proposed the continuation of the 10.4% ROE, a common equity ratio of slightly above 50% and the ROE sharing mechanism established in the last rate case. The Commission has requested comments on the proposal by no later than Tuesday, May 20. We anticipate the PSCW will make a decision regarding our request in the second quarter of this year. The two monitoring level will be addressed outside of this proposal and mostly changed to be set annually. We expect to make a few only filing for 2015 in the next 90 days. In March, we're announcing unanimous retail, electric base rate settlements between IPO. The Office of Consumer Advocate, Iowa Consumer Coalition, and the Large Industrial Group to freeze retail electric base rates for Iowa customers through 2016. This settlements includes customer billing credits of $70 million for 2014, then $25 million for 2015 and a final credit of $10 million for 2016. We have agreements from all the parties in the IUB and again to credit customer bills as of yesterday. The credits are subject to a true up based on the IUB's final decision. We anticipate a decision on this proposed settlement on the second quarter of this year. If this settlement is approved, it will extend the retail electric base rate set in 2011, through the first quarter of 2017. The settlement allows for continuation of the Energy Adjustment Clause, the Transmission Rider and the Electric Tax Benefit Rider through 2016. The settlement are based, are maintained in the current authorize your term equity in common equity ratio and earning a return off and on the 2014, year in Iowa Retail base rates of approximately $3.1 billion. Rate base additions include investments in the emissions patrols, performance improvements at a Ottumwa, George Neal, Burlington and Prairie Creek as well as investments made in our distribution systems. Pending IUB's approval of this settlement is arguably but the next retail base rate case will be filed in the first half of 2017. The 2017 case will be a request to recover the cost associated with the Marshalltown Generating Station, which we anticipate with a place and service in the second quarter of 2017. Let me provide a quick update on our Marshalltown Generating Station. We've recently received the air permit and have filed all the permits with the IUB and our request for the Issuance of a Generating Certificate, which we anticipate by the end of May. The community is very excited about this project and we currently expect to be in construction in July. As a reminder, the IUB approved a return on common equity of 11% to the 35-year depreciable life of the facility and a use of 10.3% on common equities for the calculation of AFUDC. In order to establish $920 million cost cap, including AFUDC and transmission upgrade cost. Recently that the cost cap is sufficient to complete the project including the transmission upgrade that we anticipate ITC will self-fund. We expect that ITC will build IPL directly for the relevant climate, related to the Marshalltown transmission upgrade, once the line is in service and expecting the cost to go through the transmission rider. Now let me quickly brief you on a current emission control construction activities. This is year that the majority of our emission and coal projects will be completed. In Wisconsin, construction of the baghouse and scrubbers at Columbia units 1 and 2 is 98% complete on time and below the original budget. Units 2 equipment was placed in service last month and preliminary test results indicate that performance guarantee are being and achieved. We anticipated in service 6 for Columbia unit 1 is in July. Also construction has already started on scrubber and baghouse with an expected completion in 2016. The installation of baghouse and scrubber for our Ottumwa facility is on budget and anticipated to be placed in service in November 2014. In addition, MidAmerican is installing baghouses and scrubbers at Neal units 3 and 4. The Neal 4 project was placed in service at the end of 2013 and the Neal 3 project is expected to be placed in service, this month. In addition to the progress we are making on transforming our Tier 1 units. We are also making progress on preparing our Tier 2 units to be compliant with the utility mercury and air toxic standards by the April 2015 deadline. We are currently installing low-cost controls at our Prairie Creek and Burlington generating stations and are converting the ML Kapp generating station from coal to gas. Through year end 2013, we spent $20 million on these facilities and our 2014 to 2017 capital expenditure plan includes additional investments of approximately $35 million. We believe, we are well positioned to ensure a balance, flexible and environmental environmentally generating fleet that will serve our customers well into the future. Late last year, we noted planned capital expenditure, starting 2016 for additional generation of WP&L. our current forecast indicates, a need for capacity and energy in 2019 during by the plan retirement of three coal units and by sales growth. As part of our long-term planning resource efforts, WPL is investing a feasibility study of resource options. We plan to issue a request for proposal in the second quarter of this year to determine what available options exist in the region. Following analysis of the ARP results, we anticipate making the regulatory filing with the PSCW in late 2014. Our current capital expenditure plan includes a new 300 megawatt natural gas-fired combined cycle generating facility as a placeholder until we determine the desired resource. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We had a successful first quarter. We believe we are on track to deliver another solid year of earnings in 2014. We will continue to manage the company, striking the balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impacted customers. We have a plan that will continue to meet our 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We are making progress transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced, with lower emissions and that has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. At the same time, we are focused on economically leading energy capacity needs of our customers. We've continued to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive fair and timely outcomes. And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce, which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are discussing today. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We announced 2014 earnings last evening, with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0. 79 per share, these earnings are a $0.25 per share increase over non-GAAP earnings of $0.72 per share in the first quarter 2013. Our non-GAAP earnings adjustments in first quarter 2013 related to the preferred stock redemptions at both utilities. Comparisons between 2014 and 2013 first quarter earnings per share are detailed on Slides 2, 3 and 4. First quarter 2014 earnings were higher than first quarter 2013 primarily due to the estimated weather impact on electric and gas sales and lower capacity payments related to the expiration of purchase power contracts associated with the Duane Arnold Energy Center and the Kewaunee Nuclear Power Plant resulting in a cost reduction of approximately $32 million. Those expiring capacity payments will allow us to earn a return on and off rate base increases at both utilities of keeping retail electric customer base rate stable. We experienced weather normalized sales growth in the first quarter 2014. Forecasted retail sales trends between weather normalized 2014 and 2013 are illustrated on Slide 5. Weather normalized sales grew as result of an increase in number of customers, use per customer and we believed customers utilized space heater, due to coping cost increases in shortages. In addition, several industry customers expanded their operations which increased weather normalized sales at both utilizes. Industrial segment experiencing electric sales growth due to planned or production expansion include chemical, health services and manufacturing. In November, we issued our consolidated 2014 earnings guidance of $3.25 to $3.55 earnings per share. The 2014 guidance assumes normal weather and modest sales growth. Due to the strong first quarter earnings resulting from the higher than expected sales, we currently anticipate full year 2014 earnings will be toward the top end of our range. Third quarter results are significant driver of our full year earnings and in light of the first quarter results, we now have flexibility to accelerate operations and maintenance projects that were scheduled for later periods. For these reasons, we are changing guidance at this time. IPL's tax benefit rides resulted in a $0.01 per share quarter-over-quarter variation in the first quarter 2014, when comparing to the first quarter 2013. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact of 2014 tax benefit riders are provided on Slide 6. The tax benefit riders are not expected to impact full year 2014 results. The walk from the 2013 to the 2014 projected affected tax rates are provided on Slide 7. Please note that the 2014 effective tax rates include electric and gas bill credit of $97 million through IPL tax benefit riders. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong. Given the earnings generated by the business. We also expected benefit given, we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2016 nor do we expect to make any contributions to our qualified pension plans over the next two years, since they were approximately 95% funded at the end of 2013. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our financing plan assumes that the sale of our Minnesota distribution assets closes in 2014. The estimated growth sales proceeds of approximately $130 million are expected to be used to reduce IPL's financing needs. The sale requires State and Federal Regulatory approvals. We filed for the approval of both the electric and gas sale with the MPUC earlier this year. These transactions will also require IUB and FERC approvals. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at both utilities in the latter half of 2014. We also plan on refinancing the $250 million 4% debt at the parent and the $60 million at the Franklin County Wind Farm. We currently anticipate issuing approximately $150 million in aggregate of new common equity in 2015 and 2016. We do not plan to issue any material new common equity this year. We may adjust plans as deemed appropriate, if market conditions warrant and as our equity needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets for 2014, which are summarized on Slide 8. We will wait the decision on both the IPL unanimous proposal settlement through 2016 and the WPL retail proposal for calendar year 2015 and 2016. We file IPL's Emission Plan and Budget in April. As you may recall the Emission Plan and Budget is the regulatory evaluation process for major environmental projects in Iowa. The plan we filed, is consistent with our current capital expenditure plan. In Minnesota, we recently filed the Bi-annual 15-year integrated resource plan for IPL. Included in the plan is the anticipated 10-year whole contract IPL will have Southern Minnesota Electric co-op as a result of the proposed electric distribution sales in Minnesota. Further, [indiscernible] a need for additional energy later this decade. We will continue to evaluate our options to meet these future energy needs. In Wisconsin, we plan to request in the second quarter, 2014 a certificate of authority to install an SCR at Columbia Energy Center's unit 2, as well as a filing for the proposed generation investment at WPL in the fourth quarter, 2014. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you throughout this year. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: My first question is, after the rate settlement in both states, what is – is there any impact to the rate base outlook? You haven't confirmed them in the slide but are there any big or small changes to the growth outlook.
Pat Kampling: No, Andrew the slides were provided in IR deck are still the latest.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay and that's consistent with the settlements?
Pat Kampling: Yes, it is absolutely yes.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Then next question is, if I heard you right Tom I think you said that you're going to accelerate some O&M. thanks to the strong winter, is that stuff mostly from the next few quarters or is it more structural program that might have a long-term impact?
Tom Hanson: Well, first of all we certainly have flexibility in terms of looking at the expenditures. Some of those could be expenses that we were originally planning for next year could be pulled into this year.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay, great and then my last question. I think your commentary on the equity need was unchanged. Is there any opportunity that if, the rest of the year has normal weather and you're able to sort of keep the benefit from the strong first quarter, any chance to postpone that or is that sort of independent of the near-term trends?
Tom Hanson: Certainly, we will continue to evaluate that the exit that we are forecasting is more driven because of the incremental CapEx but certainly with the level, we will have stronger cash flows. So that will be so the input as we continue to assess the equity needs.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc: I'm sorry, if I missed this earlier but could you just elaborate on the weather normalized sales growth forecast that we should be using for 2014 and beyond?
Tom Hanson: Yes, Pat said right now we're targeting approximately 1.7% in both jurisdictions recognizing that we did have a strong fourth quarter and strong first quarter, but we want to be careful that there were few events in both of those quarters that might suggest that sustainable maybe not be at those two levels. So certainly, we are very pleased with the growth recognizing that we are seeing this across all sectors in both states, but until we really have more insights with second quarter. We will continue to certainly focus on the sales, but as Pat and I highlighted in the script. We are seeing additional customers as well as additional usage and with the industrial sector expansion as well as list additional needs. We are certainly encouraged by that.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc: Okay, great and can you comment maybe on the O&M expense trends that you're seeing to kind of put prospective with your sales growth?
Tom Hanson: If you can go back and look at our O&M, it's been fairly flat, we have been able to manage that with one exception you'll note that with the energy conservation in Wisconsin that does fluctuate a little bit, so you'll see that moving but in terms of as we look on a going forward basis. You should expect kind of similar profile of O&M from what we've seen in the past. So what we are looking at in terms of potential bringing into 2014 would be nothing that I would characterize is being as unusual.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc: Okay and then lastly could you just comment on the $0.03 positive impact on the optimization of gas capacity contracts at IPL?
Tom Hanson: Sure, first of all we've had this program in place for many, many years. if I say, we – it's the other utilities in Iowa, as well it allows us to optimize our gas utility assets and just given the significant in terms of market volatility and the opportunities presented to us. We were able to capture additional benefits in the first quarter of 2014 and in fact that represents about almost twice of what we captured calendar last year. So it was $0.03, the other thing it's important. This is also an opportunity to continue to help our gas customers and they get the benefit of this program as well.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc: Okay and one more question, at the high end of your guidance. Do you break through any of your sharing bands or now?
Tom Hanson: Well, we'll be close but recognizing as you know Brian third quarter is the big quarter for us. So until we get to that level, it's probably premature but certainly our forecast assuming weather normal, would suggest that we are close to the top end.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: So, just generally on your rate proposal or your settlements. Do you expect that you'll be able to earn the allowed returns under each of these?
Pat Kampling: Yes, absolutely Steve again that's assuming the rate base assumption, I'm giving you in the IR deck.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay and is there something that would indicate that those rate base assumptions are going to change?
Pat Kampling: Not materially in the two-year capital expenditure profile that we re-provided. These are well-known projects with pre-approvals so that should remain basically within those ranges.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: And then I believe in Wisconsin the equity ratio is higher than it had been in this current proposal, is that correct?
Pat Kampling: Just slightly, though.
Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research: Okay, so that doesn't really change your kind of overall plan, in terms of putting more equity in there in terms of your financing plan?
Pat Kampling: No, it doesn't change.
Operator: We will go next to Andrew Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Just a couple of questions, first; can we just go a little bit more in detail over the Iowa settlement relative to Duane Arnold and kind of have the numbers, kind of work as far as the capacity savings?
Pat Kampling: Sure, I mean Susan can give you more details with you, on this if you like but the real takeaway for this settlement is that, we are giving customer credits back over the next job of years. When the customer credits decline and that's what's helping us achieve the increase in returning on our rate base because the rate base is going up? So keep in mind, the 2014 the customer billing credit is $70 million. [Duane] $25 million in 2015 and [indiscernible] $10 million in 2016.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: So, they're the basically – they're replacing what would be rate increases without obviously effecting the customer but benefitting the bottom line, is that currently how you look at it?
Pat Kampling: The base rate is getting frozen and the credits are going through the fuel clog.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: That's great, then I guess as I kind of work through the numbers. Well actually let me just step back, so as you look at 2014 you're saying you're at the top of the range. Obviously there was weather included in that but at the same time. You're accelerating O&M from 2015, so I guess absent even the weather there was a good chance. You were going to be at top end of the range, based on what you're seeing thus far again assuming normal weather. Is that a fair statement?
Pat Kampling: Andy, just to be clear. You know with the weather that we saw in the first quarter. It's definitely pushing us through the top end of the range and Tom's statement is that we actually have flexibility to move some O&M projects from future years. If necessary depending on how the rest of the year plays out.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Okay, but I guess what I'm saying, if you assume normal weather and you're going to move the O&M already and there was what $0.12 of weather I think, I'm not mistaken, there's normal. You probably would have been at the top end of your range, regardless?
Pat Kampling: Yes, it was a very large impact in the first quarter on weather.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: And again, I know you don't have and giving guidance for 2015 or 2016 and that's going to come towards the end of this year as you always do, but seems to me looking at kind of consensus estimate for 2015, 2016 they're probably about $0.10 to low. So the question I have is, if you end up coming in at the top end of your range. It's kind of normal earnings, not caused by weather of course would that be kind of the base that we would grow off of?
Pat Kampling: You know, I think we'll have to wait till the end of the year to make that decision. Right now, we are looking at whether normalized from last year as our base. This year has started out to be little unusual and we'll just have to evaluate that as we go throughout the year.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Okay and then another question, I have is if bonus depreciation works ended at the end of the year. How would that affect your need to issue equity?
Tom Hanson: As I said, currently we are not forecasting to be a federal taxpayer until the first quarter, 2016. So obviously we have some impact and as I said at the equity needs are for calendar year 2015, 2016.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Right, but if bonus depreciation was extended. I would assume that your construction program would benefit from that and I guess the question is, would it possibly lessen the amount of equity that will need to be issued in 2015 and 2016.
Tom Hanson: Well certainly it will be a key consideration, as we continue to analyze the need. So rest assured that, if the extenders get approved that you will be analyzing the impact of the equity needs.
Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Okay, I mean I guess you guys are going to be at this comp so I can go over some now, longer term numbers with you, but it seems to me that the earnings [indiscernible], the company and again you're going to get these settlements kind of done and sealed. But it seems that are there are these other companies probably lot greater than the people, who are forecasting right now, but I guess they'll be patient and wait for the year and kind of finish out first.
Tom Hanson: Thank you.
Pat Kampling: Appreciate that. Thank you, Andy.
Operator: And Ms. Gille there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 9, 2014, at (888) 203-1112(888) 203-1112 for US and Canada or (719) 457-0820(719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to call me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille - Manager, Investor Relations Patricia Kampling - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Hanson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert Durian - Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Mike Bates - Wunderlich Securities Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Ashar Khan - Visium Andy Bischof - Morningstar Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to the Alliant Energy's calendar year 2013 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's fourth quarter and calendar year 2013 earnings, affirming 2014 earnings guidance and updating 2014 through 2017 capital expenditure guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks Sue. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that for 2013, we were successful in managing our company in accordance with our operating plan. Our large construction projects continue to be on time and at or below budget. We remain focused on our mission to deliver energy safely and reliably, while maintaining constructive regulatory frameworks and competitive rates for customers. I am extremely grateful to the men and women that made sure our operations met customer needs during the hot summer and unusually cold winter, and most importantly they worked safely and looked out for one another. From 2010 to 2013 we delivered approximately 6% annualized earning growth based on our non-GAAP weather normalized earnings. Our 2014 earnings guidance continues to meet our five-year annualized growth objective of 5% to 7%, starting from 2013's non-GAAP weather-normalized earnings of $3.14. Please keep in mind that the projected increase in this year's guidance included no change in customer's base rates, since the expiring fixed capacity payments at both utilities will offset rate impacts from rate base additions. Slide 2 provides the comparison to our historic non-GAAP weather-normalized earnings and the 2014 earnings guidance midpoint. This year WPL is in the last year of its base rate freeze. As we review our forecast, we expect minimal impact to customer base rates for the 2015, 2016 test year case, as we believe we may be able to offset the modest revenue requirement increase by utilizing the remaining balance in the energy conservation regulatory liability. We have already begun conversations with commission staff and will engage other parties, just as we did in the 2013, 2014 test year. If an agreement can be reached, WPL will expect to file an abbreviated request for commission approval in the spring, and then file a 2015 fuel-only case in the third quarter. If agreement cannot be reached, WPL will file a full rate case in late March for the test years 2015 and 2016. Our 2014 focus in Iowa will be driven by the expiration of our three-year Iowa Retail Electric base rate freeze, implementation of the 2013 DAEC PPA order as well as continuation of our generating fleet transition. As ordered in last year's DAEC nuclear PPA approval, all of the costs of the new PPA agreement began flowing through the Energy Adjustment Clause this month. We agreed to work with interveners to reach a settlement or file a rate case, without requesting interim rates in the first quarter of 2014. This was intended to alleviate concerns that interveners raised about the perceived double recovery of the $135 million of capacity payments that were included in the 2009 test year base rates, as well as reflecting IPL's other revenue requirement changes since the last rate case. We continue working with various stakeholders on a possible settlement, which would provide multiyear electric base rate certainty for our customers. But, if a unanimous settlement is not reached with all the parties by the end of the first quarter, we will file a 2013 test year retail electric base rate case at the end of March. The 2013 test year retail electric base rate case would eliminate the revenue requirement for DAEC capacity costs and include known and measurable adjustments through 2014, including the revenue requirement for the recovery of and return on the net increase in rate base of approximately $750 million at yearend 2014. Other revenue requirement adjustments would include changes in depreciable lives of assets, capital structure, operating expenses and the requested return on equity including no application of double leverage. We also expect to request continuation of the transmission rider and Energy Adjustment Clause as well as request inclusion of Production Tax Credits and chemical costs in the Energy Adjustment Clause. If the revenue requirement approved by the IUB in the 2013 test year case is lower than the current base rate, then a refund would be required and would be calculated starting in February 2014, which is when the original DAEC contract expired. And of course, we will continue to work with intervening parties to attempt to reach a settlement on all or part of the case throughout the rate case process. Depending on the outcome of this rate case, there would also be a need for additional rate cases before 2017, when the Marshalltown Generating Station is expected to be placed in service. Now, let me provide a quick update on the Marshalltown Generating Station. The ratemaking principles order approved a return on common equity of 11% for the 35-year depreciable life of the facility, and the use of 10.3% on common equity for the calculation of AFUDC. The order also established a $920 million cost cap, including AFUDC and transmission upgrade costs. Although we anticipate ITC will be self-funding the transmission upgrade, the transmission costs are included in the overall cost cap of the project, and we will continue to work with ITC in managing the project. We expect ITC to bill IPL directly for the revenue requirement related to the Marshalltown transmission line, once the line is in service and expect these costs to flow through the transmission rider. Construction of the Marshalltown Generating Station is expected to begin in the second quarter of this year, and we believe that cost cap is sufficient to complete the project. Now, let me quickly brief you on our current emission control construction activities. 2014 is a big year for emission control projects at Alliant Energy. The installation of the baghouse and scrubber at our Ottumwa facility is on budget, construction is approximately 80% complete with an in-service planned for late 2014. In addition, MidAmerican is installing baghouses and scrubbers at Neal units 3 and 4. The Neal 4 project was placed in service at the end of 2013 and the Neal 3 project is expected to be placed in service in the second quarter of 2014. In Wisconsin, construction of baghouses and scrubbers at Columbia units 1 and 2 is progressing well and is over 90% complete. This project is expected to be under budget and in service in the first half of this year. The 2014 in-service was factored into the WPL rate case settlement for 2014. In addition to the progress we are making on transforming our Tier 1 units, we are also making progress in preparing our Tier 2 units to be compliant with the utility mercury and air toxic standards by the April 2015 deadline. We are currently installing low-cost controls at our Prairie Creek and Burlington generating stations and are converting the ML Kapp generating station from coal to gas. Our 2014 to 2017 capital expenditure plan includes investments of up to $40 million for the Tier 2 units. Through yearend 2013, we have spent $20 million on these facilities for coal-to-gas conversion and low-cost emission controls. We believe we are well-positioned to ensure a balanced, flexible and environmentally compliant generating fleet that will serve our customers well. We also provided an updated capital expenditure plan this morning. The only change to the plan is the removal of $190 million of transmission network upgrades in 2014 to 2016, since ITC has informed us, they expect to self-fund the transmission work related to IPL's Marshalltown Generating Station and WPL's Bent Tree wind facility. During our third quarter call, we noted a planned capital expenditures starting in 2016 for the additional generation at WP&L. Our current forecast indicates a need for a resource in 2019, driven by growth in sales, the need for capacity and energy and the planned retirement of three coal units in Wisconsin over the next few years. As part of our long-term planning resource efforts, WPL is conducting a feasibility study of resource options. We plan to issue a request for proposal in the second quarter of this year to determine what available options might be in the region and anticipate the regulatory filing with the PSCW to be made in late '14 or early '15. Our current capital expenditure plan includes a new 300 megawatt natural gas-fired combined cycle generating facility as a placeholder until we determine the desired resource. I would now like to update you on some positive economic developments in our service territory. The economy continues to improve for both Iowa and Wisconsin. Unemployment rates are below the national average, with Iowa's rate now at 4.2% and Wisconsin's rate now at 6.2%. And our customer counts are increasing modestly, industrial customers are expanding and we're seeing a slight increase in use per customer. As a result, we experienced a nice increase in residential weather-normalized sales in 2013 and we look forward to further growth in 2014 based on these trends. So now let me summarize the key messages for today. We performed well in 2013 and we are forecasting another solid year in 2014, as we reaffirm our guidance today. We will continue to manage the company striking a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. We have a plan that will continue to meet our 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We are making progress transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced, with lower emissions and that has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations while economically meeting the energy and capacity needs of our customers. We've continued to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive fair and timely outcomes. And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce, which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are discussing today. And I must add that like many of you on the call we are so looking forward to the arrival of warmer weather. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hanson: Thank you, Pat. Good morning, everyone. We announced 2013 yearend earnings this morning, with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $3.29 per share. Our two non-GAAP earnings adjustments in 2013 related to the preferred stock redemptions at IPL and WPL in early 2013, and the December 2013 Minnesota Public Utility Commission order allowing for the recovery of IPL's Whispering Willow - East wind project, which was higher than we initially estimated in 2011. Comparisons between 2012 and 2013 earnings per share are detailed on Slides 3, 4 and 5. 2013 earnings were higher than 2012, primarily due to lower Riverside Energy Center purchased power capacity costs, higher tax benefits related to IPL's revenue requirement adjustment, increased weather-normalized electric and gas sales, and lower energy conservation expenses. These positive EPS drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation and transmission expense, and higher generation and distribution O&M expenses. Higher than expected weather-normalized retail sales, and the IPL tax benefits, enabled us to increase generation and distribution O&M expenses in 2013 to further enhance the reliability of our system. We experienced weather-normalized sales growth in 2013. Retail sales trends between 2012 and 2013 are illustrated on Slide 6. For the first time in three years, weather-normalized residential retail sales grew. In addition, several industrial customers expanded their operations, which increased weather-normalized sales at both IPL and WPL. The agriculture and food processing-related segment provided the most growth in Wisconsin due to the excellent condition for crops, and the wet, but high-yielding, harvest last fall. Other industrial segments experiencing electric sales growth in our territory included health services and chemicals. The walk from the 2012 to the 2013 effective tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC is provided on Slide 7. More renewable energy was produced and as a result we earned higher PTC's in 2013 when compared to 2012 due to the completion of the transmission upgrades at both our Whispering Willow and Bent Tree wind facilities, which allowed for greater output. In November, we issued our consolidated 2014 EPS guidance range of $3.25 to $3.55. A walk from the 2013 actuals to the 2014 estimated guidance range midpoint is shown on Slide 8. The 2014 guidance assumes normal weather and modest electric sales changes as profiled on Slide 9. Due to our assumption of normal weather, we do not expect the same level of ag-related sales in 2014 for Wisconsin as we experienced in 2013. In Iowa, a couple of industrial customers expanded their operations late in 2013, thus we anticipate experiencing a full year's impact of those expansions in 2014. The 2014 guidance is based upon the impacts of WP&L's previously announced electric and gas retail rate freezes and the assumptions about IPL's expected Iowa retail electric base rate case outcome. In 2012, WPL reached settlement with the parties and froze base rates for 2013 and 2014. The WPL rate freeze reflected electric rate base growth as a result of the Columbia scrubber and baghouse projects coming online this year, as well as other rate base additions. The increase in the electric revenue requirement for 2014 was offset by the net impact of the lower purchased power capacity costs from the Kewaunee PPA, which expired at the end of 2013 and higher conservation expense resulting in no change to WP&L's electric base rates for this year. For IPL, retail electric base rates are not expected to change in 2014. We will share additional details of our test year 2013 rate case at the end of March when we expect to file. Slide 10 provides guidance regarding effective tax rates given the changes expected in 2014. Please note that the 2014 effective tax rate includes the approved 2014 electric and gas bill credits of $97 million through IPL's tax benefit riders. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong given the earnings generated by the business. We will also benefit, given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2016 nor do we expect to make any contributions to our qualified pension plans over the next two years, since they were approximately 95% funded at the end of 2013. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our financing plan assumes that the sale of our Minnesota distribution assets closes in 2014. The estimated sales proceeds of approximately $128 million are expected to be used to reduce IPL's financing needs. The sale requires state and federal regulatory approvals. We filed for the approval of the gas sale with the MPUC earlier this year, and expect to file with the MPUC for the approval of the electric sale in the next 60 days. This transaction will also require IUB and FERC approvals. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing up to $300 million of long-term debt at both IPL and WP&L in the latter half of 2014. We currently anticipate issuing approximately $150 million in aggregate of new common equity in 2015 and 2016. We do not currently plan to issue any material new common equity in 2014. We may adjust plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and our equity needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets for 2014, which are summarized on Slide 11. In addition to the anticipated rate case filings for both WP&L and IPL, we plan to file IPL's Emission Plan and Budget in April. As you may recall the Emission Plan and Budget is the regulatory evaluation process for major environmental projects in Iowa. The plan we are filing is consistent with our current capital expenditure plan provided in our earnings release issued this morning. In Wisconsin, we plan to request a certificate of authority to install an SCR at Columbia Energy Center's unit 2, as well as a filing for the proposed generation investment at WPL. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you throughout the year. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Mike Bates with Wunderlich Securities.
Mike Bates - Wunderlich Securities: Can you talk us through some of the puts and takes in your rate base assumptions down at IP&L, given the removal of transmission for Marshalltown?
Thomas Hanson: The rate base that we have issued out there, Mike, really remains in basically the same estimates with one assumption, the Marshalltown transmission project we assumed would go in service in 2016. So assume that approximately $100 million would come out of that rate base forecast in 2016. Again, that's assuming that ITC is going to fund the Marshalltown transmission project. So that's the only adjustment we would expect because of that.
Mike Bates - Wunderlich Securities: And why is it that the CapEx assumption is $190 million lower, but the rate base assumption is only $100 million lower. What's the delta there?
Thomas Hanson: Well, what we're showing in 2013 is the 13-month average. And then also keep in mind, a portion of the $190 million that we're taking out is relating to Bent Tree as well. The largest portion is related to Marshalltown, but a portion of that relates to Wisconsin here with the Bent Tree project.
Mike Bates - Wunderlich Securities: And also if you could offer us some additional color around your demand expectations for 2014, you mentioned a couple of significant industrial customers expanded in 2013. Are you able to disclose who those customers are and where do you see the greatest likelihood of potential upside from your current demand forecast?
Thomas Hanson: First with respect to identification of the customers, I think in fairness, it's inappropriate that we would mention specific names. But as we've stated, we are seeing increase in actual customer count. We are also seeing additional residential usage, unlike the historical pattern. And as we mentioned, we do have a number of industrial customers in both the IPL and WP&L service territory that either have completed their expansions or provided us indication that those expansions are occurring and that's what's really giving them rise to the sales increases that we portrayed on Slide 9.
Mike Bates - Wunderlich Securities: And my last question is can you walk us through some of your assumptions in terms of O&M as we look into 2014? Do you have some significant plans, outages or anything like that that is assumed in your guidance at this point?
Thomas Hanson: Well, the biggest change would be with respect to the energy conservation expense here in Wisconsin. And keep in mind that tends to be one of the items that we've seen some adjustments occurring in light of the rate freeze that we have in 2013 and 2014. So that's the single largest item. But also we're seeing lower pension expense as we have talked about on our third quarter call because of the change in discount rate that we experienced at yearend. Other than that I would say there is nothing extraordinary in terms of the change from 2013 to 2014.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Just a clarification. The proceeds of $128 million from the Minnesota asset sale, is that net or is that gross proceeds minus some sort of tax?
Thomas Hanson: That's a gross, Brian.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: It's a gross number?
Thomas Hanson: Yes.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Do you have any idea what the net number would be?
Thomas Hanson: Well, given the fact, we're not going to be a federal taxpayer for several years. For planning purposes, I guess you could use a statutory rate of 40%.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: And if I heard you correctly, your equity needs have been revised to $150 million from $250 million?
Thomas Hanson: That is correct. And that reflects the removal of the transmission CapEx of $190 million.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: And then, I apologize, Pat, but I missed your commentary earlier on the Wisconsin regulatory strategy. Could you just reiterate real quickly what you said earlier, what the plan is there?
Patricia Kampling: Sure. No problem, Brian. This is our year to file the two-year rate case, so that would be years '15 and '16. We still have our additional funds left in the escrow account that we have been utilizing over the last couple of years. So we're hoping we can reach a settlement because the customer rate impacts won't be large, if we use the account. So we are hoping to reach a settlement, and we'll know that over the next couple of months. And if we don't reach a settlement, it would be like the settlement like we had last time, very simplified settlement that we will ask the Commission to approve and then file a fuel case later in the year. If we don't reach a settlement, we'll be filing the full two-year rate case at the end of March.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: My question has been answered. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan - Visium: If I heard correctly, you said by the end of March, we will know whether we have to -- either we will be filing a case or there will be a settlement. Is there a date specific or by which this outcome has to be known?
Patricia Kampling: Are you talking about in Iowa?
Ashar Khan - Visium: Yes, correct.
Patricia Kampling: No. There is no date specific. That's just the plan that we've been talking about. And we're continuing discussions ongoing with all the parties to see if we can still reach a settlement, but if we can't reach a settlement, we'll have to file a case.
Ashar Khan - Visium: And any kind of color you can provide on those talks to present? 
Patricia Kampling: What I can honestly tell you is that the discussions have been very good and very constructive. Right now there is just not full alignment on what the settlement would look like. So we'll still have to continue with discussions with all the parties, but if there is not full alignment on what a settlement should look like then we'll be filing the case.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andy Bischof with Morningstar Equity Research.
Andy Bischof - Morningstar Equity Research: For the WPL generation investment, I know it's just a placed cover, but is that $300 million for the '16, '17, the total expectation for the 300 megawatt plant or are there expected costs in 2018 as well?
Thomas Hanson: Yes, there will be some costs that spillover into '18 as well.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through March 4, 2014, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor's section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille Patricia L. Kampling - Chairperson of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairperson of Capital Approval Committee and Chairperson of Executive Committee Thomas L. Hanson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Steven Gambuzza Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we'll have time to take questions from the Investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter 2013 earnings guidance, updating 2013 earnings guidance and providing 2013 through 2017 capital expenditure guidance. We also issued 2014 earnings guidance and common stock dividend target. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor Page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. With Veteran's Day just a few days away, I'd like to take a moment and pay tribute to the approximately 400 proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy, to those veterans that are on call with us today. We thank you for your service to our country, and for protecting our freedom. This morning, we issued a press release that provided third quarter results, and increased our 2013 earnings guidance. We also provided earnings guidance and our targeted common stock dividend levels for 2014. As finally, we updated our capital expenditure plans through 2017. Tom will provide more details on all the financial updates, but in summary, I am pleased to let you know that for 2013 we’ve been successful at managing our company in accordance with our operating plan. The $0.13 increase in the midpoint of our annual guidance was primarily driven by $0.11 of positive weather impacts through the third quarter. Now looking at next year, the midpoint of our guidance for 2014 is $3.40 per share, 9% higher than a projected weather normalized 2013 guidance of $3.12 per share. This earnings increase comes from increased margins, created by our ability to use expiring fixed capacity payments at both utilities to offset rate impacts from rate-based additions. Our long-term earnings growth objective continues to be 5% to 7% based on 2012 weather normalized earnings and 2014's guidance is slightly above that range at 7.7%. Supplemental Slide 2 provides the comparison to our 2012 weather normalized earnings base year, current midpoint of our 2013 estimated weather normalized earnings, and the 2014 earnings guidance midpoint. We also announced this morning, a targeted 2014 common dividend level of $2.04 per share, which represents an 8.5% increase from our current annual dividend of $1.88 per share. The dividend target is consistent, with our long-term targeted dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70% of consolidated earnings. As we look at 2014, WPL will be in the last year of the approved rate freeze. They are currently analyzing our options for 2015, '16 test year and expect to work with other parties, as we did with 2013, 2014 test years. Several key regulatory metrics will be addressed at IPL in 2014, including the treatment of the capacity payments related to the current DAEC PPA, the expiration of our 3-year Iowa Retail Electric base rate freeze, earning a return on a significant amount of capital we have deployed since 2009, extension of the transmission rider, and the determination of the timing of the electric tax benefit rate of funds to be credited to customers in future years. Also critical, is the approval and sort of construction of the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station. As part of the DAEC PPA approval, all the costs of the new agreement will flow through the energy adjustment clause and it will be effective in February 2014. In addition, we agreed to file a rate case without interim rates or reach a settlement with intervenors in early 2014. This agreement was meant to alleviate concerns that intervenors raised about the proceeds double recovery of the $135 million of capacity payments that were included in the 2009 test year base rates. As we play for 2014, we are prepared to file an Iowa Electric base rate case in early March, based on a 2013 test year, and will include known and natural adjustments through 2014. This case will eliminate the revenue requirement for DAEC capacity costs, but would include the revenue requirements for the recovery of a return on the rate-based additions of approximately $500 million, as well as other changes in revenue requirements since our last base rate case test year of 2009. If the revenue requirement approved the 2013 test year case, is lower than current rates, than a refund would be required and will be calculated starting on February 22, 2014, which is when the existing DAEC contract expires. Depending on the outcome of this case, there could also be a need for additional rate cases before 2017 when the Marshalltown Generating Station is placed in service. Although we are prepared to file a rate case, we will continue to work with various stakeholders on a settlement, which will provide multi-year electric base rate certainty for our customers. Let me provide a quick update on our proposed Marshalltown Generating Station. Prior to the IUB hearing, IPL and the OCA reached a settlement agreement on the dockets that included a $700 million cost cap excluding AFUDC in transmission costs, a return on common equity of 11% for the depreciable life of the facility, and the use of a 10.3% return on common equity for calculation of AFUDC. At the May IUB hearing, only Chair Libby Jacobs was in attendance. 2 new board members, Nick Wagner and Sheila Tipton have now been appointed, but they were not in their roles at the time of the hearing. Because of this unusual circumstance, Chair Jacobs will issue a proposed decision and order, which would become final -- which would become the final order unless the full board or another party appeals the decision within 15 days after issuance. If there is an appeal, IPL and other parties will then have 14 days to respond. Following these steps, the IUB can set up a particular schedule to address the appeals or it can enter an order. In addition to the IUB's decision to grant a certificate for the construction, an air permit must be received from the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, and the IUB must approve the construction of a natural gas pipeline for the facility. These filings have been made and are now proceeding on schedule. I'm pleased to report that last month, we received the oral decisions for the IUB approving our energy efficiency plan for 2014 through 2018, which is consistent with both our initial filings and the partial settlement we reached with the parties. The plan calls for approximately $400 million to be spent over the next 5 years, and such expenditures will continue to flow through IPL's Energy Efficiency Cost Recovery Rider. We expect a written order from this proceeding by the end of this year. Both IPL and WPL have a long history of promoting and supporting energy efficiency, and our customers benefited from these programs for decades. I'm extremely proud of the achievements we have made, and continue to make in transitioning the environmental profile of our fossil generating fleet. Recently, the Edgewater 5 SCR project was named for fast global energy award finalist in a premier project engineering category. Edgewater 5 SCR, which was completed at the end of 2012 was designed to exceed the required nitrogen oxide emission reductions, while sustaining its operational flexibilities. The 380-megawatt nameplate Edgewater Unit 5 has one of the widest operating ranges of any generating unit in the industry, that the capability to operate from 13% to 100% of capacity. This is a well-deserved recognition and I applaud and thank the Alliant Energy employees and contractors that contributed to the success of this project. Now, let me quickly brief you on our current emission control construction activities. We currently have over 1,000 contract workers on our properties assisting with these important projects. The construction of the scrubber and baghouse at Ottumwa facility is approximately 70% complete and on budget and is expected to be in service in 2014. In addition, the mid-American is currently installing baghouses and scrubbers at Neal Units 3 & 4. The Neal 4 project is 95% complete and will be placed in service shift this year. The Neal 3 project is approximately 80% complete, and will be placed in service in the second quarter of 2014. It was constant construction of the baghouses and scrubbers at Columbia's 1 & 2 is progressing well and is approximately 90% complete. This project is expected to be in service in the first half of 2014 and was factored into WPL Electric rate case settlement for 2014. Since the project at Ottumwa, Columbia and Neal began construction prior to 2014, and will be placed in service in 2014, they all will qualify for 50% bonus depreciation, that was extended by the American Taxpayer Relief Act earlier this year. The additional tax deductions from these projects of approximately $250 million will assist us in reducing rate base and thereby lowering costs for our customers. The construction authorization from the PSCW for a scrubber and baghouse and Edgewater Unit 5 included a cost estimate of $410 million. We now expect this project to cost approximately $300 million, as a result of the successful execution of our competitive bidding process, contract negotiations, and favorable market conditions. The construction is still expected to begin in 2014 and be completed in 2016. We have reflected these lower capital expenditures and our updated capital expenditure guidance. In addition to the progress we are making on transforming our Tier 1 units, we're also making progress in preparing our Tier 2 plants to be compliant with the utility, mercury and air toxic standard or U MACT by the April 2015 deadline. We are currently installing low cost controllers at our Prairie Creek and Burlington generating stations, and we continue to evaluate our other Tier unit options to comply with the rules. From an environmental perspective, we are fortunate that all of our coal facilities are in Powder River Basin coal, which is not only economical, but also makes environmental compliance less costly. We are well-positioned to ensure a balanced, flexible and environmentally compliant generating fleet, that will serve our customers well. We provided an updated capital expenditure plan this morning, which is provided on supplemental slide 3. The walks on a previous to current capital expenditure guidance is provided on supplemental slide 4. Tom will provide additional details regarding these changes in a few minutes. The primary drivers for the capital expenditure changes are updated cost estimates for the environmental projects and the timing of the spend at Marshalltown Generating Station, and the transmission network upgrades that will now be our responsibility based on FERC's July 2013 decision on attachment FF, as supposed to collection through future transmission billings from ITC Midwest. We are providing guidance based on these current rules and regulations, although FERC's decision on attachment FF matter has been appealed. The transmission network upgrades shown on our capital expenditure guidance relate to IPL's proposed Marshalltown Generating Station, and WPL's Bent Tree Wind project, which together are currently estimated at $195 million excluding AFUDC. Another addition to our 5-year capital expenditure plan is the potential new resource for WP&L. As a part of our long-term resource planning efforts, WPL is conducting a feasibility study of resource options to address future customer needs. We believe that a new resource will be needed in 2019 with the previously disclosed retirement of at least 3 units and with constant over the next few years. Several options under consideration, range from conversion of an existing simple cycle facility to a newly built combined cycle facility. We anticipate the analysis to be completed next year, and the filing with the PSCW will be made at the end of 2014. Our capital estimates are based on a new 300-megawatt natural gas flight generating facility and truly determine desired resource. The WPL and IPL split of our capital expenditures as well as the updated rate base estimates for 2013 to 2016 will be provided in the EEI Investor Presentation Slide deck, which will posted to our website yet this week. I'd now like to update you on some positive economic developments in our service territory. The economy remains stable for both Iowa and Wisconsin. Unemployment rates are below the national average with Iowa's rate at 4.9% and was concentrated at 6.2%. We are seeing improvement in the number of customers and a slight improvement in use per customer. During the past year, the number of electric customers are up by 0.4%, and for gas customers, 6.6%. Its good to see positive economic trends in our service territory, that are modestly affecting our sales volume. Let me summarize my key messages for today. We will continue to manage the company striking a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline, and cost-impacted customers. We have a plan that will continue to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth objective and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We’re having a solid 2013, an increase in midpoint of our 2013 consolidated earnings guidance to reflect the benefits of weather and have provided earnings and dividend guidance for 2014. We're making progress transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced with lower emissions, and has a flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations, while economically meeting our energy capacity needs of our customers. We continue to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive fair and timely outcomes. And finally, I must acknowledge and give thanks to our dedicated workforce, which not only provides outstanding service to our customers, but also delivers the financial results that we are discussing today. We're also experiencing our safest year as company, and will continue to look out for one another and for our customers. Thank you for your interest in Alliant's Energy and I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Thank you, Pat. Good morning, everyone. We released third quarter earnings this morning, with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations at $1.43 per share. There are no earnings adjustments this quarter. 2013 third quarter earnings are higher than third quarter 2012, primarily due to purchase power capacity costs, related to the Riverside Energy Center, and lower income tax expense. The higher earnings were partially offset by lower quarter-over-quarter earnings attributed to weather, and higher depreciation expense, primarily resulting from the purchase of Riverside. Comparisons between the third quarter of 2013 and 2012 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental Slides 5 and 6. The third quarter 2013 weather resulted in positive earnings from higher electric sales of $0.07 per share. However this is $0.13 lower than third quarter 2012 weather impact of $0.20 per share. Year-to-date, weather has increased earnings of $0.11 in 2013. As a result, we have increased the 2013 consolidated earnings guidance range to $3.15 to $3.30 per share. We have seen modest weather normalized sales growth in 2013. Retail sales trends between 2013 -- 2012 and 2013 are illustrated in supplemental Slide 7. IPL's Tax Benefit Riders resulted in a $0.02 quarter-over-quarter variation in the third quarter 2013, when compared to third quarter 2012. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 Tax Benefit Riders, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 Tax Benefit Rider is provided in supplemental Slide 8. The Tax Benefit Riders have a quarterly timing impact, but are not anticipated to impact full year 2013 results. The walk from the 2012 to the 2013 projected effective tax rates for IPL, WPL, and AEC, is provided on supplemental Slide 9. Now, let's review our 2014 guidance. This morning, we issued our consolidated 2014 guidance range of $3.25 to $3.55 earnings per share. A walk from the midpoint of the 2013 to 2014 estimated guidance range is shown on supplemental Slide 10. Starting with our utilities, the 2014 guidance assumes normal weather, modest sale increases as profiled in supplemental Slide 11, and is based upon the impacts of WPL's previously announced electric and gas retail rate freezes and assumptions about IPL's expected electric base rate case outcome. In 2012, WPL froze base rates for 2013 and 2014. The WPL rate freeze reflected electric rate base growth as a result of placing the Columbia's scrubber and baghouse projects in service in 2014. The increase in electric revenue requirement for 2014 for this and other rate base additions was offset by the net impact of lower purchase power capacity costs from the DAEC PPA, which expires at the end of 2013, and higher conservation expense resulting in no change WP&L's retail electric customers base rate in 2014. Our 2014 guidance range assumes that WPL earns its authorized return on common equity of 10.4%. Now turning to IPL. The increase in rate base during our 3-year rate freeze has not allowed IPL to earn its authorized return on common equity. We have constructed our 2014 guidance based upon earnings, our current authorized return on equity, which resulted in inclusion of a regulatory reserve in our guidance. We have assumed the transmission and energy cost riders remain in effect. Our rate case filing will consider a number of factors, which could have affect the final revenue requirement, including changes in depreciation expense, a change in amortization amounts for regulatory assets, and/or a lower total revenue requirement when compared to current rates resulting in a potential refund. We plan to share additional details of our test year 2013 rate case, when filing the case. We expect to reach a constructive outcome in 2014 to a rate case or settlement, which allows us to earn an appropriate return -- rate of return on our investor rate base. Pension expense is currently expected to be approximately $0.05 per share lower in 2014 due to increases in the discount rates and asset returns. These amounts will be updated at year-end, when determining the actual 2014 pension expense. The current funded status of our pension plan is approximately 95%. Given the changes experienced in the income tax expense in 2014, supplemental Slide 12 has been provided to assist you in modeling our forecasted 2014 effective tax rates at IPL, WPL and AEC. Finally, we turn to the 2014 earnings projections for the parent and nonregulated businesses. We expect the transportation business to maintain steady earnings between $0.11 and $0.13 per share. We also expect the Franklin County Wind Farm to sell power into the wholesale market with lower transmission constraints, resulting in a forecasted $0.02 per share pickup for 2014, when compared to 2013. In addition to our updated earning guidance, we updated our capital expenditures plans as shown on supplemental Slides 3 and 4. Our 2014 capital expenditure plan increased by approximately $200 million, primarily due to the changes in the timing of the Marshalltown Generating Station expenditures, and the addition of the transmission upgrade expenditures as a result of FERC's attachment FF decision in July 2013. Cash flows from operations are expected to be very strong given the earnings generated by the business. We will also benefit given we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2016, primarily due to the additional bonus depreciation Pat noted earlier. These strong cash flows will be partially reduced by credits to customers billed, in accordance with IPL's Tax Benefit Riders. Turning to our financing plans. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our target liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our financing plan assumes we will receive IUB approval of the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station and that the sale of our Minnesota distribution assets closes in 2014. The estimated sales proceeds of approximately $128 million from our Minnesota asset sale are expected to be used to offset IPL's future financing needs. The Minnesota distribution asset sale requires state and federal regulatory approvals. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing up to $300 million dollars of long-term debt at both IPL and WPL in the later half of 2014. We also anticipate issuing up to $250 million in aggregate of new common equity in 2015 and 2016. We do not currently plan to issue any material new common equity in 2014. We may adjust our plans as being prudent if market conditions warrant. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for the rest of 2013 and 2014, which we have summarized in Slide 13. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting you -- with you at EEI. The slides to be discussed at EEI will be posted on our website as we do with all of our Investor Relations conference slides. At this time, I'll turn the call back to the operator to facilitate a question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: If you could just reiterate about what you said earlier on the bonus depreciation, I think it was $250 million deduction to rate base. Where did that fall in the IPL or WPL?
Patricia L. Kampling: Both, it was the 3 projects at Neal, and some of which would be IPL and Columbia which would be WP&L.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that -- that's reduction to the '13 rate base?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. When they going into service.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: When they are going into service?
Patricia L. Kampling: Which should be end of '14.
Thomas L. Hanson: And Brian, the slide that we will be posting here either today or tomorrow will reflect that in terms of the rate base from the schedules you've seen before.
Patricia L. Kampling: And the $250 million, Brain, is the deduction.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Right. It's a deduction in your rate base, and I guess that kind of offset by the incremental transmission spend?
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure, Brian. It's the tax deduction.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Oh, tax deduction. Got you.
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure, just want to be clear.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Tax deduction, not a rate base deduction.
Patricia L. Kampling: That's correct.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Does it have an impact on rate base?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. Of course
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I think you mentioned earlier that you going to provide the CapEx breakdown by the IPL and WPL also in the EEI presentation?
Thomas L. Hanson: That's correct, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the Franklin County, pickup in 2014, you mind sharing kind of like the year-over-year improvement in capacity factors.
Thomas L. Hanson: Through September, the capacity factor was approximately 25%, and that reflected in improvement in the transmission line that was completed in the second quarter, we're expecting further improvement due to additional transmission lines that will be done in 2014. So we would expect that cap factor is probably going to get certainly closer to 30%, if not slightly above the 30%.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the equity needs that you need in, I think it's '14 or '15 and '16, could that be kind of handled under some sort of driven[ph] program?
Thomas L. Hanson: Certainly that's an option. Whether it's driven, [ph] whether it's for a 1k needs and what not. So all those options are items that will need to be considering.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then Pat just lastly, you've been spending quite a bit on environmental retrofits, et cetera, and I was just curious as to your thoughts on the EPA's carbon standards on existing fleets that are due in June of '14? I mean under what's proposed now, would your goal plans meet that standard?
Patricia L. Kampling: Again, what's proposed right now has to do with a lot of the new construction, which again we’re not proposing any new coal construction. What's being discussed that I wouldn’t even say proposed at this point, we'll be working with EEI and rest of industry, on what we think the rules for the existing plans need to be, Brian.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] .We will go next to Ela Gratia with Millenium.
Steven Gambuzza: It's Steven Gambuzza. I just wanted to follow up on Brian's question on the deductions for deferred taxes at the environmental units. I know there are differences in how you account for deferred taxes in Iowa, and Wisconsin. Can you just repeat -- is this a reduction to rate base? And if so, I know you had previously provided rate base forecast for 2015 in your last investor presentation, should we -- were those forecasts including the impact of these deferred tax benefits or not?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, if you recall back in our January call that we made some reference that because of the of the enactment of Taxpayer Release Act that there would be continuing depreciation, so this is reflecting those projects that were started in 2013 that would be placed in service in 2014. As Pat mentioned in her script, the $250 million is the deduction that will take in the tax return, you multiply that times your tax rates. So it's about a $100 million reduction in rate base. Some of that will be split at IPL and WPL, and as I said, the rate base slides that we will be sharing reflect that reduction because of the incremental bonus depreciation.
Steven Gambuzza: So it's not in the old presentation rate base forecast, but it will be on a new one?
Thomas L. Hanson: It was footnoted in the old, it will be in the bar graphs with the new.
Steven Gambuzza: Okay. And then I just wanted to make sure, just clarify the comment on the -- you said you did not earn your allowed ROE in Iowa in 2013, and you would -- the midpoint of your guidance would reflect earning your allowed ROE in 2014? Is that correct?
Thomas L. Hanson: That's correct.
Steven Gambuzza: And it's -- and to the kind of parameters are 10% return on equity and a 48% equity layer? Is that right?
Thomas L. Hanson: That's reasonable, yes.
Steven Gambuzza: Okay. And then just the tax rate, 2014 versus 2013, is it -- is there any change in the -- I think you said 20% in 2014 effective, what was it in 2013?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. If we go to, on Slide 9, the effective tax rate was 12%, and then on slide 12 for 2014, the estimate is 20%.
Steven Gambuzza: Okay. And the change in that tax rate, has some of that reflected in some of the regulatory riders you have? Or is that -- how did that...
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. Certainly the biggest rider would be at IPL with the Tax Benefit Rider, and also we do have some flow throughs whether that relates to repairs or mixed up service cost that also influence that and given the fact we have flow-through in Iowa. That's what tends to move your IPL effective tax rate around more than you would see certainly in Wisconsin because of the tax treatment here.
Operator: We'll go next Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to ask the 2014 guidance, like you said is a 9% increase, obviously above your 5% to 7% long-term range. Should we think, I know you can’t get specific beyond 2014, but should we think of that 5% to 7% as being sort of a CAGR, I believe you previously said from 12% to 17%, or should we think of years beyond '14 as being in that 5% to 7% range?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. This is Pat. We're still using 2012 weather normalize as our base for that. So if you still use that and use a 5%, that's the range we're talking about long-term.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: As a cager, meaning there maybe. Okay. So there may be some lumpiness between here and there, but that's the endpoint, right?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, absolutely.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. My next question is just maybe I need a reminder of the rate case process in Iowa, but if you do go ahead with a rate case rather than a settlement, when would the new rates take effect, and how big of an impact is that in your '14 guidance?
Patricia L. Kampling: We have it. Pretty well factored and what happened in Iowa is if we file a case, we will not be requesting interim rate. We will request final rates -- would be at the end of the year most likely. Again, there's not a set schedule. We would expect it to be the end of the year, and any refund, at all, would be retroactive back to the February date, when the DAEC payment changes from the old agreement to the new payment. And all of that is reflected in our 2014 guidance.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Meaning, retroactive refund is embedded in your guidance or potential?
Patricia L. Kampling: A Potential. Whatever the options are at the end of the case we have reflected in the guidance.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. I guess, maybe what I am a little confused about when is what would make your earned ROE increase in '14 if the new rates wouldn't take effect until say January of '15?
Patricia L. Kampling: It has to do with the math, Andy, about the -- capacity payments going away and additional rate base getting added. The earning on additional rate base and having lower capacity payments.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, okay. Maybe I'll follow up them offline. And then just lastly, the equity, was it $250 million over the 2-year period of '15 and '16 or in each of those years?
Thomas L. Hanson: No, it's in aggregate. So it's for both of those 2 years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And there are no other questions in the queue at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 14, 2013, at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script to the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. And that does concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille Patricia L. Kampling - Chairperson of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairperson of Capital Approval Committee and Chairperson of Executive Committee Thomas L. Hanson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Ashar Khan Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi Steven M. Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Partners, L.P.
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter 2013 earnings and reaffirmed 2013 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We have had another good quarter. We continue to have solid earnings, constructive regulatory decisions, good progress on our construction projects and high customer satisfaction. Alliant Energy customers again ranked us high in the J.D. Power and Associates 2013 Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study. We remain on the top quartile in the Midwest large segment, and our overall satisfaction score continues to improve. We are very proud of this J.D. Power recognition, and it is a tribute to all of our dedicated men and women that provide exceptional customer service every day. Pardon me. On the regulatory front, we recently have had several positive developments. First, we received a good order at FERC addressing the complaint IPL filed in 2012 as it relates to who should pay for network upgrade cost driven by generator interconnects in our IPL service territory. We challenged ITC Midwest MISO Attachment FF, which allows generator owners to receive 100% reimbursement of these costs from ITC Midwest. While the new generators received favorable treatment, the ITC cost associated with these upgrades are passed through to our customers through higher revenue requirements. In Iowa and Minnesota, customers of the other utilities are not responsible for subsidizing network upgrades driven by generator interconnections in their service territories. With this FERC decision, our IPL customers will be treated the same as the other customers in Iowa and Minnesota. The network upgrade costs already incurred are not insignificant. The revenue requirement included in IPL's customer rates for 2013 is about $25 million higher given the 100% reimbursement policy as compared to the standard MISO tariff. The FERC order does require MISO to revise the ITC Midwest FF tariff to conform with the standard MISO Attachment FF tariff. The new reimbursement policy will be in effect for all generator interconnect agreements executed or filed with FERC after July 18, 2013. As typical with all orders issued by FERC, there is a 30-day window for intervenors to seek a rehearing and/or stay. It is difficult to predict when this order will be final, given we are still in the 30-day window. Once the order is final, we will evaluate any potential changes to the rate base associated with future transmission projects and related capital expenditures. I am also pleased to report that last week, IPL reached a partial settlement with the Office of Consumer Advocate and other interested parties in our 5-year energy efficiency plan for years 2014 through 2018. This partial settlement agreement is consistent with our goal of working closely with interested stakeholders to obtain fair and timely regulatory outcomes. Our plan includes spending approximately $400 million over the 5-year period for electric and gas energy efficiency programs in Iowa. The planned spending and energy efficiency savings are relatively the same as IPL's previous 5-year plan. The IUB is expected to make a decision on the plan by the end of the year, and the expenses will flow through IPL's energy efficiency cost recovery rider. As we discussed in our first quarter call in April, Alliance Energy's Wisconsin subsidiary, WP&L, reached a settlement with the EPA and the Sierra Club, which was approved by the U.S. district court in June. The terms of the settlement are consistent with WPL's energy resource plan announced in 2012, and a majority of their emissions control are currently under construction or completed. The SCR for Edgewater Unit 5 was completed last year, and the baghouse and scrubber have been approved by the PSCW at an estimated cost of $410 million excluding AFUDC. Construction is expected to begin in 2014 and be completed in 2016. For our Columbia units, the construction of a baghouse and scrubber at both units is on time and on budget and is expected to be completed in 2014. The settlement also requires the installation of an SCR at Columbia Unit 2, which we plan to seek approval from the PSCW in the second quarter of 2014. Our share of the construction expenditure is estimated to be between $100 million and $125 million. The majority of the spend for the SCR occurs in 2017 and 2018 with an in-service date of 2018. We are also continuing to evaluate improvements that will increase the efficiency and generating capacity of our existing generating units. Earlier this week we filed a certificate of authority application with the PSCW for authorization to replace 12 coal pulverizers and upgrade the 2 steam turbines at Columbia Units 1 and 2. The new technology will reduce the heat rate and expected to increase the operating capacity of the units. The total estimated cost of the project is $130 million and WPL's share is $60 million, excluding AFUDC. We anticipate a decision from the commission in the third quarter next year and completion of this project in 2017. This project is in our current capital expenditure guidance. In Iowa, construction is also progressing well at the installation of baghouses and scrubbers at Ottumwa and MidAmerican's Neal 3 and 4 units. The Neal 4 project will be in service later this year, and the Ottumwa and Neal 3 projects are expected to be in service in 2014. I'll now update you on the progress of our proposed Marshalltown Generating Station in Iowa. IPL and the OCA reached a settlement agreement, which includes a $700 million price cap, excluding AFUDC and transmission. The proposed settlement also includes the return on common equity of 11% for the depreciable life of the facility and the use of a 10.3% return on common equity for the calculation of AFUDC. At the end of April, we filed a settlement agreement with the Iowa Utilities Board. In May, the hearing for Marshalltown was held and the only board member present was IUB Chair Libby Jacobs. Briefs and reply briefs have since been filed, and the record is complete. However, since the hearing, Nick Wagner and Sheila Tipton had been appointed as new board members. We do not believe that the absence of the full board at the Marshalltown hearing will significantly impact the timing of the IUB decision, which we expect to receive later this year. The IUB's decision to grant us a certificate for construction will be contingent upon IPL receiving all necessary permits and other regulatory approvals, including the air permit from the Iowa Department of Natural Resources and approval for construction of a natural gas pipeline. As we have discussed in the past, an important piece of IPL's resource plan is the new Duane Arnold Energy Center PPA. All cost of the new DAEC PPA will flow through the Energy Adjustment Clause starting in February 2014. Intervenors raised concerns in the DAEC PPA docket about the potential double recovery of capacity cost if IPL does not file a new base rate case in 2014, since $135 million of DAEC capacity payments are currently included in base rates. We continue to work with the various stakeholders on a settlement to extend the current 3-year electric base rate freeze that expires at the end of this year. We are proposing to stabilize electric retail base rates at the current levels until the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station is placed in service, which is currently expected in April of 2017. The base rates stabilization proposal includes the utilization of approximately $230 million remaining tax benefit rider funds available in the regulatory liability to offset future retail electric bills for Iowa customers. If a base rate stabilization agreement cannot be reached, the electric base rate case filed in early 2014 will eliminate the revenue requirement of the DAEC capacity cost and would include recovery of and return on rate base additions of approximately $500 million, as well as other changes in revenue requirements since our last base rate case test year of 2009. Depending on the outcome of the potential 2014 rate case, there could also be a potential need for additional rate cases before 2017 since the proposed base rates stabilization plan takes a multi-year view and provides base rate and Tax Benefit Rider certainty for our customers. Let me summarize the key messages. We expect to continue to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% common dividend payout targets. We are making great progress transforming our generating portfolio to one that is balanced with lower emissions and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. We are focused on working safely, providing exceptional customer service and improving reliability. We'll manage our company focusing on operational and financial discipline with the goal of earning our authorized returns while minimizing customer rate volatility and increases. And finally, we will continue to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive fair and timely outcomes. Thank you for your interest in Alliance Energy, and I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. Today, we released our second quarter 2013 earnings. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.59 per share, which is $0.01 per share increase over second quarter of 2012. The lack of capacity charges related to the Riverside PPA in 2013 resulted in a positive variance of $0.11 per share for the quarter. Other positive drivers were a 2013 revenue requirement adjustment related to IPL's tax initiatives and lower energy conservation cost recovery amortizations at WPL. These EPS positive drivers were partially offset by lower earnings resulting from weather impacts on sales, higher WPL depreciation expense and quarter-over-quarter timing impacts from IPL's electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders. Second quarter comparisons between 2013 and 2012 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides 2, 3 and 4. In our consolidated earnings guidance walk between 2012 and 2013, which has been provided in our investor relations presentations, we highlighted several drivers for the forecasted year-over-year earnings results. One of the largest drivers is the forecasted $0.29 per share increase in earnings due to lower purchase power capacity cost, primarily related to the Riverside Energy Center, which WPL purchased on December 31, 2012. To assist modeling quarterly earnings projections, please note that of the $60 million annual Riverside capacity payments in 2012, approximately $6 million was paid in the first quarter, $20 million was paid in second quarter, $28 million was paid in the third quarter, and $6 million was paid in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our 2013 consolidated earnings guidance of $2.95 to $3.25 a share. While we were pleased with the results for the first half of the year, we are a third quarter company due to summer peak and summer rates, thus, we are not making changes to our guidance at this time. The 2013 -- the July 2013 estimated weather impact was normal. By comparison, the extremely hot weather in July 2012 had an approximately $0.18 per share positive impact on earnings. The economy on our service territories continues to slowly improve. The forecasted 2013 total electric retail sales reflect relatively flat weather normalized sales when compared to 2012. Sales trends between forecasted 2013 and weather normalized 2012 by customer class are illustrated on supplemental Slide 5. The forecasted decrease in IPL's industrial sales in 2013 over 2012 weather normalized sales is due to cogeneration customer outages last year, which increased IPL's industrial sales in the first quarter 2012. Excluding sales to IPL cogeneration customers, industrial sales would have -- would be relatively flat comparing forecasted 2013 to 2012. IPL's electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders are expected to have no earnings impact for 2013, just like they had no earnings impact in 2011 or 2012. The forecasted quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 electric Tax Benefit Rider, are provided in supplemental Slide 6. Turning to our financing plans. Cash flows from operation are expected to remain strong. Please note that the 2013 cash flows are impacted by reduced customer build in accordance with IPL's Tax Benefit Riders. Our current 2013 financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt of up to $300 million at IPL in the fourth quarter. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Therefore, we do not plan to issue any material new common equity in 2013. Our future financing plans will be significantly influenced by the timing of construction expenditures, including the proposed Marshalltown facility Pat discussed earlier. We expect to announce our 2014 financing plan later this year. Supplemental Slide 7 has been provided to assist you in modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC. Turning to our regulatory calendar. We have made significant progress to-date on the 2013 regulatory dockets, which are summarized on Slide 8. We are waiting 2 major decisions yet this year, which are the construction authorization and rate making principles for the proposed Marshalltown generating facility and approval of our 5-year energy efficiency plant. In addition to these proceedings, we continue discussions with the OCA and other stakeholders regarding our proposed electric base rate stabilization plan, which would continue until the anticipated in-service date of Marshalltown generating facility, which is scheduled for April 2017. We very much appreciate your continued support of the company. We look forward to meeting with many of you in August and September. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Maybe you could just comment on a little further on the weather normalized year-over-year sales changes on Slide 5 and there seems to be a divergence between IPL versus WPL. Just wondering if you can give a little color on maybe the different service territories.
Thomas L. Hanson: Well, as we look at the residential sector, we would not really see any significant differences. Simply there's a difference in the industrial sector. But as I stated, the IPL is somewhat artificially low because of the additional sales that we had with cogeneration customers that we had last year. So if you adjust for that, the profile would be similar between the 2 states. And again from our perspective, again sales are relatively flat. Certainly, we see some slight signs of improvement but nothing that would suggest that we change our forecast.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And correct me if I'm wrong, but the IUB granted an oral decision approving Marshalltown. Is that accurate?
Patricia L. Kampling: No, that's not accurate, Brian. We reached settlement with the OCA, and that -- part of it is proceeding right now but we have not received any order from the IUB yet.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is there a procedural schedule when that order is expected?
Patricia L. Kampling: No, there is not. But we still expect it in the fourth quarter, though.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then remind us what the drag on the merchant wind farm is in 2013, and are there any initiatives to maybe mitigate that in '14 and beyond?
Thomas L. Hanson: The amount that we have in our forecast here is a $0.05 drag on earnings for Franklin County. Much of that is attributable to the transmission congestion that occurred in 2013. There are steps underway that would remedy that, would suggest that, that certainly would have a probably less of a loss, if I can characterize it that way, going into 2014.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, just on the IPL rate stabilization plan, at what point to you just stop discussions and just prepare to file a rate case, and when would that occur? I believe you filed in March and also self-implement.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, Brian, we'll be going down parallel paths on this. We need to be prepared to have to file a rate case, but at the same time, we'll continue discussions with all parties up to that point and even including after the point when we filed the case if we have to go down that path but it will be a parallel path at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Revisiting on the Franklin County topic maybe, Pat, if you could just parse it into 2 topics. So if you were to resolve some of the transmission constraints that might allow you to sell the output. But maybe talk a little bit about efforts to contract the asset, which might make it a little bit easier to sell and potentially mitigate some of the equity needs in '15.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. Jay, really nothing has changed on Franklin County at this point. We're pleased to report that the performance has been going very well and the transmission constraints are getting alleviated as we speak. But we're still looking at all the options on what to do with that facility at this point, so there's really nothing to report on that.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: But it's fair to say -- I guess, where I'm going and maybe I overstep my bounds there, it's fair to say you are attempting to contract it, but certainly you've got to resolve the transmission constraints in order to get those parties more willing to contract?
Patricia L. Kampling: I would say we're looking at multiple options at this point, Jay. It's not just one option we're looking at, at this point.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay, fair enough. And then, Tom, to the $0.18 benefit on weather, if I take that and sort of assume normal weather for the third quarter but then say, well, Riverside is going to be $28 million benefit of the absence of the capacity charge netted obviously against some depreciation and then the sort of net benefit of the Tax Benefit Rider, which should be about $0.02 assuming sort of flat, but you ought to be able to offset that weather impact. Am I thinking about that right?
Thomas L. Hanson: I'm thinking, here, Jay. Well, let's look at individual pieces. Certainly, July was extreme last year in terms of -- for the quarter, it was $0.20. So for the month of July, it was $0.18. Our forecast assumes that it would be weather normalized. Certainly, we are getting a benefit because of Riverside. Again, that's in our guidance, and we also were a third quarter company, both in terms of sales and with our summer rates. So the third quarter always is the largest of the 4 quarters. And also if you go back to the guidance that we provided in terms of the walk going from '12 to '13, hopefully, we will try to identify those individual items, and really our focus is more on the annual basis as opposed to a quarter-over-quarter basis. The reason we just wanted to call out the July weather effect is because it was so significant last year.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Oh, yes, no, exactly, and I think that's great call out. I just want to weigh it against $28 million of the capacity charge absence would be about $0.16 a share, roughly, and then it looks like you get, roughly, $0.02 of benefit from the comparative benefit of the Tax Benefit Rider. So no, that's fine. And then maybe just last question on operating costs. I know you've had, Pat, a lot of focus on continuing to manage and reduce cost just from a continuous improvement and productivity point of view. So how are those efforts going? And sort of do you continue to see a lot of wood to chop there as far as opportunity to manage costs.
Patricia L. Kampling: I would tell you I think we've done a fantastic job over the last couple of years of identifying these items and reducing costs. We expect cost to be remain relatively flat. Again, a lot of the benefits from our cost reductions have been the conversion of our -- some of our coal facilities to gas. We don't have any of those coming down in next couple of years at least major savings, but we would expect our O&M to remain relatively flat until we add new facilities to the portfolio.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: Pat, I just wanted to get your view on M&A in the sector. One of your neighbors, since your last earnings call, went in and bought something on the West. I just wanted to understand how you look at M&A in terms of shareholders' return and everything from your perspective?
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. No, firstly, I just want to say that we are very focused on our very large capital expenditure program that we have right now, and we have very good earnings growth just organically with all the work that we're doing here at the company. I could tell you the lens that we look at M&A's the same lens that our neighbors are looking at. You want to accretive earnings, you want to make sure that there's benefits to the share owners. In this environment right now a lot of the last few M&As, the regulators put some constraints on, savings that the utilities could achieve through synergies. So we're looking at it with the same lens that everybody else is, it has to be very good for the shareowner. But right now, really focused on deploying the capital that we have in our plans right now.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: I wanted to elaborate on the approval for the rate freeze related to Marshalltown. You mentioned that there are 2 new commissioners in Iowa. How involved will they be in approving the deal with the OCA? And will they need to be confirmed before they're able to rule? My understanding is that it won't happen until after next year. But will they be involved in this decision in the fourth quarter as you're expecting or by the fourth quarter?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. And just to be clear, they're actually -- they are able to vote. They'll have to be reconfirmed next year. That might be the confusion that you have on that, but they are standing members. Sheila won't be on the board until middle of August, but they will be able to vote on the proceedings. And again we don't expect any delays. The record is very clear. It's complete. So we'll just have to see how this progresses, but they are 2 very qualified board members that have been appointed.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. That's helpful, and then lastly, you talked quite a bit about updated cost estimates for the environmental controls, but the slide showing the details wasn't there. I can go through the transcript later, but I was hoping you could just maybe point of some of what's changed since the last slide deck, particularly around the recent EPA settlement?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, actually nothing has changed on the CapEx for the environmental controls.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Bischof of Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question for you this morning relating to strategy. Recently, the Wisconsin State budget called for the divestiture of state-owned generation assets. Is that something that Alliant will interested in looking at?
Patricia L. Kampling: No, we're not interested in looking at those, we're just really focused on improving the performance for our fleet. So we actually have no intention of looking at that at all.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: Just a very quick question. There was, I mean, the call was very clear. There was just one thing that kind of piqued my interest, and I don't know if I heard it right or if it even was meaningful, so I just want to get some clarification on it. But you had made some reference about when you were talking about the transmission and the revaluation of rate base or CapEx relative to -- I guess was relative to the ITC FERC decision, but can you just explain what you meant by that, and whether it's significant or not significant?
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. The question is that with this new FERC order, any new generation that we'd be placing in service, we could be responsible for the transmission, which would be a change to the rate base then. But again it's too early to speculate on that. But that's what the question is. So any new generation that we'd be putting in service could be our costs that would be paying for the transmission.
Andrew Levi: And that would kind of -- that would be additive to CapEx and additive to rate base.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, yes, exactly.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So that was a positive thing that you were referring to?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to Eli Kraicer [ph] with Millennium.
Steven M. Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Partners, L.P.: It's Steve Gambuzza. In your comments, you talked about the need for gas pipe infrastructure for the Marshalltown this GT [ph]. Is that included in the capital forecast? And do you have to go through a separate siting and approval process to construct that infrastructure?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, actually, the answer to both of those are yes. And the good news with that facility is we already have all the easements in place for the pipeline, but it's a separate docket at the IUB.
Steven M. Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Partners, L.P.: Okay. And then just a follow-up on Andy Levi's question. Are you currently evaluating this change in the FERC transmission structure? Will you provide some kind of update on what that change might mean for the generation investments you're making or is it not anticipated to be significant?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. No, I think in the transmission planning it's still in its early stages for the Marshalltown facility but our current estimate would be again this is our current estimate would be an increase of rate base if we were to pay for it about $145 million.
Steven M. Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Partners, L.P.: $145 million. And given that you don't own any transmission -- am I correct that you no longer own any transmission at IP&L, currently. Is that correct?
Patricia L. Kampling: That's correct.
Steven M. Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Partners, L.P.: So would that the -- would this $145 million be FERC jurisdictional rate base or would it be part of your state jurisdictional rate base?
Patricia L. Kampling: It would be state.
Operator: And Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 9, 2013, at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to call me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Again that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille Patricia L. Kampling - Chairperson of The Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Capital Approval Committee and Chairman of Executive Committee Thomas L. Hanson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2013 earnings and reaffirmed 2013 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia L. Kampling: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We had a solid first quarter. Our non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations increased $0.22 per share over the first quarter of 2012. $0.14 per share is due to a return to near-normal temperatures in the first quarter 2013 and to experiencing a record warm winter a year ago. Tom will go further -- Tom will go over further details regarding our year-over-year earnings drivers a bit later in the call. We've experienced very interesting weather so far this year, and yesterday was no exception. Some areas of our service territories received over a foot of snow, while other areas experienced nice summer weather only a few days ago. This spring, we went from dredging the river near one of our generating stations to ensure an adequate water supply, to repair and to implement flood plans at our river stations. Today, we've managed the wet spring very well and using insights from our 2008 floods to guide our actions. We are pleased to report that the ice, snow and the spring flooding have had little impact on our facilities or on our financial results. Even more impressive is the fact that our employees worked through these challenging conditions while improving our safety record when compared to the first quarter of 2012. Hats off to our crews. Another first quarter positive was our wind generation. Our first quarter utility-owned wind capacity factors increased from approximately 32% in 2012 to 40% in 2013. Now I would like to take a few moments to discuss a number of positive outcomes from our regulatory efforts. Last week, WPL announced the settlement with the EPA and the Sierra Club. The terms are consistent with WPL's energy resource plant announced in 2012 and many of the commitments and the settlement are already underway. For Edgewater Unit 5, the settlement requires the addition of an SCR, which was completed late last year and adding a baghouse and scrubber to the unit, which was just approved by the PSCW yesterday. The estimated cost approved by the PSCW is approximately $410 million, excluding AFUDC, and construction is expected to begin in 2014 and be completed in 2016. For our Columbia units, the settlement requires the installation of a scrubber and baghouse at both units, which construction is currently underway and is expected to be completed in 2014. The settlement also requires the installation of an SCR at Columbia Unit 2, which requires PSCW approval. We plan to file a Certificate of Authority in the second quarter of 2014 and estimate that our share of the construction expenditures to be between $100 million to $125 million. The great majority of the spend for this project will occur in 2017 and 2018. We expect to place the SCR in service in 2018. All capital expenditures associated with this settlement for the 2013 through 2016 period has been in the capital expenditure guidance we have previously provided and as shown on Slide 2. Construction is also progressing well on the installation of baghouses and scrubbers at Ottumwa at MidAmerican's Neal 3 and 4 units in Iowa. The Neal 4 project will be in service later this year and the Ottumwa and Neal 3 projects are expected to be in service in 2014. A summary of the expected construction expenditures for our Tier 1 units over the next 4 years, the total project cost and the in-service dates for the controls is provided on Slide 3. We have now included $20 million in 2016 for the Columbia Unit 2 SCR on Slide 3. We have also added the midpoint of the estimated total project cost and in-service date for the SCR to this slide. However, we proved we have this $20 million in our 2016 overall environmental capital expenditure guidance shown on Slide 2. The 2016 totals have not changed. Now I'll update you on the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station in Iowa. On Monday, we filed with the Iowa Utilities Board a settlement agreement with the Office of Consumer Advocate regarding ratemaking principles. IPL's initial filing was for approval of 8 ratemaking principles prior to the beginning of construction. Of these principles, the OCA and IPL were in agreement on 5 of the 8 principles, including the $700 million price cap for the project. The OCA and IPL originally had differences on 3 of the principles which will result in the proposed settlement. The proposed settlement includes our acceptance of the OCA's recommended return on common equity of 11% for the depreciable life of the facility, the use of 10.3% return on equity for the calculation of AFUDC and both parties have withdrawn their respective positions on double leverage and have agreed that these issues can be addressed in the context of future rate cases or other proceedings. On May 21, the IUB will hold a hearing for all intervening parties in the proceedings. We expect to receive an IUB decision later this year. The IUB's efficient to grant a certificate for construction would be contingent upon IPL receiving all necessary permits and other regulatory approvals, including an air permit from the Iowa Department of Natural Resources and approval for construction of a natural gas pipeline, which was filed this week with the IUB. An important piece of IPL's resource plan is the Duane Arnold Energy Center PPA. We are pleased to receive the IUB's order for the new 11-year DAEC PPA effective in February 2014. All costs of the new DAEC PPA will flow through the Energy Adjustment Clause. Interveners raised concerns in the DAEC docket about the potential double recovery of capacity cost if IPL does not file a new base rate case in 2014, since $135 million of DAEC capacity payments were included in 2009 base rates, which was last base rate case. We are continuing to work with various stakeholders to extend the current 3-year electric base rate freeze that expires at the end of this year. We are proposing to stabilize electric retail base rates at the current levels until the proposed Marshalltown generating station is placed in service, which is currently expected in April of 2017. Our proposal would avoid the need for multiple rate cases over the next few years and eliminate electric base rate volatility for our customers. We will continue to work with the parties and have the ability to utilize the remaining funds available from a tax benefit rider to facilitate base rate stabilization. At the end of 2013, they'll be approximately $203 million available to refund to electric retail customers. The IUB acknowledges IPL's commitment to work with the Consumer Advocate and large customer groups to resolve this issue before the DAEC charges start flowing through the Energy Adjustment Clause. However, if the parties cannot resolve this issue, IPL will file a general rate case proceeding in the first quarter of 2014, along with the refund obligation, with an effective date of the new DAEC agreement of February 22, 2014. Any required refund will be based upon the IUB's final rate order in late 2014 and applied retroactively to February 22, 2014. We remain committed and look forward to working with the parties to reach agreement on a rate stabilization plan by February 2014. If a rate stabilization agreement cannot be reached, the base rate case filed in early 2014 would include recovery of and return on base rate additions of approximately $500 million and other changes in revenue requirements since our base 2009 test-year case. As we discussed in the past, the DAEC capacity payment and base rates would offset the increase in revenue requirements related to higher rate base, depreciation, interest and associated operation and maintenance expenses. We also anticipate that we would likely need additional rate cases before 2017, when selected rate cases are expected to increase during that period. So let me summarize the key messages for today. We expect to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% common dividend target. We are making great progress transforming our generating portfolio to one that is balanced with lower emissions and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. We are focused on working safely, providing excellent customer service and improving reliability. We will manage our company focusing on operational and financial discipline, with the goal of earning our authorized returns while minimizing customer rate volatility and increases. And finally, we will work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive our remaining approvals in a timely manner. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. And I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. Today, we released our first quarter 2013 earnings. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.72 per share, which is a $0.22 per share increase over first quarter 2012. First quarter 2013 weather resulted in a positive earnings of $0.02 per share compared to a loss of $0.12 per share in the first quarter of 2012. This resulted in a $0.14 share positive variance. Other positive drivers were quarter-over-quarter timing impact of IPL's electric and gas tax benefit riders, elimination of capacity charges related to WPL's Riverside PPA, a 2013 revenue requirement adjustment related to IPL's tax initiatives and lower energy conservation cost recovery amortization at WPL. These positive EPS drivers were partially offset by higher WPL depreciation expense, reduced retail gas base rates for WPL starting in January 2013 and losses with AER's Franklin County wind farm. First quarter comparisons between 2013 and 2012 earnings per share are detailed on Slides 4, 5 and 6. We are reaffirming our 2013 guidance of $2.95 to $3.25 a share. While we are pleased with first quarter results, we are a third quarter company due to our summer load -- summer peak load. Thus, we are not making changes to our guidance at this time. In our consolidated earnings guidance walk between 2012 and 2013, which has been provided in our Investor Relations presentations, we highlighted several drivers for the forecasted year-over-year earnings results. One of the largest drivers is the forecasted $0.29 per share increase in earnings due to a lower purchase power capacity cost, primarily related to the Riverside Energy Center which WPL purchased on December 31, 2012. To assist with modeling quarterly earnings projections, please note that of the $60 million annual Riverside capacity payments, approximately $6 million was paid in the first quarter, $28 million -- excuse me, $20 million was paid in the second quarter, $28 million was paid in the third quarter and $6 million was paid in the fourth quarter. The economy in our service territories continued to slowly improve. The forecasted 2013 retail electric sales reflect relatively flat weather-normalized sales when compared to 2012. Sales trends between forecasted 2013 and weather-normalized 2012 by customer class are illustrated in Supplemental Slide 7. The forecasted decrease in IPL's industrial sales in Q1 over 2012 weather-normalized sales is due to cogeneration customer outages, which increased IPL's industrial sales in the first quarter of 2012. The decreased sales to cogeneration facilities resulted in less than $0.01 per share impact to first quarter 2013 earnings. Excluding the IPL cogeneration variances from industrials would have resulted in a forecasted slight increase of industrial sales growth resulting from plant expansions and general industrial forecasted increase use. IPL's electric and gas tax benefit riders are expected to have no earnings impact for 2013, just like they had no earnings impact in 2011 or 2012. The forecasted quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 electric and gas tax benefit riders, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 electric tax benefit rider are provided in Slide 8. Turning to our financing plans. Cash flows from operations are expected to remain strong, since we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2015. Please note the 2013 cash flows are impacted by reduced customer builds in accordance with IPL's tax benefit riders. During to first quarter, we redeemed IPL's 150 million, 8 3/8% preferred stock and issued 200 million of 5.1 preferred stock. During the first quarter, we also redeemed WP&L's 60 million of preferred stock and have no current plans to replace the preferred stock at WPL. Our current 2013 financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt up to $300 million at IPL. The impact of these financings are included in the 2013 guidance. However, the onetime charges related to the redemptions are excluded from our 2013 guidance. We believe that with our strong cash flows financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Therefore, we do not plan to issue any material new equity in 2013 and we expect to announce our 2014 financing plans later this year. Our future financing plans will be significantly influenced by the timing of the construction expenditures for the approved Edgewater 5 scrubber and baghouse project and the proposed Marshalltown facility. We expect a regulatory decision on the Marshalltown Generating Station in or before the fourth quarter. Slide 9 has been provided to assist you with modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates for IPL, WP&L and AEC. Turning to our regulatory calendar, we have made significant progress to date on the 2013 regulatory dockets which are summarized on Slide 10. We are awaiting one major decision yet this year, which is on the construction authorization and the ratemaking principles for the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station. The next major milestone in these proceedings is the May 21 hearings for all intervening parties. In addition to these proceedings, we continue discussions with the OCA and other stakeholders regarding our proposed rate stabilization plan, which would run from January 2014 until the anticipated in-service of Marshalltown Generating Station, which is scheduled for April 2017. We very much appreciate your continued support for the company. You are invited to join us at our Annual Meeting next week, which will be held on May 9th in Cedar Rapids. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate question-and-answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just curious on Slide 7, you have your full year weather-normalized sales outlook, and it just looks like the WPL sales forecast is just a little more positive, I would say, than IPL's. You mentioned the cogen, I think, at IPL, but maybe you could just kind of comment on maybe the different trends you're seeing in each service territory.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. Brian, to be honest with you, we're cautiously optimistic when we see these numbers as well. But we have had 4 years of extreme weather, so we're still predicting that sales are going to be flat because weather normalization is part art, part science. But we're still predicting flat, but we are encouraged with these numbers on the slide as well.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what does the Marshalltown spending profile look like? Could you be more specific by year?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. Brian, if you would go to Supplemental Slide 2, it's highlighted beginning in 2014 with the green bars, and then it continues in '15 and '16 as well.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Will your Q have the actual breakdown?
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, our 10-K has it by year.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And lastly, the Franklin wind farm, I think you mentioned what the loss on a per share basis was in first quarter of '13. What are you kind of assuming in your annual guidance for that?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, we're still assuming $0.05, Brian. And the $0.02 that's in the -- the walk [ph] in press release was over last year and we had some capitalized interest last year.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Continuing on the Franklin County wind, can you talk a little bit about your contracting efforts there and sort of how those are advancing, and then just your sort of latest thoughts on monetization possibilities for that asset?
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. As I mentioned in the past, the critical path around right now with Franklin County is to make sure the transmission constraints get alleviated. We don't expect that to be complete probably till the third quarter, so we're working on that as our first priority. I would like to tell you, though, in the first quarter, even with the constraints, the capacity factor at the site was 34%. We're pleased with the production at the facility, but right now, we're not actively looking at any PPAs or selling the facility.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then on the Iowa settlement, maybe just -- and I know it's a fluid situation, but give us sort of your latest thoughts on the potential for a settlement before you'd be filing that rate case.
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. The discussions are definitely still ongoing. I'm encouraged by the discussions, but too early to predict any outcome at this point.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And timing would still be -- I mean, we should see some advancement on that throughout the year, but it would really come to a head as we get towards the fourth quarter, I would imagine, since you'd be filing that rate case, if you were, certainly very early in the first quarter '14?
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, this is a top priority of ours, Jay, so we're working this very, very hard. But again, it's too hard to predict what the timing will be at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Just one more clarifier on the load growth forecast. It looks like WPL was taken up and IPL came down a little bit relative to the 4Q slides. How much of that is the actual results from 1Q versus a change in the outlook?
Thomas L. Hanson: It's first quarter activity. And as Pat said, again...
Patricia L. Kampling: Weather-normalized first quarter.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, weather-normalized. And just to reiterate what Pat said, given the fact that we've had 4 years of restrained conditions in terms of our weather normalization calculation, and we recognize that we do go out 1 decimal point to the right here. It might imply a level of accuracy that may not exist, but we continue to look at that, and as Pat said, we're cautiously optimistic with the sales.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, that makes sense. And then just one I wanted to clarify. I understand that the cogeneration outages last year may have sort of inflated the industrial volumes at IPL. But the forecast for the full year came down even relative to the February slide deck. So just wondering, is that all 1Q coming in lower than you expect? Or is that the dust settling on some of the cogen numbers from last year?
Thomas L. Hanson: No, it's the 1 quarter.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 10, 2013, at (888) 203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or (719) 457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 824-4179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Susan Gille - IR Pat Kampling - Chairman, President and CEO Tom Hanson - VP and CFO 
Analysts:  John Ali - Decade Capital Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Eli Kraicer - Millennium Partners Andy Bischoff - Morningstar Andrew Weisel - Macquarie  Andy Levi - Avon Capital Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann 
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille : Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's year end 2012 earnings, and affirmed 2013 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. . Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today to review the year end 2012 results. I am pleased to report that 2012 was a year that Alliant Energy employees should be proud of and investors should be pleased with. Not only that we deliver solid financial results but we also make noteworthy improvements in reliability, customer service, generation availability and safety. Nothing is more important than the safety of our employees and 2012 was our safest year on record. Reportable injuries decreased 39% and loss-time accidents decreased 36%. I am very proud of our collective focus and commitment to make sure our employees go home safely each and every day. Let’s start with our financial results.  As we have previously discussed the hot summer weather certainly contributed to higher earnings in 2012. However excluding the impact of weather our non-GAAP 2012 earnings were 5% higher than the same measure for 2011 and the midpoint of our 2013 earnings guidance is forecasted to result in a weather normalized growth of 6% of a calendar year 2012. This is consistent with our five year, 5% to 7% weather-normalized long term earnings growth objective. We are updating our base year for our long term growth to the 2013 non-GAAP weather-normalized earnings of $2.93 per share. We also increased our common dividend to $1.88 per share annually which is the 4% increase over the 2012 dividend rate. Our long term objective is to maintain the targeted dividend in the rage of 60% to 70% of consolidated earnings. 2012 was also one of the largest capital deployment years in the company history totaling $1.2 billion. Included in this capital was the acquisition of the Riverside Energy Center, completion of the Franklin County wind farm, the installation of the SCR Edgewater Unit 5 and the beginning of construction of baghouses and scrubbers at our Ottumwa and Columbia facilities. Construction is proceeding well at these facilities and also at MidAm's Neal three and four units. The expected in-service dates for most of these environmental controls is 2014 but the new four projects will be in service later this year. In 2012, we also deployed approximately $200 million in our electric and gas distribution system and continue to see the reliability improvements from our investments. On the regulatory front, we recently received the IUB’s order of the new 11 year DAEC PPA which is effective with the expiration of the current contract in February 2014. All costs of the new DAEC PPA will flow through the energy adjustment cost. Issues were raised in the docket about the potential double recovery of the capacity cost if IPO does not file a new base rate case in 2014. Since the $135 million of DAEC capacity payments were included in 2009 base rates which was the last base rate case and starting in February 2014, all DAEC payments will flow through the energy adjustment clause. The IUB acknowledges IPL’s commitment to work with consumer advocate and large customer groups to resolve this issue before the EAC tariff changes. However, if the parties cannot resolve this issue, IPL will file a general rate case proceeding in the first quarter of 2014 along with the refund obligation with an effective date of the DAEC agreement of February 22, 2014. Any required refund is based upon the IUB’s final rate order in late 2014 and applied retroactively to February 22, 2014. We would like to extend the current three year base rate freeze that expires at the end of this year until the proposed Marshalltown generating plant is placed in service which is currently expected in the second quarter of 2017. We are developing a rate stabilization plan that we will avoid the news for multi-year rate cases and eliminate base rate volatility for our customers. To stabilize rates for our electric customers during the 2014 through March 2017 time period we will propose using the remaining funds available from the tax benefit rider. At the end of 2013 there will be an additional $230 million available to refund to electric customers. We remain committed and look forward to working with the Office of Consumer Advocate, industrial groups and other interested parties to reach agreement on a rate stabilization plan by February 2014. If a rate stabilization agreement cannot not be reached, the base rate case filed at early 2014 would include the recovery and return on rate base additions of approximately $500 million and other changes in revenue requirements since our 2009 test year case. We also anticipate that we would likely need additional rate cases before 2017 since electric rate base is expected to increase in late 2014 and 2015. As we have discussed in the past the DAEC capacity payments in base rates would offset the increase in revenue requirements. In November 2012 IPL filed applications with the Utilities Board, for advanced rate making principles and site approvals for the proposed Marshalltown generating plant. Our proposed advanced rate making principles include a fixed cost cap of $700 million excluding AFUDC and transmission upgrades.  And to return on common equity 11.25% with no application of double leverage. We expect a decision from the IUB by the end of this year. And we have included the regulatory milestones related to these filings and supplemental slide nine for reference. One of the milestones is intervener testimony which is scheduled to be filed today.  In July 2012, we filed the construction authorization request with the PSCW for a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater 5. We are expecting a deficient from the PSCW on these matters soon after the hearing on March 5th. Construction of this approximately $410 million project is expected to begin in 2014 and to be completed in 2016. In Wisconsin, we participated in transmission through our 16% increase in ATC. MISO's Transmission Owner Agreement requires that a project running between the facilities of two transmission owning members must be shared equally unless the parties agree otherwise.  In recent rulings, FERC has directed ATC to negotiate conditions for the shared ownership for two projects. One with ITC and the other was Xcel. 2015 will be the first year we would see any impact to earnings generated from our ATC ownership if appeals are unsuccessful and of other projects in do not fill a part or all of the void left in the capital expenditure plan as a result of these FERC decisions. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We will continue to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% common dividend payout target. We will make a great progress, transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced with lower emissions and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. We are focused on working safely, providing excellent customer service and improving reliability. And finally, we will manage our company focusing on operational and financial discipline with the goal of earning our authorized returns while minimizing customer rate volatility and increases. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom:  Good morning, everyone. Today we released our 2012 non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $3.05 per share, which is a $0.10 per share increase over 2011 non-GAAP results.  The growth in non-GAAP earnings is primarily a result of income taxes at IPL due to tax planning strategies, lower operations and maintenance expenses. Higher WPL retail fuel recoveries and higher AFUDC related to emission control projects.  The positive EPS drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation expense, higher capacity charges for nuclear purchase power agreements and record warm weather in the first quarter negatively impacting electric gas sales. 2012 weather resulted in positive earnings of $0.12 per share, $0.04 lower than 2011, weather impact of $0.16 per share. Comparisons between 2012 and 2011 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides 2, 3 and 4. The 2012 results reflect no material changes in weather normalized sales over 2011 and in 2013 we are forecasting no material changes in weather normalized sales or 2012. Sales trends between 2011 and 2012 weather normalized actual and 2013 estimate are illustrated on supplemental slide 5. The electric tax benefit rider resulted in no earnings impact for 2012, just like it had no earnings impact in 2011. The actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 electric tax benefit rider as well as the projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 electric and gas tax benefit riders are provided in supplemental slide 6. Turning to our financing plan, cash flows from operations are expected to stay strong since we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2015, and the 2013 cash flows will be impacted partially due to the credits to customer billed in accordance with IPLs tax benefit riders. Due to our current net operating loss position the extension of bonus depreciation is not expected to impact your financing plans prior 2015. With the extension of the bonus depreciation, we project approximately $150 million of cash in 2015. Also, if you look at bonus depreciation in isolation, we are forecasting a reduction of a previously released rate base estimates by approximately 20 million and 60 million in 2014 and 2015 respectively. These forecasted rate base amounts are projected to be evenly split between IPL and WPL. Last week we announced the redemption of IPLs 150 million, 8 and 3/8 preferred stock. Our current 2013 financing plan anticipates issuing long term debt and or preferred stock up to $500 million at IPL. Yesterday we announced the redemption of WPL's $60 million of preferred stock. We currently have no plans to replace the preferred stock at WPL. The impacts of these financings is included in the 2013 guidance. However the onetime charges related to the redemption are excluded from our 2013 guidance. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratio and credit metrics. Therefore we do not plan to issue any material new common equity in 2013.  We will continue to assess our future common equity needs based on their pending regulatory approvals for the Edgewater 5 scrubber baghouse and Marshalltown generating plant which we expect later this year. Let's review our 2013 guidance range of $2.95 to $2.25 per share, a walk from the 2012 non-GAAP weather normalized actuals to the 2013 estimated guidance midpoint is shown on supplemental slide 7. The 2013 guidance assumes normal weather, continued cost controls and approval from the IUB for the proposed $0.13 per share revenue requirement adjustment associated with the electric tax benefit rider, the 2013 guidance also reflects the impacts of WPL’s previously announced retail rate freeze and gas rate decrease and IPL’s base rate freeze and settlement of its gas rate case. The WPL rate freeze reflected electric rate-base growth as a result of the Riverside acquisition and placing the Edgewater 5 SCR in service at the end of 2012. The increase in electric revenue requirement for 2013 from these rate-base additions was completely offset by the impact of lower purchased power capacity cost from the Riverside PPA and the lower conservation expense resulting in no change to WPL's retail electric customers base rate in 2013. However, WPL expects increased earnings from the reduction in purchased power capacity and conservation costs. The 2013 guidance also reflect a decrease in rates from the reduction in WPL's base rates effective January first of this year. Our 2013 guidance range forecasts WPL earning its authorized return of 10.4%. Now, let’s turn our focus to IPL. IPL is in the last year of its current electric base-rate freeze. We forecast IPL to benefit from the proposed increase in electric revenues due to the proposed revenue requirement adjustment from the electric tax benefit rider, expected higher AFUDC from its environmental controls currently under construction and continued cost controls. These benefits are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Our 2013 guidance range forecasts, IPL earning is slightly less than its authorized return on common equity of approximately 10%.  As stated in our third quarter 2012 call, IPL’s revenue requirement adjustment proposed for 2013 under the tax benefit rider is based upon tax planning strategies which lead to the establishment of the electric tax benefit rider. If we had followed traditional rate making practices in IPL’s last electric rate case, these tax planning strategies would have reduced customer rates due to the tax benefits generated and increased customer rates due to the rate base impact from the changes in deferred taxes resulting in a net decrease in customer rates. Due to the materiality and uncertainty of these tax planning strategies, the IUB issued a 2010 accounting order to temporarily suspend the traditional Iowa ratemaking practices until IRS certainty was reached. In 2012, we have reached agreement with IRS on the benefits of these strategies through 2011 tax year. Thus, IPL submitted a proposal to the IUB in November 2012 to finalize the impact for the strategies in two ways. First, IPL proposed the final amount of the tax benefits from the IRS audit of these strategies to be reflected in the regulatory liability account available for tax benefit riders. At the end of the 2013, IPL expects to have approximately $265 million remaining in the regulatory liability account. Second, the increase to electric rate base is proposed as reduction to the regulatory liability account resulting in a $0.13 of additional earnings in 2013 as illustrated on supplemental slide seven. We anticipate a decision from the IUB in this matter before the end of the first quarter of this year. Given the changes expected in income taxes in 2013, supplemental slide eight has been provided to assist you in modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates for WPL and AEC. As you could see from the log, we are expecting lower effective tax rates in 2013 due to increased tax benefit rider billing credits and additional production tax credits. Turning to our regulatory calendar, we have several regulatory dockets of note in 2013, in addition to our pursuit of a rate stabilization plan which are summarized on slide nine. We expect three noteworthy decisions from the IUB in 2013. The first is a decision on the finalization of the electric tax benefit rider discussed earlier. The second relates to a decision regarding the settlements reached with the OCA related to the emissions plan and budget filings submitted by IPL and MidAm in April 2012. And the third is the construction authorization and rate-making principles for the purposed Marshalltown generating plant. The hearing for the Marshalltown project is scheduled for May 21st. In Wisconsin, we expect a decision from the Public Service Commission Wisconsin during the first half of 2013 regarding the Edgewater 5 scrubber and baghouse project. The hearing from this project is scheduled for March 5th. We very much appreciate continued support of our company. At this time I will turn back to you operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Hanson:  Good morning, everyone. Today we released our 2012 non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $3.05 per share, which is a $0.10 per share increase over 2011 non-GAAP results.  The growth in non-GAAP earnings is primarily a result of income taxes at IPL due to tax planning strategies, lower operations and maintenance expenses. Higher WPL retail fuel recoveries and higher AFUDC related to emission control projects.  The positive EPS drivers were partially offset by higher depreciation expense, higher capacity charges for nuclear purchase power agreements and record warm weather in the first quarter negatively impacting electric gas sales. 2012 weather resulted in positive earnings of $0.12 per share, $0.04 lower than 2011, weather impact of $0.16 per share. Comparisons between 2012 and 2011 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides 2, 3 and 4. The 2012 results reflect no material changes in weather normalized sales over 2011 and in 2013 we are forecasting no material changes in weather normalized sales or 2012. Sales trends between 2011 and 2012 weather normalized actual and 2013 estimate are illustrated on supplemental slide 5. The electric tax benefit rider resulted in no earnings impact for 2012, just like it had no earnings impact in 2011. The actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 electric tax benefit rider as well as the projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 electric and gas tax benefit riders are provided in supplemental slide 6. Turning to our financing plan, cash flows from operations are expected to stay strong since we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2015, and the 2013 cash flows will be impacted partially due to the credits to customer billed in accordance with IPLs tax benefit riders. Due to our current net operating loss position the extension of bonus depreciation is not expected to impact your financing plans prior 2015. With the extension of the bonus depreciation, we project approximately $150 million of cash in 2015. Also, if you look at bonus depreciation in isolation, we are forecasting a reduction of a previously released rate base estimates by approximately 20 million and 60 million in 2014 and 2015 respectively. These forecasted rate base amounts are projected to be evenly split between IPL and WPL. Last week we announced the redemption of IPLs 150 million, 8 and 3/8 preferred stock. Our current 2013 financing plan anticipates issuing long term debt and or preferred stock up to $500 million at IPL. Yesterday we announced the redemption of WPL's $60 million of preferred stock. We currently have no plans to replace the preferred stock at WPL. The impacts of these financings is included in the 2013 guidance. However the onetime charges related to the redemption are excluded from our 2013 guidance. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratio and credit metrics. Therefore we do not plan to issue any material new common equity in 2013.  We will continue to assess our future common equity needs based on their pending regulatory approvals for the Edgewater 5 scrubber baghouse and Marshalltown generating plant which we expect later this year. Let's review our 2013 guidance range of $2.95 to $2.25 per share, a walk from the 2012 non-GAAP weather normalized actuals to the 2013 estimated guidance midpoint is shown on supplemental slide 7. The 2013 guidance assumes normal weather, continued cost controls and approval from the IUB for the proposed $0.13 per share revenue requirement adjustment associated with the electric tax benefit rider, the 2013 guidance also reflects the impacts of WPL’s previously announced retail rate freeze and gas rate decrease and IPL’s base rate freeze and settlement of its gas rate case. The WPL rate freeze reflected electric rate-base growth as a result of the Riverside acquisition and placing the Edgewater 5 SCR in service at the end of 2012. The increase in electric revenue requirement for 2013 from these rate-base additions was completely offset by the impact of lower purchased power capacity cost from the Riverside PPA and the lower conservation expense resulting in no change to WPL's retail electric customers base rate in 2013. However, WPL expects increased earnings from the reduction in purchased power capacity and conservation costs. The 2013 guidance also reflect a decrease in rates from the reduction in WPL's base rates effective January first of this year. Our 2013 guidance range forecasts WPL earning its authorized return of 10.4%. Now, let’s turn our focus to IPL. IPL is in the last year of its current electric base-rate freeze. We forecast IPL to benefit from the proposed increase in electric revenues due to the proposed revenue requirement adjustment from the electric tax benefit rider, expected higher AFUDC from its environmental controls currently under construction and continued cost controls. These benefits are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Our 2013 guidance range forecasts, IPL earning is slightly less than its authorized return on common equity of approximately 10%.  As stated in our third quarter 2012 call, IPL’s revenue requirement adjustment proposed for 2013 under the tax benefit rider is based upon tax planning strategies which lead to the establishment of the electric tax benefit rider. If we had followed traditional rate making practices in IPL’s last electric rate case, these tax planning strategies would have reduced customer rates due to the tax benefits generated and increased customer rates due to the rate base impact from the changes in deferred taxes resulting in a net decrease in customer rates. Due to the materiality and uncertainty of these tax planning strategies, the IUB issued a 2010 accounting order to temporarily suspend the traditional Iowa ratemaking practices until IRS certainty was reached. In 2012, we have reached agreement with IRS on the benefits of these strategies through 2011 tax year. Thus, IPL submitted a proposal to the IUB in November 2012 to finalize the impact for the strategies in two ways. First, IPL proposed the final amount of the tax benefits from the IRS audit of these strategies to be reflected in the regulatory liability account available for tax benefit riders. At the end of the 2013, IPL expects to have approximately $265 million remaining in the regulatory liability account. Second, the increase to electric rate base is proposed as reduction to the regulatory liability account resulting in a $0.13 of additional earnings in 2013 as illustrated on supplemental slide seven. We anticipate a decision from the IUB in this matter before the end of the first quarter of this year. Given the changes expected in income taxes in 2013, supplemental slide eight has been provided to assist you in modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates for WPL and AEC. As you could see from the log, we are expecting lower effective tax rates in 2013 due to increased tax benefit rider billing credits and additional production tax credits. Turning to our regulatory calendar, we have several regulatory dockets of note in 2013, in addition to our pursuit of a rate stabilization plan which are summarized on slide nine. We expect three noteworthy decisions from the IUB in 2013. The first is a decision on the finalization of the electric tax benefit rider discussed earlier. The second relates to a decision regarding the settlements reached with the OCA related to the emissions plan and budget filings submitted by IPL and MidAm in April 2012. And the third is the construction authorization and rate-making principles for the purposed Marshalltown generating plant. The hearing for the Marshalltown project is scheduled for May 21st. In Wisconsin, we expect a decision from the Public Service Commission Wisconsin during the first half of 2013 regarding the Edgewater 5 scrubber and baghouse project. The hearing from this project is scheduled for March 5th. We very much appreciate continued support of our company. At this time I will turn back to you operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Operator: 
 :
John Ali - Decade Capital: I was wondering your CAGR is 5 to 7%, what is the new base and how many years of that expand you.
Susan Gille:  Sure at the beginning of the call we mentioned that the new base of the 2012 non-GAAP revised earnings so that number is $2.93 per share and we should go out five years and its five years.
Operator:  Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann:  I apologize but if you could just run through the impacts of bonus depreciation again at the two utilities that would be helpful.
Susan Gille: Yes, Brian we are going to see the cash benefit in 2015 and that's because of our annual NOL. However we will see a rate base reduction in 2014 and 2015 of 20 and $60 million. So if we would just look at that in isolation that's what we would see In terms of the rate base reduction compared to the information we've previously shared.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: But the cash for the tax benefit of about $150 million.
Susan Gille: We will be receiving that in 2015.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: So $150 million of cash benefit in the cash flow statement in 2015 and then the $20 and $60 million in '14, '15 rate base adjustments are split evenly between the two utilities?
Tom Hanson: That is correct.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: So, when we look at your total rate base of 5.6 billion or so this bonus depreciation seems to be fairly immaterial.  
Tom Hanson: That is correct.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: The Marshalltown review approval process, can you just comment on the RFP process that I think has concluded?
Susan Gille: There is two RFPs processes so I apologize if I go back in history a little bit. We recently did an RFP process to see if there was a better alternative to the market Marshalltown facility and that's when the DAAC proposal was put on the table as well. There is another RFP process going on right now for the construction of the facility and that's still underway.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann:  Okay, so do we have any details on the outcome of the first RFP on other alternatives?
Pat Kampling:  Yes and that's part of the - that'll be part of the case.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay so it's not public yet?
Pat Kampling: No.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, got you. And then lastly just the IPO rate stabilization plan that you're working on, any idea on the timing of when we might see a filing?
Pat Kampling: Brian, I wish I could give you timing at this point but we really can't. We'll be working with all the interested parties and make sure that we get to conclusion on this, but I don’t want to commit some time frame at this point.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, so maybe second half of '13 type of filing?
Pat Kampling: We can't speculate at this point.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Andy Bischoff with Morningstar.
Andy Bischoff - Morningstar: Actually just kind of a clarifying question. Could you walk through again, your plans for redeeming the preferreds and the debt plans?
Tom Hanson: In IPL as I mentioned we did release a press release last week indicating that we were going to redeem all of the 150 million of outstanding preferreds and our financing plan at IPL includes an anticipated issuance, it's up to $500 million of long-term debt and or preferred stock in 2013. And at WPL we've issued the press release stating that we are redeeming that 60 million of preferred stock and is not our plan to replace the preferred stock at WPL. 
Operator:  We'll go next to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie : My first question is, I just want to make sure I understood the comments around the potential rate cases. I understand you'd like to extend the rate freeze until Marshalltown comes into service, but that you may need to file a rate case about a year from now if things don’t work the way you're hoping. Did I hear you say that you also might need additional rate cases between those two or would it be one or the other?
Pat Kampling: We would need to file a case a year from now and then likely file another case before 2017. So we would want to…
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie : Is it possible to have a multiyear plan instead of possibly three rate cases over 4 years?
Pat Kampling: That's why we considered a rate stabilization plan. Yes that's definitely our preference because we do not like the volatility on our customer's base rates.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie : Okay, remind me the timing of when you would have an idea about that?
Pat Kampling: Yes, we'll be working on that this year. Again, Brian had the same question, I really can’t commit to any time frame but we will need to get this done before, before February of 2014, but our goal would be to get something done this year. I just can’t commit to a time frame at this point. 
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie : Okay, fair enough, and then my only other question you mentioned no equity needs in 2013 in light of the 150 million of cash that you're expecting two years later, any thoughts on the longer term outlook for equity needs. I know it’ll depend on approvals for Edge 5 and Marshalltown, but maybe some of the best case and worst case scenarios.
Tom Hanson: Certainly the bonus depreciation will help in that respect but as we get until we get the order from the public service commission here within Wisconsin relating to Edge 5 and the Marshalltown approval, it's premature at this time to be stating any specifics in terms of those future equity needs. But the point is the bonus depreciation certainly will help in that regard and as said, as we get those two orders which were expected this year we'll be able to add more clarity in terms of those potential future needs.
Operator: We go next to Eli Kraicer with Millennium Partners.
Eli Kraicer - Millennium Partners: Just had a question regarding the regulatory approval process for the CCGT, are there hearings coming in May regarding that, is that correct.
Pat Kampling: Yes, the testimony will be filed today and the hearing's on, if you look at schedule 9 in the attached slides hearing's on May 21st.
Eli Kraicer - Millennium Partners: Okay and how shall we think, is there any interrelation between the regulatory process regarding the approval for the rating parameters for the plan and how you will ultimately deal or discuss the post 2013 rates for IPL or the two issues at all related or how should we think about that.
Pat Kampling: Yes, you know Steve, we actually consider this our strategy so we are relating the issues, however we stated that the rate stabilization plan would like to go through on the date when the Marshalltown plant will be in service. So it will not be including a rate stabilization due to this facility itself, but up to that point.
Eli Kraicer - Millennium Partners: Okay, maybe I’ll follow up offline on that.
Pat Kampling: Okay but we would expect to have to file a rate case in 2017 for the Marshalltown gas plant.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Levi with Avon Capital. 
Andy Levi - Avon Capital: Just back on the rate stabilization plan, I think you had discussed your desire to possibly work out a settlement on this first going through a full proceeding, can you give us an update on whether talks have begun and kind of what’s the status of that is at this point? I know it’s early, but any information would be great?
Pat Kampling : The information that I can provide is that the interested parties are well aware of our intentions here and the goal is to stabilize rates for our customers. I really cannot say much more than that at this point.
Operator:  And the next is Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann 
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Can you remind us of the amount and the timing of when that parent debt matures in 2014, the (inaudible) related?
Tom Hanson :  Yes, it’s October 2014.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and what’s the interest, what’s the rate on that?
Tom Hanson : 4%.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann:  And how much is it?
Tom Hanson: 250 million.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and where does that, kind of flow through the income statement. Is it in the other non-rank and parent classification?
Tom Hanson: Yes-yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille : With no more questions, that concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 21, 2013 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Caller should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager, IR Pat Kampling – Chairman, President, CEO Tom Hanson – Vice President, CFO
Analysts: Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann 
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy's third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter 2012 earnings, updated 2012 earnings guidance, updated 2012 through 2016 capital expenditure guidance and 2013 earnings guidance and dividend target. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. I addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.aliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. First, on behalf of all the employees at Alliant Energy, I'd like to offer our encouragement and support for those of you impacted by hurricane Sandy. We hope that you, your families and your businesses are on a path to recovery and with you all the very best. I must recognize the over 200 dedicated Alliant Energy employees who have been working in New York. I also want to thank them and their families for the personal sacrifices they have made to help those in need. And to many of you on the call, our employees certainly appreciate the gratitude and encouragement you've shown our crews as you've seen them in your neighborhood. However, a very special thanks go to our employees who are maintaining the excellent customer service and liability here at home while our crews are away. I couldn't be prouder of the compassion, work ethic and dedicated of our entire organization. And speaking of dedication, with Veteran's Day just a few days away, I would also like to take a moment and pay tribute to the 400 proud veterans that work here at Alliant Energy and to those veterans that are on the call with us today. This morning, we issued a press release that provided third quarter results, revised 2012 earnings guidance, a slight revision to the capital expenditures for 2012 through 2016 and earnings guidance and a targeted dividend level to 2013. Tom will provide the detail on the quarterly financial results and year-end 2012 and 2013 projections. But in summary, I am pleased to let you know that for 2012, the midpoint o the guidance increased by $0.07, the targeted 2013 dividend level is 4.5% above current levels and adjusting 2012 for weather impacts, the 2013 midpoint of guidance is 10% above expected 2012 results. This is consistent with our 5% to 7% weather normalized long-term earnings growth goals and targeted dividend payout ratio of 50% to 70% of earnings. Supplemental Slide 2 provides the comparison to our current 2012 and 2013 guidance midpoints. The 2012 guidance on this page includes the $0.14 of weather benefits, therefore, is not weather normalized. Much of the focus over the last year has been on IPO's regulatory strategy for the orderly transition of our generating fleet with the objective of managing total customer costs. Our regulatory strategy is impacted by a number of key initiatives, including the 2013 expiration of our Iowa retail electric based rate freeze for post extension of the DACPPA, several initial control investments, the proposed Marshalltown Generating Station and the disposition of the remaining electric tax benefit writer funds. Our objective is to continue to pursue a solution with Iowa stakeholders to stabilize retail electric base rates until the Marshalltown generating station is in service in 2017. This objective is achievable since we expect that the decline in revenue requirements related to the DAC capacity payments will be offset by increase I cost of service and rate base through 2016. Approximately three months ago, IPL (inaudible) to the DAC sale docket to request approval from the IUB, an 11 year extension of the PPA and recovery of new charters through the energy adjustment clause. The hearing on this matter will be held in December and we are expecting a decision on this filing in 2013. Currently, $135 million is expected in Iowa retail electric base rates for the DAC capacity payment. The current purchase power agreement ends in February 2014 and that year's capacity payment totals $28 million. IN the event a base rate settlement is not reached for years 2014 to 2016, we are prepared to file a test year 2013 retail electric rate case in early 2014. We would expect the 2013 rate base and that portion of the 2014 rate base addition that occurred prior to the filing date to be included in interim rates. A majority of the 2014 rate base would be included in final rates. Supplemental Slide 3 shows a projected IPO rate base for 2013 through 2015. As you can see from the slide, rate base is expected to grow from the time of the rate freeze until 2014 at over 20% or $600 million. The projected 2014 rate base does include the (kneel) three and four (inaudible) mission controls projects. Later this month, we plan to file an application wit the Iowa utilities board for advanced rate making principles and site approval for the Marshalltown generating station. Our proposed advanced rate making principles included fixed costs after $700 million excluding (AFEDC) and transmission upgrades for a return on common equity of 11.25% and no double leverage penalty. (Inaudible) to the filing and the expected regulatory approval schedule are included in supplemental Slide 4. We expect the decision from the IUB approximately 12 months after filing. We anticipate the Marshalltown generating station by itself would increase customer rates approximately 7% in 2017 and another 3% in 2018. This assumes an April 2017 in service date. The electric tax benefit writer will continue to be used to mitigate overall customer cost at IPL. There is still approximately $250 million remaining to be refunded back to customers starting in 2013. We will work with stakeholders to develop an appropriate refund plan to best stabilize rates. Next, let me quickly brief you on all of our construction activities. We currently have over 500 contract workers on the property assisting with all our projects. The construction of the scrubber and (back half) at our (Tummer) facility is transitioning from foundation work to steel erection and this project is expected to be in service in 2014. In addition, (Mid America) is currently installing (bag houses) and scrubbers new units three and four. A portion of these projects will be going into service in 2013 and remain through 2014. In Wisconsin, construction of the Edgewater 5 SCR and Columbia units one and two (bag house) and scrubber is well underway. We are pleased to report that the Edge 5 SCR tie and outage is complete within budget and performance testing has begun. The controls are expected to be in service by the end of this year. Steel work is underway at Columbia and the project is expected to be in service in the first half of 2014. Both of these projects were factored into the WPL retail investor grade settlement for 2013 and 2014. In July, we filed the construction authorization request with the PSCW for a scrubber and (bag house) at Edgewater 5. We expect approval in mid 2013 and construction will be approximately $410 million project is expected to begin in 2014 and be completed in 2016. By the end of this year, we will be adding two generating facilities to our fleet, which are the Riverside Energy Center and our unregulated Franklin County Wind Farm. All regulatory approvals are now in hand for WPL's $395 million purchase of the Riverside Energy Center. With the addition of the 95 megawatts of capacity at Edgewater Unit 5 and the incremental 100 megawatts of capacity upon the purchase of Riverside, WPL has almost fully replaced the capacity that will be lost in the 2013 expiration of the (Kuwana) PPA. (Dominion)'s plan to shut down (Kuwana) in the middle of 2013 is not expected to have a material impact on WPL. The contract terms will remain in effect through the end of 2013. At the Franklin County Wind Farm, I am pleased to report that construction is substantially complete and over one-third of the megawatts have been commissioned and are in test mode. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $235 million, excluding capitalized interest cost. Since this project is schedule to be in service by year-end, it will allow us to elect a cash grant option. We continue to seek and all-take contract for the facility but in the mean time we will be selling this power into the my sell market. Our 2012 through 2016 capital expenditure plan has been updated slightly to reflect current timelines for all of our construction projects. Our new detailed capital expenditure plan is provided in the earnings release we issued this morning and the WPL, IPL split of these expenditures will provided in the third quarter 10-Q filing, which will be submitted to the SEC today. Before handing off to Tom, I am pleased to inform you that we have signed a letter of intent on the sell of RMT. We are currently working on the final details of the sale and expect to close in December. Let me summarize the key messages for today. We continue to meet our 5% to 7% earnings growth and 60% to 70% dividend payout target. We've increased the midpoint and now with the range of 2012 earnings guidance, provided earnings and divided guidance for 2013. We are making great progress on transforming our generating portfolio to one that is balanced with lower emissions and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. We are focused on working safely, providing excellent customer service and improving reliability. And finally, we will manage our company focusing on operational and financial discipline with the goal of earning our authorized returns while minimizing customer rate increases. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released third quarter earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations went down to $0.34 per share. There are no adjustments to GAAP earnings this quarter. 2012 third quarter earnings are up over third quarter 2011 primarily due to the impacts of warmer weather and the timing of the electric tax benefit writer. These positive EPS drivers were personally offset by expected increases in depreciation and new purchase power capacity expenses. Comparisons between third quarter 2012 and 2011 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental Slides 5, 6 and 7. The third quarter 2012 weather resulted in positive earnings on electric sales of $0.20 per share, $0.04 higher than third quarter 2011 weather impact of $0.16 per share. Year to date, weather increased earnings $0.14 in 2012. With the higher earnings from the summer weather, we are planning to incur some additional expenses in the fourth quarter to get a head start on some key operational initiatives. These initiatives include tree trimming, providing our field and plant employees with flame retardant pants and enhancing our business continuity planning. As a result of the earnings impacts of the weather and these initiatives, we narrowed the 2012 earnings guidance range to $2.90 to $3.05 per share. As a reminder, our 2012 guidance was based on no material growth in weather normalized sales between 2011 and 2012 and that is still our forecast for this year as well as next year. Sales trends are illustrated on supplemental Slide 8 and 9. The electric tax benefit writer resulted in quarter-over-quarter variation in IPL and (apparent) of $0.04 per share of higher earnings in the third quarter of 2012 when compared to the third quarter of 2011. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact on the 2012 as well as the actual quarterly impact on the 2011 electric tax benefit writer was provided in the earnings release issued this morning. As demonstrated in the earnings release, the electric tax benefit writer quarterly timing issue is not anticipated to impact full-year 2012 results. The walk from the 2011 to 2012 projected effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC is provided on supplemental Slide 10. Turning to our financing plan, we believe that with our strong cash flow and financing plan we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt up to $375 million in the third – in the fourth quarter of 2012 including up to $300 million for the acquisition of Riverside. During the third quarter of this year, our service company issued $75 million of debt to finance the acquisition of our corporate headquarters building and general working capital. We do not plan on issuing any material new common equity through 2013. We will continue to assess our future equity needs based on the regulatory approvals received for the various large capital spending projects that we are proposing and also based on our ongoing assessment of evolving market conditions. Cash flows from operations are expected to stay strong since we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2015. These cash flows will be partially offset with credits to customer builds in accordance with IPL's tax benefit writer. Now, let's review our 2013 guidance. This morning we issued our consolidated 2013 guidance range of $2.95 to $3.25 per share. A walk from the midpoint of the 2012 to the 2013 estimated guidance ranges is shown on supplemental Slide 11. Starting with utilities, the 2013 guidance assumes normal weather and is based upon the impacts of WPL's previously announced electric retail rate freeze and gas rate decrease and IPL's proposed settlement of its gas rate case. The WPL rate case reflected electric rate-based growth as a result of the Riverside acquisition and placing the Edgewater 5 SCR in service at the end of 2012. The increase in electric revenue requirement for 2013 from these rate-based additions was completely offset by the impact of lower purchase power capacity cost from the Riverside PPA and the lower conservation expense resulting in no change to WPL's retail electric customers base rate in 2013. Despite no change in WPL's electric customers base rates, WPL expects to increase earnings from the reduction in purchase power capacity and conservation costs. The 2013 guidance also reflect a decrease in earnings from the $13 million annual reduction in WPL's gas base rates effective January 1, 2013. Our 2013 guidance range forecast that WPL is expected to earn close to its authorized return of equity of 10.4% and we expect to infuse $100 million of equity from the parent into IPL later this year for the Riverside acquisition. Now, turning to IPL, IPL is forecasted to benefit from the increase in electric revenues from a revenue requirement adjustment proposed with the finalization of the amounts for its electric tax benefit writer, higher ACDC from is environmental control projects currently under construction and lower income tax expense from certain tax projects. These benefits are expected to be partially offset by higher DACPPA capacity costs as well as higher depreciation expense in 2013 when compared to 2012. Our 2013 guidance range forecast, that IPL is expected to earn slightly below its authorized average return on equity of approximately 10%. The revenue requirement adjustment proposed for 2013 is based upon three tax projects which were initiated prior to IPL's 2009 test year retail electric rate case which led to the establishment of the electric tax benefit writer. These projects were the allocation of flood insurer's proceeds, the allocation of mixed service cost and the deduction of additional repair expenditures. If we had followed traditional Iowa rate making practices in IPL's last electric rate case, these projects would have changed customer rates by reducing tax expenses and increasing rate base. Due to the materiality and uncertainty of these projects, the IUB issued an account order in 2010 to temporarily suspend the traditional Iowa rate making practices and not reflect these projects in rates until IRS certainty was reached. We have now reached agreement with the IRS on the benefits of these three projects through the 2011 tax year. With certainty achieved, IPL's proposing to finalize the reconciliation of rate impacts for these three projects to reflect traditional Iowa rate making practices in two ways. First, the reduction of tax expense will be updated to reflect the final amount of billing credits available to electric customers based on IRS audit results. Second, the increase to electric rate base will be proposed as an adjustment to the billing credits, which is expected to result in $0.13 of additional revenues in 2013 as illustrated on supplemental Slide 12. This proposal has been reflected in the 2013 tax benefit writer filing, which is expected to be made with the IUB in November 2012. Given the changes expected in the income tax for 2013, supplemental Slide 13 has been provided to assist you with modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates at IPL, WPL and AEC. Finally, with respect to our guidance, we turn to the projections for the parent and non-regulated businesses. We forecast that the transportation business remains steady, earnings per share between $0.11 to $0.13. The parent will continue paying interest on $250 million of debt at an interest rate of 4%. The Franklin County Wind Farm will be fully operational by the end of 2012. We are still investigating off take options for this facility. Our 2013 guidance assumes this facility will operate as a merchant generator in 2013 at an estimated $0.04 loss. The loss, primarily due to lower expected short-term electricity prices as well as interest and depreciation expenses that begin with the start of operations. The forecasted weather normalized EPS growth from the midpoint of 2012 earnings guidance to the midpoint of 2013 earnings guidance is 10%. This growth contributes to our forecasted long-term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7% based upon weather normalized 2010 earnings of $2.62 per share. Turning to our regulatory calendar, we have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for the rest of 2012 and for the first quarter of 2013 which are summarized on Slide 14. In December, the IUB has two scheduled hearings relating to IPL filings. The first is for the Iowa gas case. In August of this year, a settlement agreement was filed with the IUB which contains an annual $11 million gas increase. As part of this settlement, we propose to use a temporary gas tax benefit writer of approximately $36 million to minimize the impact to customer rates. This amount is expected to be spread over a three-year period. The second hearing in December will address our request for approval of the new DACPPA which would start in February 2014. We are expecting four decisions from the IUB during the first quarter 2013. The first relates decisions concerning the emission plan and budget filings submitted by IPL and (Mid-American) in April 2012. IPL and (Mid-American) recently filed settlements reached with the OCA for the emission control projects at (George Neal), (Otamwa) and (Lancing) generating facilities. The second decision is regarding our proposal to change the Iowa energy adjustment rules to include costs or credits resulting from future EPA rule changes, emission control chemicals and renewable energy credit revenues as well as an option to include production tax credits. The third is a decision on the November filing to the 2013 retail electric tax benefit writer credits and related revenue requirement adjustment for 2013 being proposed. And the fourth is the transmission cost factor for 2013. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with you at EEI. The slides to be discussed at EEI will be posted on our website later today. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Tom, quick question, the contract cancellation that you have in the quarter-over-quarter walk, I assume that's Riverside. Can you confirm what that is?
Tom Hanson: No, that is a long-term service agreement at (Emry) that we're stepping out of.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: So that's almost a non-recurrer. That's something that we won't see again.
Tom Hanson: That is correct.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And then, Pat, on the Franklin County plant, I noted that we're now looking for a loss and certainly a contract could potentially mitigate that. But how do you think about sale opportunities of that asset? Obviously an unregulated wind is probably not core to what you're trying to accomplish.
Pat Kampling: Jay, we went down this path. We knew this was the least risky option for us was just to complete the site before the tax credits expire. We're still open to many different ideas on what to do with the facility. Right now, we're just willing to ride the my sell market even though the costs are lower just because of the long-term pricing of PPAs right now. So we're definitely open for all types of options on that as we go forward.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And that $0.04 reflects current market environment.
Pat Kampling: Yes, yes.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Then on the Iowa rate base that you included in the supplemental slides, does that include quip or not include quip?
Tom Hanson: It does not include quip.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Given the changes in the CapEx – I know it was only about $50 million net across the 2012 to 2016 – would the quip balances change a lot from what you had previously disclosed appreciating that they'll likely be included in the slides that you published this afternoon?
Tom Hanson: No, no.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: I apologize because I got on the call a little bit late. The Iowa rate proposal, has that been filed yet or should we expect that shortly?
Tom Hanson: That will be filed here in November. Well, I should say probably at the end of November.
Pat Kampling: Are you talking about the Marshalltown generating station, Brian?
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: No, I'm referring to a proposed rate structure in 2014.
Pat Kampling: No, that has not been filed. We are still working with the stakeholders to find an appropriate method to come up with the rate stabilization plan. We can talk to you when we see you at the EEI over the weekend. But you'll see in the slides that we posted the rate base additions will be really offsetting the reduction in the capacity payment.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Just to clarify, the rate base numbers for IPL in the current slides that's after any deferred tax adjustment, correct?
Pat Kampling: That's true, yes.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Then just on the rate stabilization plan, I think you said earlier the goal is to keep rates where they are and backfill it with CapEx. Would you be in a position of overearning in 2014 and, therefore, you might look to implement some sort of ROE sharing band?
Pat Kampling: That's definitely open. The overearning, though, is not going to be very meaningful, Brian, as you look at the additional rate base that's been – will be added to IPL.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: And if I heard you correctly, if you don't reach a rate stabilization plan settlement you'll file in '13 in IPL for rates in '14 and also include 2014 rate base in that.
Pat Kampling: Yes, what we'll do, Brian, is file at the end of the first quarter in '14, which is really the '13 rate base. But you can also file for first quarter additions to rate base, so it will be a hybrid of '13 plus the first quarter additions to '14 that we'll file if we have to go down that path.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Then on the 2013 guidance, I noticed this $0.11 year-over-year positive for higher PTCs and change in tax accounting that's related to property. Could you just add some background on that?
Tom Hanson: Yes, with respect to the higher PPCs, we would expect there would be additional generation from the (Ben Tree) project and, to a lesser degree, at Whispering Willow East and then the tax method change that we're proposing is that this would allow us to take an immediate deduction for cost removal items in IPL service territory which would then allow us to capture the benefit that we have highlighted on Slide 11.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Is that ongoing?
Tom Hanson: Yes. That would be a change in method on a going forward basis. So we would continue to see some continuation of that benefit in future years.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: And then what's the load growth assumption in '13 versus '12?
Tom Hanson: In the supplemental slides, we have identified that but the reality is it's virtually flat. We have a slide that shows '11 to '12 and then '12 to '13 but for all intensive purposes it's flat.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 16th 2012 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Alliant Energy's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Hanson, Vice President and CFO; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's second quarter 2012 earnings. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll now turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. This morning we issued a press release providing 2nd quarter results, new capital guidance for 2012 through 2016, and affirming our 2012 earnings guidance range of $2.75 to $3.05. It has been a hot and dry summer. In fact, IPL's service territory reached a new peak load last week. Our facilities and system have been operating well and I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their dedication in meeting our customers' needs in very challenging working conditions. June's warm weather did help us to recover about half the negative earnings from the first quarter, when we experienced a warm winter. Including the expected results from the hot July, we now estimate that we are trending toward the top end of our 2012 earning guidance range. This guidance assumes that we have normal weather for August through December. Recently, Alliant Energy received our highest ranking ever in the J.D. Power electric utility Residential Customer Satisfaction survey. We took second place out of 16 electric companies in the Midwest large utility segment, I am so proud that the hard work and dedication from all of our employees has been recognized by our customers. It has been a busy week as we have been communicating our generation strategies for our utilities. Our plan provides an orderly transition of our fleet and gives us the flexibility to ensure that we can cost-effectively, safely, and reliably meet the energy needs of our customers while managing current and emerging environmental regulations. Our plan includes increasing the amount of gas-fired generation in our portfolio, retrofitting our Tier 1 coal plants, evaluating less expensive emissions controls or repowering to gas for our Tier 2 units, and retiring our smaller and less efficient units which are no longer cost effective to operate and maintain. Focusing first on IPL, our plans call for construction of a new 600 megawatt combined cycle gas plant and 11-year Purchase Power Agreement with NextEra Energy Resources. As you recall, IPL completed an extensive RFP and due diligence process in the first half of 2012. We believe that the combined solution of competitively priced purchased power from DAEC and construction of a new natural gas-fired facility is the best way to meet the capacity and energy needs of our IPL customers while maintaining a reasonable cost of power by utilizing a balanced portfolio of resources. On the PPA, we have a new agreement with NextEra Energy Resources to continue to receive 70% of the output from the Duane Arnold Energy center. This new PPA will commence on the expiration of the existing PPA in February 2014, and will go until December 2025. IPL will seek regulatory approval of this PPA next week as IPL plans to file with the IUB, an amendment to the DAEC sale docket. The existing PPA was a key component of the original DAEC IUB application, and filing this amendment is the best path to receive regulatory approval. By statute, the IUB has six months to render a decision in this docket. DAEC's capacity expenses will cease with the expiration of the existing PPA and we will submit a tariff filing to receive recovery of the new PPA through the energy adjustment clause. Now let me discuss the proposed new gas plant. In the fourth quarter of this year, IPL plans to file, under Iowa House File 577, for advanced rate making principles and site approval with the IUB, to construct an approximately 600 megawatt, combined-cycle natural gas-fired generating station located in Marshalltown, Iowa. We would expect IUB approval approximately 12 months after filing an air permitting and pipeline approval within six months after that. The anticipated in-service date for the new generating station will be the second quarter of 2017. The cost of the new gas-fired generating station is estimated to be $700 million. On supplemental slide 2, we have provided you with IPL's anticipated MISO credited capacity changes through 2017. If you exclude the current DAEC PPA, IPL would currently be short capacity requirements by approximately 450 megawatts and we would still need to fill an additional 23% of our energy needs. Similar to our coal fleet, we to our coal fleet, we have tiered our gas generation fleet, which includes intermediate, peaking and recently repowered units. Based upon operating characteristics, we expect some of these units to be retired by 2017, making IPL short of its capacity requirements by approximately 850 megawatts. The renewal of the DAEC PPA and the proposed new gas facility are expected to meet the projected capacity requirements and assist in fulfilling both, capacity and energy needs for 2017 and beyond. Turning now to emission control projects in Iowa, we have finalized the engineering, procurement and construction contract for the scrubber and bag house at our Ottumwa facility and will have a ground breaking ceremony there later this month. IPL's portion of the total capacity [expensed] for this project, excluding AFUDC is currently estimated to be approximately $160 million. In addition, MidAmerican is currently installing bag houses and scrubbers at Neal units 3 and 4. IPL's portion of the total capital expenditures, excluding AFUDC, is estimated to be approximately $130 million. Moving to WP&L, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and FERC have already approved WPL's purchase of the Riverside Energy Center. In July, WPL filed the Hart-Scott-Rodino application which is the last regulatory approval needed for this purchase. We expect to know the result of this application by the end of this month, and we expect the purchase to occur at the end of this year. With last year's acquisition of the 95 megawatt stake of Edgewater Unit 5, and the scheduled addition of 100 megawatts of capacity upon the purchase of Riverside, WPL has almost fully replaced the capacity that will be lost with the expiration of the PPA with the Kewaunee nuclear plant. Therefore, we do not plan to renew the 234 megawatt Kewaunee PPA which expires at the end of 2013. To meet customers' near-term energy needs however, WPL will rely on market purchases and short term PPAs. Last week, we announced our plans to retire Edgewater Unit 3 and the Nelson Dewey Units. Unlike Iowa, our Wisconsin jurisdiction currently has capacity in excess of requirements, primarily due to the load lost in 2009 with the shutdown of the GM plant and its associated business. With our current capacity, we can reliably meet our customers' needs even with the retirements of these units. Earlier this year, the PSCW approved WPL's depreciation study which modified the asset lives of Edgewater 3 and the Nelson Dewey units. As a result, we expect recovery of these assets over the next 10 years. Before I move on, I would like to provide some insight regarding our decision to retire certain generating facilities. The decision to retire facilities is not taken lightly. It is based on the age of the units, competitiveness of the units, as well as current and proposed environmental regulations. We are announcing our plans to retire these facilities now, so we may start working with MISO, regulators, the local communities and our hardworking and dedicated employees impacted by these retirements, so that they may find other jobs within the company. Our goal is to provide a cleaner generating fleet while meeting our customers' energy needs in a safe, reliable and cost-effective manner. To that end, we are in the construction phase of the Edgewater 5 SCR and Columbia units 1 and 2 baghouse and scrubber projects. We are pleased to report that the Edgewater 5 project is proceeding within budget and is a bit ahead of schedule. The project's capital expenditures excluding AFUDC, are estimated to be $150 million and the controls are expected to be in-service by the end of 2012. Construction is progressing well on the approximately $630 million baghouse and scrubber project at Columbia. WPL's portion of this project is approximately $300 million and the controls are expected to be in-service in the first half of 2014. Last week, we filed a construction authorization request with the PSCW for a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater 5. We expect approval in mid-2013 and construction of the approximately $410 million project is expected to begin in 2014 and completed in 2016. Our 2012 through 2016 capital expenditure plan has been updated to reflect a one-year delay in the in-service date for the new IPL gas facility, and the acceleration of the Edgewater Unit 5 scrubber baghouse by one year. A walk of the changes from the capital expenditure plan released in February to our current capital expenditure plan is provided on supplemental slide three. Our new detailed capital expenditure plan is provided in the earnings release we issued this morning. Supplemental slide four summarize that capital expenditure plan and in-service dates for our Tier 1 planned emission control projects and has been updated to reflect the new date for the baghouse and scrubber at Edgewater 5. While we continue to rely on lower-emission powder-river basin coal for the majority of our base load generation, we expect the emissions from our coal plants to continue to decline as our retrofits become operational. In addition, the emission profile will also improve as we convert some of our older, less efficient units to run on gas as we have done with IPL's Sutherland and Dubuque generating facilities. Last week, we announced that we are in the very preliminary stages of analyzing the possibility of a coal-to-gas fuel switch at Edgewater Unit 4. If it is found that a fuel switch is not economically feasible, then the plan is to retire this unit by the end of 2018. Renewable energy also remains an important element of our generation portfolio, which includes both, company-owned renewable generation as well as renewable energy purchased power agreements. On the unregulated side of our business, construction is progressing well on the 100-megawatt wind farm in Franklin County, Iowa. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $235 million, excluding capitalized interest costs and since this project is scheduled to be in service by year end it will allow us to elect the cash grant option. We continue to seek an off-take contract for this facility. Before handing over to Tom, I would like to provide an update on the RMT sale process. Earlier this year, the Alliant Energy Board of Directors approved a plan to sell the RMT business. RMT was moved to discontinued operations in our first quarter 2012, and the decision to sell RMT resulted in a one-time $0.14 per share charge in the first quarter due to a change in our state tax apportionment. We excluded this one-time charge from our 2012 guidance. We anticipate closing the RMT sale by the end of this year. To recap the priorities as we execute our plan. We are transforming our generation portfolio to one that is balanced and has the flexibility to comply with all existing and currently proposed environmental regulations. We have affirmed our earnings guidance range for 2012 and updated our capital expenditure plan to reflect a one-year delay on the in-service date of the new IPL gas facility and a one-year acceleration of the Edgewater Unit 5 scrubber and baghouse project. Finally, we will manage our company focusing on operational and financial discipline with a goal of earning our authorized returns. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy, and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released second quarter earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.60 per share. Adjusting for items we typically exclude from guidance, second quarter 2012 adjusted earnings were $0.58 per share. Second quarter 2012 earnings are up over the second quarter of 2011, primarily due to the impacts of warmer weather and the tax benefit rider. Additional drivers for the increased earnings are higher AFUDC, increased earnings of non-regulated transportation and continued cost controls across the organization. The 2012 non-GAAP adjustment relates to the $0.02 per share credit from the June WPL rate case decision. Comparisons between the second quarter 2012 and 2011 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides five, six and seven. As with many Midwest utilities, the warm weather in the second quarter positively impacted electric margins and negatively impacted gas margins. The second quarter 2012 weather variance resulted in positive earnings per share impact of $0.06. This impact, coupled with the positive weather for July will more than offset the first quarter negative weather impact. Assuming normal weather after July, we expect 2012 earnings to trend toward the top end of our consolidated earnings guidance range of $2.75 to $3.05 per share. For the quarter, weather normalized retail sales were up by approximately 0.5% at both, IPL and WP&L, driven primarily by the commercial customer class. As a reminder, our 2012 guidance was based on no sales growth between 2011 and 2012. These trends are illustrated on supplemental slide eight. The tax benefit rider resulted in quarter-over-quarter variation at IPL and the parent. The tax benefit rider resulted in $0.04 per share of higher earnings in the second quarter of 2012 and when compared to the second quarter of 2011. The actual and projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 tax benefit rider, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2011 tax benefit rider, is provided in supplemental slide nine. As demonstrated in the slide, the tax benefit rider quarterly timing issue is not anticipated to impact full year 2012 results. Turning to our financing plans. We believe that with our strong cash flow and financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt of approximately $450 million in second half of 2012 and we do not currently plan issuing any material new equity through 2013. We will continue to assess our future equity needs based on the regulatory approvals received for the various large capital spending projects that we are proposing, and also based on our ongoing assessment of evolving capital market conditions. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong in the next few years as we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments until 2015. These tax related cash flow benefits will be partially offset with credits to customer bills in accordance with IPL's tax benefit rider. Turning to our regulatory calendar, we have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2012, which are summarized in slide 10. There was a great deal of regulatory activity in the second quarter of this year and as you can see, IPL will have an active regulatory calendar during the second half of this year. In June, the PSC issued its final order in a base rate freeze for 2013 and 2014 for the Wisconsin retail electric customers. The PSC also approved a Wisconsin retailed gas base rate decrease of $13 million for 2013, and is leaving rates constant through 2014. The electric base rate freeze factors in the recovery of the Riverside acquisition, the Edgewater 5 SCR emission controls and the baghouse and scrubber projects at Columbia units 1 and 2. The recovery of capital costs is offset by increased deferred tax liabilities, reduction of capacity payments and changes in amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities, which include the conservation escrow. This order increases rate base by approximately $400 million in 2013 with an incremental $150 million in 2014 and includes no change to the authorized ROE of 10.4%. In accordance with PSC rules, WPL filed its 2013 electric fuel cost plan in June and anticipate the commission will issue an order prior to year end. In May, we filed an IPL Iowa retail gas base case with a 2011 test year. The request proposes to increase annual revenue requirements by approximately $15 million, or 6%. It has been seven years since base rates have changed for Iowa retail gas customers. During that period of time, plant additions have outpaced depreciation expense and weather normalized use per residential customer has declined approximately 12%. We have proposed an increase to gas rate base of approximately $50 million with no change to the current ROE of 10.4% for interim rates, but our request for final rates includes a 10.9% ROE. This requested regulatory common equity ratio is 48.7%. Interim rates went into effect in June, and as anticipated we will receive a final order on this case in the second quarter of 2013. We proposed the use of a temporary tax benefit rider to partially offset the requested gas increase to minimize the impact to customer rates. If approved, the rider would credit customer bills for three years using approximately $36 million of federal tax benefits. We very much appreciate your continued support of the company and look forward to meeting with you at upcoming investor events. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour timeframe for this morning's call. (Operator Instructions). We'll take Andrew Weisel from Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel: First, question about some of the capacity things on slide two here. Congrats on the board approving the plans for a new gas plant at IPL. Definitely good to taking other step forward there. My question now is, if you are extending the contract at Duane Arnold. It's, I understand, from a megawatt basis that you are going to be retiring some of these old gas plays in some of the early 50s, but as you say yourself, it's only 4% of energy needs last year. Given how oversupplied MISO is, how confident are you that there will be a need for the energy coming from a new plant as opposed to buying some from other plants?
Pat Kampling: Yes. That's a very good question. Now we're very confident that by when this plant goes online in 2017, it will definitely be needed, Andrew, also at that point. Again, as a lot of these other older coal plants retire in the MISO region.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, so it's more a call on the market itself over the next five years or so?
Pat Kampling: Yes, both. Yes. Our strategy is then to rely less on the markets and rely more on own generation.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Sounds good. Related to those retirements, definitely appreciate the updated CapEx outlook, but there is no update on the future rate base. Is there going to be any kind of step back from these plans? As far as I know, we're not fully depreciated before you have the pick-up from the new capacity?
Pat Kampling: No. We don't anticipate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo from Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Are you still comfortable with the 5% to 7% long-term CAGAR that's been previously conveyed?
Pat Kampling: Yes. We are, Brian.
Brian Russo: Okay. Can you remind us over what time period that CAGAR is for, and what year we should be using a base now?
Pat Kampling: We're still sticking with the 2010 as the base share, plus 2010 to 2016 weather normalized.
Brian Russo: Okay. I believe that weather normalized is 262 in '10?
Pat Kampling: Yes. That's correct.
Brian Russo: Okay. What is the book value on the plants that you planned to retire at IPL?
Pat Kampling: At IPL, boy, it's not material at all. It's like $15 million.
Brian Russo: Okay. A follow-up on the last question. We're not going to see any real step down when these plants are retired prior Duane.
Pat Kampling: Yes. Let me correct myself. Duane is all the way through 2017. It's about $50 million.
Brian Russo: Okay.
Pat Kampling: 50.
Brian Russo: Okay. Can you also maybe just talk about devaluation process or the criteria that the IUB will use when evaluating the need and what's in the best interest for customers in terms of the CCGT development?
Pat Kampling: There's a several different methods. Of course, I've been look at our cost to customers. We'll also be looking at the impact of the state of Iowa as well, and reliability is the key issue, especially with all the transmission being built in Iowa as well, so there's multiple facets. Cost being one, but there's a lot of other issues, and Iowa does prefer owned generation as opposed to leased generation.
Brian Russo: Lastly, the strategy or how should we think about the upcoming IPL electric rate case for 2014? I think you mentioned earlier that you are going to submit a tariff filing to adjust the PPA. The new PPA you signed relative to the PPA that's rolling off? I am just trying to get a feel for, will we see rate step down assuming this new PPA is at a much lower price than the one currently in rates?
Pat Kampling: Yes. Our plan is to list with the additional capital that we are putting in place in Iowa, that will make up the capacity payment that we're paying now, and the new PPA will be flowing right through the energy clause, so our strategy has not changed.
Brian Russo: Okay. Can you remind us, how much new capital you will file for recovery of, or you will be adding to the rate base in '14?
Pat Kampling: We're looking at which are the best method.
Tom Hanson: Right. It's going to be all of the emissions projects, so it will be the Ottumwa, Neal 3, Neal 4 as well as Lansing environmental projects and they are identified in our CapEx forecast, so those will be the primary incremental in-service additions over this period of time.
Brian Russo: Okay. Just to be clear, will you file the case, or will you just let the PPA roll off. I am trying to understand kind of the procedure of it.
Pat Kampling: Yes. We are still discussing that one, Brian.
Brian Russo: Okay. Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Dobson from Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson: Maybe just take me through the Duane Arnold, and I asked the question largely because Neal build it and I am pretty sure you did. We are pretty clear you are saying, well we're not going to re-contract with Duane Arnold and then here we are, which since it's not going through the capacity charge, sounds like you got a pretty good. Sort of just talk us through how that developed and we got to where we are today.
Pat Kampling: Sure. That's the beginning of the year when we issued the RFP. We look at alternatives for Iowa customers. We had many, many good quality bids coming, and we've discussed that with you. The bid that we got it from NextEra on the Duane Arnold Energy was very attractive price.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Got you, so it really all just came down to price, and obviously the sort of earlier discussions you had with them changed a lot I imagine.
Pat Kampling: Yes. The combination of extending that PPA, plus the gas plant, we believe is in the best interest of our customers and the lowest cost option.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe then I think, what I am still trying to struggle with is, we are sort of replacing the Duane Arnold capacity with the Iowa plant, or pushing out the Iowa plant, does it make sort of the Tier 2 plants' hold less likely to do they have a higher hurdle to meet? Since we've been by slide two, you'll be in a longer generation once we are out in that 2017 timeframe? Yes. I think the difference in the announcements, we did announce plus what we discussed in the past is the evaluation of the older gas units as well as and (Inaudible) , so that's really what's new to the capacity equation today as opposed to the Tier 2s?
Jay Dobson: No. I absolutely appreciate that, but I am just saying, certainly it would appear to give you more flexibility around the Tier 2.
Pat Kampling: Absolutely. Yes. This plan gives us a lot of flexibility around those units now.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Fair enough. Have you identified which gas plans will actually be retired. I appreciate the sensitivity of employees and alike, but I don't know if you publicly announce which will be retired.
Pat Kampling: No. We have not.
Jay Dobson: Tom, I heard you equity sort of no need though 2013, which if recall was consistent with what you said previously, yet we are seeing CapEx come down in '14, up in '15, so maybe you are just buying yourself some flexibility for '14, but what makes you not clear that you wouldn't need it in '14.
Tom Hanson: As we finalize our plans for 2013, as we issue guidance later this year, we'll certainly convey all of that that's part of our package, but as you said as we continue to look at CapEx and to the extent that we are able to delay some of that by virtue of the new plan for the IPL gas plant, there should be some impact to our future equity needs.
Jay Dobson: Meaning pushing out?
Tom Hanson: Considerably, yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan: Just wanted to check back. What are you saying on rate base? Are you going to provide us with some rate base slides, or how should we look at this reduction in CapEx on to the rate base for '14, I guess the main ratio is here.
Tom Hanson: If we take a look at WPL, certainly that's pretty well fixed in terms of the addition of Riverside, the Edgewater SCR and the Columbia unit, and as I mentioned it's part of the rate quarter here in Wisconsin, will be increasing rate base by about $400 million in 2013 and $150 million in 2014. In Iowa, as we said, we've got the environmental projects going in service, the gas plant will not be going in service until 2017. Again, as part of our 2013 guidance, we'll be giving rate base forecast at that time.
Jay Dobson: Okay. What should we take from today's, this CapEx slide? Should we assume that the rate base is going to be lower in '14 versus what was previously given out?
Tom Hanson: No. I don't think there will be any major changes, because the in-service additions for Ottumwa and Lansing and Neal 3 and Neal 4 had not changed. In fact, if you go to slide four, that highlights the in-service addition, and on the right side, the actual dates themselves that we expect those to go in service. There's really no change of significance at IPL from what our previous CapEx forecast is in terms of the emission projects.
Jay Dobson: Understand, but the gas plant has been moved out one year, right? Am I right or wrong?
Pat Kampling: Yes, but keep in mind it would not into rate base unit it was in service, so it's really not change those '14 rate base.
Jay Dobson: So, it's not changing the '14 as such. Okay. Then the only impact it would have been AFUDC earnings. Is that fair? That's the only kind of impact from '14 from last time to this time?
Tom Hanson: That is correct.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Bischof from Morningstar Financial Services.
Andrew Bischof: Thanks so much for all the clarification regarding your resource strategy. A little bit of clarification on the potential of fuel switch at Edgewater station unit 4. If you decide not to repower and retire, would you then have new builds out there $330 megawatts?
Pat Kampling: We will have to evaluate the new traditional resources at that point. We have no conclusions at this point, but you are right. We'll have valuate that.
Andrew Bischof: Then I guess if you could just maybe highlight some of the level of interest you are getting for RMT?
Tom Hanson: As we stated, we continue to expect they will complete the deal by 2012, and so management believes that we'll be able to complete that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to get a better feel for what the, and I am sorry if I missed this, demand growth that you have on slide two. What is the annualized normal weather growth that you are expecting here through 2017? I saw the 50 megawatts. I just wanted to figure out what that meant in terms of lower growth anyway.
Pat Kampling: We are estimating between three quarters of a percent, 1% a year.
Paul Patterson: In terms of the rate impact it's too early to say what that would be with this plan? Is that right? Or do we have an idea?
Pat Kampling: I would say it's too early, but we will as we file our filings with the IUB, it would be fully embedded in that proceeding.
Paul Patterson: Then you do mention some operational pollution benefits and stuff like that. I mean it clearly looks like it's essentially sort of replacing older plants. Can you give us a flavor as to sort of what the operational benefits that we obviously it's more CapEx and more cost from customers from their perspective, but theoretically would be benefitting fuel emissions issue etcetera, so do you have any sort of flavor to sort of roughly speaking with what that might do or?
Pat Kampling: It's probably too early to give you that at this point, but again as we go through the process, all come out in the process, so make sure very clear at that point with you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Alley from Decade Capital.
John Alley: Two questions for you. First of all, in terms of the earnings CAGAR, is it fair to assume that because CapEx is lowering your term that the earnings path will be below the 5% near-term and then pop up in that 16 to 17 range once all those big units come on?
Tom Hanson: No. We should continue to see that fairly consistent over that period of time. Again, we said from 2010, weather normalized through 2016, I mean the expectation is that we will look to achieve that 5% to 7% earnings growth.
John Alley: What are the different functions between that 5% and 7%. Is that just the load assumption that is the variable there?
Tom Hanson: It's certainly a contributor. Yes.
John Alley: Any other pieces.
Pat Kampling: John, I don't know if you heard the answer to the other question. A part of the reduction in the CapEx in '14, that plant wasn't going to be into service till '16, so the earnings from that was really going to be shown in '16, not '14. It's just the AFUDC.
John Alley: Okay, so the CAGAR and ratable throughout the five-year period or.
Pat Kampling: Level.
Tom Hanson: There's not a linear relationship, but I would say that it's lumpy, but we still feel confident that we can continue to grow earnings in that 5% to 7% for that period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Kraicer from Millennium.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Steve. Good morning. If I look at slide three, that's for the combined company, the CapEx right?
Pat Kampling: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: It seems like the changes where we moved some CapEx from WP and actually moved up or accelerated into this and the CapEx for IP&L shifted a little bit. I just wanted to get a sense for king of what the changes to the IP&L is for the '12, '13 and '14. How I look at this whole additions dilutions versus the prior forecast in '12, '13 and '14. Could you provide those numbers for what IP&L will be standalone versus the prior forecast?
Tom Hanson: Yes. It will be in the 10-Q, which we are planning to file later today. As we typically do separate the two utilities by years, so I think we'll be able to give you from that, Steve,
Unidentified Company Representative: Then just second question just wanted to understand on slide two. It seems like one of the new piece of information today aside from the decision to resigning the Duane Arnold. Resigned and all the contracts is the decision to retire some gas units megawatts of capacity, and I was wondering if you could talk about kind of the analysis or what some of the drivers were of the decision to retire old gas units to replace with the new gas unit, then just talk about kind of what we need to do in terms of getting an approval to make these retirements with the commission with some of the factors they will look at or consider and decide whether or not to approve the decision.
Pat Kampling: Yes. Again, these units that we are discussing right now are some of these older units. A lot of them are the peaking units. Again as we look at the reliability of the system, these units really not be necessary and again due to the age and the maintenance cost of them, we just made a decision to go ahead and retire the book value on those is not very high at all. As it relates to some of the right column, some of the units that we've repowered, some of the coal to gas repowering units, we've got to evaluate those also. Again, those are older units repowering them to gas is really just intermediate solution, so again we'll be working with our regulators to recover all the cost of any retired units. We've been very successful on both, jurisdictions of recovering our cost of retired units on any electric property, and we would anticipate that to continue.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there like cost benefit analysis or do you have to show these. Is there some burden that has to be met in terms of making the retirement's decision with the regulators or is it just kind of, you are the operator you own the assets due to your personal discussion?
Pat Kampling: Yeah. It's definitely very reasonable ballet, but we would definitely share with our regulators our decision making. It's not the formula that we would show between reliability cost etcetera why we are making the decision to retire certain units.
Unidentified Analyst: Presumably you will be filing a docket, I guess is that part of the docket that gets filed just looking at the slide on the regulatory, which docket will that be. Is that one you are going to file on May 10th?
Pat Kampling: It will be the one that we'll be filing to approval of the gas plant should be in the fourth quarter of this year.
Unidentified Analyst: I am sorry. That will be the HF 577?
Pat Kampling: Right. The one that is probably next week is for the approval of a PPA.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take a question from Neil Kalton from Wells Fargo Securities.
Neil Kalton: My questions have been answered. Thanks.
Operator: Okay. We'll take a follow-up question Jay Dobson.
Jay Dobson: Pat, I wanted to follow-up. I think it came up in an earlier question, but can you just review for us what at least the options are currently in sort of the upcoming Iowa rate case value deal with rather high-class problem of $150 million roughly of capacity charges going away.
Pat Kampling: Yes, and our goal is to make sure that customer rates are assumed during that period of time. We've been talking about that for a while. Some of the options are working with and we'll proposed. We just had a three-year period, so that we don't have rate increases, rate decreases, but nothing has changed. Again, with the PPA, the new PPA that we're proposing is energy only. That still gives us that whole capacity payment to help with the capital additions that we have going forward, so nothing has really changed, Jay. It will be a little more forthcoming on that as we go throughout the year and get the filings filed.
Jay Dobson: Right. In addition to keeping customer rates smooth, do you think I'm sure your desire would be, but does the commission have the flexibility to keep earnings smooth over that period, because obviously various states where these environmental projects come into service, so rate base is stepping into somewhat difficult word, but volatile pace and then you have this big 2017 COD, so just help me think through how your are thinking about earnings as well as keep the customer rates smooth.
Pat Kampling: Yes. I guess it both go hand in hand. When a PPA definitely expires, our earnings should be going up much more than customer rates just because we're substituting capital for the PPA payment, so we'll see earnings growth much higher than customer rate increases during that period of time..
Jay Dobson: You think the commission would allow, I mean that's a huge number if we just tax.
Pat Kampling: Yes.
Jay Dobson: $50 million.
Pat Kampling: Yes. We are preserving to plan to make sure it's smooth. As we've been telling people, we're not going to be greedy during this period of time. We'll present a plan that's reasonable.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Perfect. On just the Iowa rate base recognizing we've been in the rate freeze. I'm just target back to some of the revelations you disclosed a couple of months ago on the Wisconsin rate base. As I think about the impact of deferred taxes on the Iowa rate base, you are encouraging. I think, Tom, you were in an earlier question saying, sort of CapEx hasn't changed that much, so rate base shouldn't change, but I'm just thinking as we then layer in the deferred tax which at least in Wisconsin had grown a lot faster than perhaps we had expected. Do we see some tempering in the growth in rate base in Iowa as we come out the back end of this rate increase?
Tom Hanson: We will continue see bonus depreciation in '12 and to a much lesser degree in 2013, so that's certainly part of our analysis that we've been very mindful of, because we need to look at the entire rate base compliment, which is obviously in many cases influenced by bonus depreciation.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Prefect. That's great. Then lastly just on the commercial sales, sort of driving Pat your comment or Tom's comments, sorry, was that they are driving the sales growth, maybe just what we should read into that as far as economics going on in your service territory?
Tom Hanson: Well, we are encouraged they are increasing first of all. Again, we are very mindful that the recession is still part of the reality that we are dealing with Midwest, but we at least are encouraged by some customer improvement, so still we're in the game and what we've stated is that at least for 2012, our earnings projections were not assuming significant growth in electric sales.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 10, 2012 at 888-203-1112, for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor's section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your patients today.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager, Investor Relations Pat Kampling – Chairman, President and CEO Tom Hanson – Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities John Alley – Decade Capital Andy Bischof – Morningstar Financial Services Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Ashar Khan – Visium
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today’s conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Hanson, Vice President and CFO, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy’s first quarter 2012 earnings. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter 2012 results. It is no surprise that our first quarter financial performance was negatively impacted by the warm weather. However, we plan to manage our spending during the rest of this year to lessen the impact. With the exception of the weather, our first quarter non-GAAP financial performance was inline with our expectations, just like last year the tax benefit rider cost adjustments this quarter but is not expected to have an impact on full year results. Yesterday, we filed a proposal in Wisconsin to freeze electric retail base rates for 2013 and 2014, and to reduce gas retail base rates for 2013 carrying through 2014. This proposal is a result of our collaboration with commission staff and major intervener groups. The proposal is consistent with our plans to minimize rate increases while allowing us to earn authorized return. Tom will provide more detail on these matters in a few minutes. An important item to share with you today is that we have decided to continue with PTCs for Whispering Willow and the Bent Tree utility Wind Farm instead of the cash grant option. We believe that with our strong cash flow, we can maintain adequate liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Therefore, we do not plan on any -- on issuing any material new common equity through 2013. We will assess our future equity needs after we receive regulatory approvals on the large projects we will propose later this year. Let me now brief you on some of our current activities. It has been and will continue to be a very active and productive year as we continue to focus on transforming and balancing our generating fleet. Our plans include retrofitting our Tier 1 coal plants, investigating less expensive emission controls for our Tier 2 Units and increasing the amount of gas-fired generation in our portfolio. We’re proud that our $4 billion capital expenditure plan for 2012 to 2015 is not only reducing emissions in our communities, but is also bringing welcome jobs to Wisconsin and Iowa. At WP&L, we are in the construction phase at Edgewater 5 for an SCR and our Columbia Unit 1 and 2 baghouses and scrubbers. We are pleased to report that the Edgewater 5 project is proceeding within budget and is a bit ahead of schedule. This project capital expenditures excluding AFUDC are estimated to be $145 million and the controls are expected to be in service by the end of 2012. Last month, we broke ground on a $627 million controls at Columbia. The BPLs portion of this project is approximately $300 million and the controls are expected to be in service in the first half of 2014. At IPL, mid-American is currently installing baghouses and scrubbers at Neil Units 3 and 4. IPL’s portion of the total capital expenditures excluding AFUDC is estimated to be approximately $130 million. We are also in the process of finalizing engineering, procurement and construction contract for the scrubber and baghouse at our Ottumwa facility. IPL’s portion of the capital expenditure for this project excluding AFUDC is estimated to be between $150 million and $170 million. The environmental work underway at IPL’s Ottumwa and Neil facilities and WPLs Edgewater and Columbia facilities supports compliance with current environmental rules. This year, we plan to request regulatory approval to install the remaining controls for our Tier 1 facilities. They will be ready to comply with the cross state rule or some new version of it. In Iowa, through the emissions plan and budget filing made on April 2nd, we are proposing adding a scrubber to Lansing 4, which is already in our 2012 to 2015 capital plan. In Wisconsin, we plan to file a construction authorization request for a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater 5. This filing is planned for the third quarter of 2012 and if approved is expected to add to the capital expenditures post 2015. We are still in the process of assessing if the cross state rules stay or the final utility MAC rules would change the current Tier 2 capital expenditure projections for 2012 to 2015 of $100 million. As previously stated, we are exploring lower cost emission control options for these Units. The future of our Tier 2 Unit is heavily dependent on the evolving environmental rules and reliability requirements of the MISO region. While we continue to rely on lower emissions Powder River Basin coal for the majority of our base load generation, our emissions from our coal plants will continue to decline as our retrofits become operational. In addition, our emissions profile also improves as we convert some of our older less efficient Units to run on natural gas as we have done with IPL Sutherland Unit 1 and 3 and the Dubuque Generating Facility. I should also mention that we began this year with 80% of our coal leads under contract for 2012. Because we had an open position, our customers have benefited from the low spot market prices of coal, while our coal inventories are currently within a normal range. We do not anticipate any issues with coal or transportation contracts take or pay provisions. Alliant is projecting to burn just under 11 million tons of coal in 2012 versus 13 million tons in 2011. As I noted earlier, natural gas generation is becoming increasingly important in balancing our energy portfolio. In April, the public service commission of Wisconsin approved the WPLs purchase of the Riverside Energy Center, 600 megawatt combined cycle facility to $392 million. This purchase will increase WPLs gas-fired generating capacity by approximate 100 megawatts. We expect the purchase to occur at the end of 2012. The revenue requirement associated with adding Riverside to retail rate base will be largely offset by the elimination of the capacity payment currently being made to Calpine under the Riverside PPA, therefore making the purchase essentially neutral to customers. At IPL, we continue to analyze the need for additional long-term capacity and energy, which is being driven by the retirement of generating Units and the exploration of the Duane Arnold PPA. We received numerous proposals in response to the RFP issued in January seeking firm supplies of non-intermittent capacity and energy delivered to the IPL control area. We’re currently evaluating these proposals as part of our due diligence to see if there is a better option to the construction of a new 600 megawatts natural gas-fired combined cycle generating facility. We expect to make a decision regarding our plans this summer. The estimated cost of the proposed gas facility is approximately $700 million excluding AFUDC. Our capital expenditure plan currently includes costs related to that facility to begin in 2014 with the anticipated in-service date of 2016 or later. Turning to wind, the performance from our wind farms has been good with capacity factors averaging approximately 30% and 2011. Production is expected to increase as the additional transmission work is completed. The transmission upgrades at Bent Tree were recently completed and the rebuild of the transmission line at Whispering Willow was scheduled to be completed later this year. The upgrade of the transmission line from Whispering Willow and Franklin County wind sites is scheduled to be completed by June of 2013. At which time, we forecasted the capacity factor for our wind facilities to average 35%. Moving to the unregulated side of our business, construction of a 100 megawatt Franklin County Wind Farm in Iowa is proceeding well. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $235 million, excluding capitalized interest costs, and since this project is scheduled to be in service by year end, it will allow us to elect the cash grant option. We continue to seek an off-take contract for this facility. Before handing the call over to Tom, I would like to provide an update on the RMT sale process. In February, the Alliant Energy Board of Directors approved the plan to sell the RMT business to the volatility caused by lack of the consistent federal renewable energy policy coupled with down pressure on project margins. We are in the midst of working with parties interested in acquiring RMT and we still expect the sale to recur by year end. As mentioned in our previous analyst call this year, RMT was moved to discontinued operations in our first quarter 2012 financials. During the same call, we mentioned that the decision to sell RMT would result in a one-time $0.14 per share charge in the first quarter utility earnings due to a change in our state tax apportionment caused by the removal of RMT revenue. We excluded this one-time charge from our 2012 guidance. Let me recap the priorities as we execute our plans. First, our employees will continue to provide safe and reliable electric and gas service to our customers. Second, a key objective of our plan is to manage the costs borne by our customers. The rate freeze in Iowa and the proposed rate freeze in Wisconsin allow us to stabilize rates for our customers while earning on our additional rate base. Third, we are transforming and generating portfolio to one that is balanced and has the flexibility to comply with current and future environmental regulations. And finally, we will manage our company is focusing on operational and financial discipline with the goal of earning our authorized returns. Thank you for you interest in Alliant Energy and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, everyone. We released our first quarter earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.36 per share. Adjusting for items, we typically exclude from guidance, first quarter 2012 adjusted earnings were $0.50 per share. The 2012 non-GAAP adjustment is related to a $0.12 per share state tax apportionment change that Pat referred to in her comments. Comparisons between 2012 and 2011 earnings per share are detailed on slide two, three and four. We had a record-breaking warm weather during the first quarter of this year. We had an adverse impact on our results. Year-over-year first quarter variance for weather resulted in negative earnings per share impact of $0.16. We are in the process of taking steps to reduce costs to offset a portion of negative weather. Assuming normal weather for the remainder of 2012, we expect 2012 earnings to be at the lower end of our consolidated earnings guidance range of $2.75 to $3.05 per share. Moving to the economy in our service territory forecasted 2012 weather normalized retail electric sales are projected to increase very modestly over 2011. As a reminder, our 2012 guidance was based on no sales growth between 2011 and 2012. These trends are illustrated on supplemental slide five. For the quarter, weather normalized retail electric sales excluding the benefit of the extra day due to leap year were up 1% at both IPL and WPL, driven primarily by the industrial class. Most of the industrial sales increase at IPL was a result of energy sales to co-generation owners during their first quarter outages. These outages ended in March, thus we do not expect increased industrial sales to continue for the rest of 2012. The tax benefit rider resulted in considerable quarter-over-quarter variation at IPL under parent. During the first quarter 2011, the tax benefit rider was in place for about one month, whereas the tax benefit rider has been in place for the entire first quarter of 2012. The tax benefit rider resulted in a $0.07 share lower earnings in first quarter of 2012 when compared to the first quarter 2011. The projected quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 tax benefit rider, as well as the actual quarter-over-quarter impact of the 2011 tax benefit rider is provided in supplemental slide six. As demonstrated in the slide, the tax benefit rider quarterly earnings timing is not anticipated to impact full year 2012 results. Turning to our financing plans. Two of the primary factors influencing the financing plans are cash flow impacts from our current tax initiatives and our capital expenditure plan. We plan to finance our 2012 capital expenditure plan with cash flows from operations, the sale of IPL receivables and the issuance of short and long-term debt. Cash flow from operations are expected to be strong in the next few years, as we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments through 2015 and assume modest pension contributions during the next few years. These cash benefits will be partially offset by credits to customers builds in accordance with IPL tax benefit rider. In March of this year, we extended IPL receivables sales program to provide additional liquidity through March 2014. Our current financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt of approximately $500 million in the second half of 2012. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2012. They are summarized in slide seven. I would like to provide a bit more detail on the base rate cases. Yesterday, we filed a proposal to freeze rates for 2013 and 2014 for our Wisconsin retail electric customers. We’re also proposing to decrease Wisconsin retail gas rates by about $13 million for 2013 and then keep gas rates constant through 2014. This proposal includes a recovery of the Riverside acquisition, the Edgewater 5 SCR emission controls and the baghouses scrubber project at the Columbia Units 1 and 2. The proposed recovery of the capital costs is offset by increased deferred tax liabilities, reduction of capacity payments and changes in the amortization of regulatory assets and liabilities, which include the conservation escrow. This proposal increases electrical rate base by approximately $400 million in 2013 and an incremental $150 million in 2014. The proposal includes no change to the authorized ROE at 10.4%, and assumes that we continue taking the production tax credits for the Bent Tree Wind Farm. The financial common equity is unchanged at 51%, but there was a change to the regulatory capital structure due to the decreased OBS adjustments. We believe this proposal is in the best interest of our customers and investors, and we remain committed to earn our authorized return during the proposed rate freeze period. More details of this proposal are provided in slide eight. We expect the commission will solicit comments from the public on WPL’s proposal very quickly and we do not anticipate the commission will hold a hearing on this proposal. In accordance with the PSE rules, WPL will be filing its 2013 and 2014 fuel costs plans in the second or third quarters of 2012 and ‘13, respectively. We plan to file an IPO gas retail gas rate case within the next 60 days with a 2011 test year. Interim rates will go into effect 10 days after the filing date and as anticipated we will receive a final order on this case in the second quarter of 2013. It has been seven years since base rates have changed for Iowa retail gas customers. During that period, plant additions have outpaced depreciation expense and weather normalized residential use per customer has declined approximately 20%. We will be proposing the use of a temporary tax benefit rider to partially offset the requested gas rate increase to minimize the impact of customer rates. Over the course of this year, we will continue to work closely with our regulators and stakeholders who receive timely approvals to execute our strategic plan. We very much appreciate your continued support of the company and look forward to meeting many of you at the AGA Conference this coming Sunday and Monday. The materials used for this conference as with all conferences will be available on our website prior to the event. At this time, I’ll turn the call back to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Hi. Good morning. I was hoping for just a little bit more detail on the WPL rate base. You gave some numbers there that were very helpful. Just want to reconcile that versus the latest forecast. I believe at EEI you showed rate base pretty specific numbers for the next several years at WPL, but when I look at the numbers in this slide on eight here, it looks a little bit lower. If you can just kind of bridge the gap between those two?
Tom Hanson: Sure. First of all thanks Andrew for your question. The single largest driver would be the deferred taxes due to bonus depreciation. The last time those were updated in terms of rate base was the previous rate case which was our UR-117 which was the 2010 base year. So since then we’ve been monitoring those but I think as we do the reconciliation you’ll see that’s probably the single largest adjustment you’re dealing with the deferred taxes. If you go to supplemental slide eight, we’ve tried to highlight some of the details including the rate base, also the information that we filed with the PSE yesterday and should be available hopefully today. It does take each of the electric and gas rate base components thus compare to the previous rate cases to give you kind of highlight of the increased rate base that we have and how we propose to increase the offset.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay. So just to make sure I understand, the changes between EEI and today’s numbers were based on bonus appreciation and not the actual filing versus what we’ve been talking about the past few months? Is that a fair way to put it?
Tom Hanson: That’s correct.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Okay. Very good. And then lastly on the Iowa rate case, I believe you said sometime within the next 60 days, your previous presentation sounded like it would be more like this month. Is that being pushed back and if so why?
Tom Hanson: No. We would expect it would be at the earlier end of the 60-day period.
Andrew Weisel – Macquarie Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Hanson: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi. Good morning.
Pat Kampling:  Morning, Brian.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Could you quantify what the weather impact was versus normal?
Tom Hanson: It was about $0.12. And that’s both on the electric and gas side, Brian.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Good. So we take your midpoint of 290 and subtract $0.12, that’s where you alluded to being at the lower end of the guidance range, right?
Tom Hanson: That’s correct.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Also in the WPL rate case filing, I reviewed it real quickly. And it looks like you got some sharing mechanisms of ROEs, breakup of 10, 6, 5 and I’m just curious is that the other interveners protecting themselves from the over earning, or are there any levers you might be able to pull that could put you north of 10.4?
Tom Hanson: I think your observation is correct. I mean, given the fact that is a proposed rate freeze, you want to make sure that it was appropriate for all parties. So as we’ve highlighted in slide eight, there really is an ability for first of all WP&L to earn above its authorized 10.4 and it can retain that up to 10.65. If we are able to successfully manage the business over 10.65 to 11.4, there is a sharing of 50% of that. And anything above 11.4, then it is deferred. Similarly, there’s kind of and net on the bottom end to the extent that our ROE falls below 8.5 then WP&L can’t file for a case. So, we think it’s appropriate for all parties that there is a balance here.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And correct me if I’m wrong, but your 2013 WPL rate base is now 2.3 billion and the 2014 rate base is 2.4 billion?
Tom Hanson: The electric?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: The total.
Tom Hanson: Yeah.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And you mentioned some offsets or O&M management to help offset some of the mild weather, I know going into the year, you had a fairly aggressive cost management program. I was just wondering if you can maybe talk about some of those initiatives?
Pat Kampling: Sure Brian. The major initiative is really just delaying hiring and keeping positions opened for longer.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And the Iowa CCGT that’s being planned, you mentioned better options. What are those better options?
Pat Kampling: When we issued the RFP, we asked actually for whole broad variety of options for again to fill our long-term capacity in energy. So it’s really owning a plant, PPAs et cetera, there’s a wide variety of options that we’re going through right now the analysis on.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And just back to the to WPL rate base that you filed for and less the deferred taxes I guess as a function of bonus depreciation, can you quantify what kind of cash flow is coming in the door that’s offsetting the decline in rate base from prior disclosures?
Pat Kampling: Yeah. I may be confused on your question. You know, we’re still in this position that we’re not paying federal taxes.
Tom Hanson: We do get the benefit of bonus appreciation…
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay.
Tom Hanson: …as we talked about before. We had about $1 billion of NOLs at the end of ‘11, but we will get the benefit of that bonus depreciation going forward. But recognizing that until we completely eliminate our NOLs, which we expect in 2015, there will be some erosion of that NOLs but recognizing bonus depreciation will be used here in ‘12.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey. Good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning, Jay.
Tom Hanson: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Tom, in the Wisconsin settlement, that the filing you made, is there anything other than the conservation escrow that’s moving around just from a modeling perspective, and understand the previous questions regarding rate base are going to impact that. But relative to the $16 million increase and then what seems to be entirely offset by a reversal of that conservation escrow, is there any other sort of key elements moving around in that filing?
Tom Hanson: There are also some adjustments that we have proposed to what I’m going to characterize as normal regulatory amortization. If you recall we have some reg assets, reg liabilities that are being amortized. Some of the amortization periods were actually adjusted. So that coupled with then the usage of the conservation escrow allows us than to offset the proposed increase. And Jay, the schedule that we filed with the PSE, that should be available, it does provide a little bit more clarity in terms of the individual items so that it would be able to model that, once that information is available.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. Got you. But what would be the aggregate amount of that amortization? I mean, I assume it’s being extended in life so produced on an annual basis. But what’s the rough ZIP code of those?
Tom Hanson:  It’s nothing significant.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Got you. And then last quick question. Your transmission rates, I’m not sure you saw yesterday, FERC set for hearing the New England transmission 206 and lots of folks are taking an opportunity to sort of look out to other places that might have an impact. And can you just talk about sort of your relationship between yourselves and ITC and sort of what’s been happening locally in Iowa and whether this is a likely outcome to them.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. Sure, Jay. It really hasn’t been an issue in any of our jurisdictions right now. We are definitely carefully monitoring the situation. And but it has not really been an issue at all. But again, as it relates to ITC, anytime their rates will be up for review. We would definitely way in and have an opinion on that.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to John Alley of Decade Capital.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Hi, guys. Great work with the settlement.
Pat Kampling: Thank you.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  I just have a few questions and I apologize if this is repeating stuff. But it’s -- the EEI slides for ‘13 and ‘14, EEI was higher by $200 million in ‘13, $300 million in ‘14. Why does that differential grow over the two years or is that rounding?
Tom Hanson: No. We’ve got the additional bonus that we would have also in 2013 that’s certainly contributing to that as well as 2012. Now, keep in mind also we made reference to three specific in-service editions with Riverside and the Edgewater 5 SCR occurring at the end of ‘12. And then we’ve got the baghouse and scrubber at Columbia, that’s occurring about midyear in 2014. So when you look at the 13-month average for certainly ‘14, you don’t see the full benefit of that in-service addition. So then going into the following year you’ll see them the full effect of the baghouse and scrubber at Columbia and as Pat said that’s about $300 million.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Okay. And what’s the total cash flow of the bonus G&A that you took in ‘11?
Tom Hanson: The total bonus depreciation that we took for the WPL or for…
John Alley – Decade Capital:  For WPL?
Tom Hanson: It was about $300 million.
John Alley – Decade Capital: And was there any in ‘12?
Tom Hanson: Yeah. We expect that to be about $200 million in 2012 at WPL.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Got you. And on the equity layer, was that just a negotiating point that it went to 49% from 50% or is there something because of the -- I guess you went from PPAs to rate base, but lower?
Tom Hanson: Its -- there will be assets declining that’s causing that’s slight reduction. But as we said, the financial capital structure is unchanged at 51%.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Okay. When we do your -- I guess when we calculate or try to calculate earnings power for the rate base, is it rate base times 50% or 49%?
Tom Hanson: Use the 49%.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Use the 49%. Okay.
Tom Hanson: That’s what the revenue requirements are based on.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Okay. And then you guys said you had the ability to overrun. How much do you think you will in the next two years with the rate base?
Tom Hanson: Well, certainly our objective is to earn our authorized return. We clearly have aspirations to earn above that. But right now, we want to make sure that we’re meeting our commitment to shareowners to earn the authorized return. But what’s important is that the proposal allows for -- to the extent that we can earn more than that, there’s a sharing mechanism in place.
John Alley – Decade Capital:  Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Andy Bischof with Morningstar Financial Services.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar Financial Services: Hi. Good morning.
Pat Kampling: Good morning.
Tom Hanson: Good morning.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar Financial Services:  I was wondering if you could provide a little bit of clarity on your industrial demand strength and when in particular you’re seeing that strength, do have some customer requirements there?
Tom Hanson: We’ve seen some increase in the industrial sales. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, IPL we saw about a 4% increase compared to Q1 of 2012 back to Q1 of 2011. However, much of that was dealing with the co-gen facilities that we served. Some of those co-gen facilities were off to do planned outages. Those planned outages are done. So we think at least for the remainder of 2012 that we will not see any significant increase from our prior forecast.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar Financial Services:  Okay. Great. And then, just one clarifying question on the RMT sale, you’re expecting that still to close within 2012?
Pat Kampling: Yeah. We’re.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar Financial Services:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Yeah. Hi. Just to clarify on the $2.2 billion of the WPL rate base in ‘13 and $2.3 billion in ‘14. Does that Wisconsin jurisdictional only, so do we add FERC wholesale of $229 million and then 100 plus million for the Minnesota piece?
Tom Hanson: Yeah. We should maybe -- clarify. There’s no Minnesota piece, Brian. But the amount that we stated are all on a retail basis. So only electric, when we made reference to the $2.1 billion gas is another 200 million on top of that, but clearly for the electric side that’s only the electric piece. So as you said, there will be wholesale component that you need to factor into your analysis.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Right. Okay. So we should add $229 million of wholesale on top of that to get the entirety of the WPL’s rate base.
Tom Hanson: Yeah. That’s a good proxy.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: And then add another $126 million for Minnesota to kind of correlate to some of the slides you’ve been putting in your recent presentations.
Tom Hanson: You mean IPL versus Minnesota?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Minnesota versus IPL. Got you. All right. Very good. Thank you.
Tom Hanson: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan – Visium: All my questions [has been] answered already.
Pat Kampling: I’m sorry. We can’t hear you.
Ashar Khan – Visium:  All my questions has been answered already.
Pat Kampling: Ashar, we can’t hear you.
Operator: Okay. Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 11, 2012 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 824-4179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This will conclude today’s conference call.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager, Investor Relations William Harvey - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Patricia Kampling - President and Chief Operating Officer  Robert Durian - Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John Kratchmer - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management James Krapfel – Morningstar
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Year-end 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Kampling, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Unfortunately, Tom Hanson, our CFO, will not be joining us today due to a back injury. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Pat, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy’s year-end 2011 earnings. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the investor’s page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
William Harvey: Thank you Sue, and good morning everyone. 2011 marked a successful year for us. We met our financial objectives and maintained excellent reliability during our hot and stormy summer season and we kept our safety initiatives moving forward. I would like to commend our employees who continue to provide our customers reliable electric and gas service while at the same time delivering value to our share owners. My comments today will detail our priorities for 2012. Later in the call, Pat will discuss various financial and regulatory matters. As Sue mentioned, our CFO, Tom Hanson would normally present a major portion of our scripted remarks this morning, but Tom has suffered a back injury and is unable to join us this morning. Tom, if you are listening, get well soon. Robert Durian, our Control and Chief Accounting Officer and John Kratchmer, our Treasurer are here to help us with your questions if need be. In 2012, we will continue to focus on transforming our generating fleet. Our plans include retrofitting our Tier 1 coal facilities, fuel switching, we are investigating less expensive emission controls for our smaller coal plants and increasing the amount of gas fired generations in our portfolio. Our emission control equipment plants are intended to assure compliance with environmental rules. These expenditures are outlined on Slide 2. Even though the Cross-State Rule was stayed, the current environmental work underway at IPL’s Ottumwa and WPL’s Edgewater and Columbia facilities support complying the with the Clean Air Interstate Rule which remains effective in the wake of the Cross State Rule stay, the Utility MACT Rule, or the Wisconsin State Mercury Rule. We planned to request regulatory approval for installing the remaining controls for our Tier 1 facilities, so they will be ready to comply with the Cross-State Air Rule or some new version of it. In Iowa, that regulatory discussion will occur through our Emissions Plan and Budget filing, which will be made on April 2.  In Wisconsin, we expect to file the required construction authorization for the Edgewater 5 scrubber and baghouse later this year. The total capital investment of this broad emission control program is approximately $765 million occurring between 2012 and 2015. We are still in the process of assessing whether all the dynamics surrounding federal environmental regulation will change our Tier 2 capital expenditure projections for 2012 through 2015 which are currently estimated to be about $100 million. We have previously stated that we will not be fully retrofitting these units, so we are exploring lower-cost emission alternatives. As I mentioned earlier, natural gas generation is becoming an increasingly important part of our balanced energy portfolio. WPL’s application to the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to purchase Riverside, a 600 megawatt combined cycle facility is proceeding well. This purchase would increase WPL’s gas-fired generating capacity by about 100 megawatts. The Commission has indicated that it intends to review this application without a hearing and we anticipate a decision in April. Our expectation is that closing will occur at the end of 2012. We expect the revenue requirements associated with adding Riverside to rate base will be offset by the elimination of the capacity payments currently being made to Calpine, therefore making the purchase essentially neutral to customers. At IPL, we continue the due diligence and planning related to the potential construction of the new 600 megawatt natural gas combined cycle generating facility. Last week, we issued an RFP to assess if there are any better alternatives to construction of the gas plant. If the new natural gas facility is the preferred option, we anticipate making the required regulatory filings in the third quarter of this year. At this time, we are estimating that the proposed facility would cost approximately $700 million, excluding AFUDC. Our capital expenditure plan anticipates expenditures related to that facility to begin in 2014 with an anticipated in-service date in 2016. I also want to provide you an update on our nuclear purchase power agreements. At this point it is unlikely that we will renew either of our current agreements. WPL’s Kewaunee agreement with Dominion Resources expires at the end of 2013. An IPL’s Duane Arnold agreement with NextEra Energy expires in February of 2014. Slide 3 reflects the various capacity payments expected to be made over the next several years. The considerable decrease in capacity payments in 2014 plays an important role in how we plan to manage customer rates. While we continue to rely on lower emission coal for the majority of our base load generation, we expect the emissions from our coal plants will continue to decline as our retrofits become operational and as we transition some of our older less efficient units to run on natural gas. In addition, our wind farms operate in very strong wind regimes and our customers in Iowa are benefiting from the transmission upgrades which support our expanding wind production. One of the key objectives of our plan is to manage the cost borne by our customers. This year, our customers are seeing lower total electric and gas bills as we pass through the benefit of lower energy cost to them. These lower overall cost result from a combination of the lower market cost, our generating fleet transition, and our increased wind generation. Moving to the unregulated side of the business. The Franklin County Wind Farm in Iowa is preparing to begin construction. This site located near IPL’s Whispering Willow site is known for its high wind regime. Also the transmission upgrades involving this site are already in progress. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $235 million, excluding capitalized interest cost. We expect this project will be in service by year end and we will likely elect the cash grant. We are currently assessing the results of the reverse RFP we issued to look and off take contract for the facility. Before handing off to Pat, let me address RMT. In our last call, I indicated that we would assess the alternatives for this business. Yesterday, the Alliant Energy Board of Directors approved the plan to sell the RMT business. We have always maintained that while RMT does not fit our core strategy as a utility, it was attractive to us because of its important position in the renewable energy space. However; a lack of consistent federal renewable energy policy coupled with downward pressure on project margins has caused us to reconsider this investment. RMT’s employees and clients will be best served by an owner whose operations are more (inaudible) with RMT’s engineering and construction business. As a result of this decision we plan to start recording RMT financials as discontinued operations in 2012. We expect the sale to occur by year end. Since RMT’s revenues have a significant impact on how state taxable income is apportioned among the states, selling RMT will change Alliant’s future state tax apportionment. Although, this change will have a minimal financial impact on future utility earnings, it is expected to lead to a onetime charge of approximately $0.12 per share at the utilities. We will exclude this potential onetime charge from our 2012 guidance.   So, let me recap the priorities as we execute our plan. First, we continue to provide safe and reliable electric and gas service to our customers. Second, we are working to obtain a generation portfolio that is balanced with flexibility to comply with current and future environmental regulations. Third, we continue to focus on managing costs on behalf of our customers. And finally, we will work closely with our regulators and stake holders to receive the remaining approvals required for the execution of our strategic plan. In closing, I would like to recognize and congratulate Pat Kampling on her election as Chair President and Chief Executive Officer of Alliant Energy effective April 1 of this year. Many of you have got to know Pat during her career. Her experience in and knowledge of the industry will enable her to continue to execute on Alliant Energy strategy which will be of great benefit to our employees, our customers and our share owners. On a personal note, it has been a pleasure getting to know many of you over these many years. I wish you all well and thank you for your support of our company. I will now turn it over to Pat.  
Patricia Kampling : Thank you Will for the kind remarks. I would also like to thank you for your tremendous contribution and dedicated service to the employees, customers and share owners of Alliant Energy. We are all going to miss you and wish you all the very best in retirement.  Good morning everyone. Let’s start with 2011 results. We released earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $2.73 per share. Adjusting for items we typically exclude from guidance, 2011 adjusted earnings were $2.76 per share. The 2011 adjustments relate to charges for the IPL electric rate case decisions, the cash balance pension plan amendment, emission allowance contract and impairments. These charges were substantially offset by non-recurring state income tax impacts. Comparisons between 2011 and 2010 earnings per share are detailed on Slides 4, 5 and 6.   Moving to the economy in our service territory, 2011 weather normalized, electric sales to our commercial and industrial customers, increased modestly. However, like the other utilities in our region, residential electric sales decreased by approximately 1% when comparing 2011 to 2010.   As we noted in November, we all forecast in 2012 sales in all customer classes to be flat to 2011. These trends are illustrated on Slide 7. Our current liquidity position is strong, totaling approximately $960 million comprise of $925 million of available capacity under our credit facility and $35 million of available capacity under the sale of receivables program.   We recently increased the price of our credit facility to $1 billion to help ensure adequate liquidity to finance our capital plans. Two of the primary factors influencing the financing plans are the cash flow impact from our current tax initiatives and our capital expenditure plan which is summarized on Slide 8.   We will finance our 2012 capital plan with cash flows for operations, sale of IPL receivables and the issuance of short term and long term debt. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong for the next few years as we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments through 2014. These cash flow benefits will be partially offset with approximately $80 million in credits to customer bills in accordance with the IPL tax benefit writer.   Our current plan anticipates issuing long term debts of approximately $100 million for IPL, which should occur in the first half of 2012 and approximately $400 million in total for WPL and the Franklin County wind farm project which are expected to occur in the second half of 2012.   In addition we have requested regulatory approval for a $300 million, one year bridge facility to finance the river side purchase, which if utilized will lower the need for long term debt financing at WPL.   In December we did make a $100 million contribution to the qualified pension plans to mitigate increases in 2012 pension cost and increase the funding levels to approximately 85%. We do not currently anticipate making any contributions to our qualified pension plan in 2012.   One last note regarding financing plans. A recent development that could influence our plans is the ability to now consider receiving the cash grant instead of Production Tax Credits for the Whispering Willow and Bent Tree wind farms. Recent legislation has waived the tax normalization requirements. Thus the cash grant may now be more beneficial to our utility customers than the PTCs. The election to claim the cash grant in lieu of PTCs could provide our company with additional cash in excess of $250 million as soon as this year. We plan on discussing the possible cash grant election with our regulators in the coming months to determine such regulatory treatment. Our current financing plans call for a need to issue modest new common equity in late 2013. The ability to repeat the cash grant on both wind farms would definitely push the need for equity past that point. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of notes for 2012, which are summarized on Slide 9. I would like to provide a bit more detail on two potential base rate cases. We are currently evaluating the need to file a Wisconsin retail electric and gas base case in 2012 with a 2013 and 2014 test year. Our preliminary analysis would support a retail electric rate increase of 3% or less. The primary drivers of the case would be the recovery of the emission control projects at Edgewater 5 and Columbia. I Bill noted earlier, the anticipated Riverside gas facility acquisition is expected to have minimal customer rate impact. Also, since the fuel monitoring level is set as part of the base rate cases in Wisconsin, any increase we may request may be offset by changes in fuel costs. We are also evaluating the need to file an IPL Iowa retail gas case for 2012, for the 2011 test year. It has been 7 years since base rates have changed for Iowa retail gas customers and during that time, plant additions have outpaced depreciation expense.  We have also experienced a 12% decline in weather normalized residential use for customer since 2004. We will be proposing the use of a tax benefit rider to offset the requested gas rate increase. Finally, I would like to inform you on a few items that should assist in modeling our future earnings. We have revised our 2012 midpoint of guidance to reflect moving RMT to discontinued operations. Our revised 2012 earnings guidance midpoint is $2.90 per share, a $0.14 increase over the non-GAAP 2011 earnings. Our 2012 utility guidance remains unchanged and reflects stable economies, normal weather conditions, and flat weather-normalized electric sales. The capital expenditure guidance for 2012 to 2015 provided in November remains unchanged. In addition, a summary of the guidance (inaudible) for 2011 to 2012 is available on Slide 10. Our target dividend payout ratio is 60 to 70% of utility earnings. The board approved an approximate 6% increase in the targeted dividend payout for 2012. Our annual dividend target is $1.80 per share, which results in a yield of over 4% to our shareowners based on our current stock price. On Slide 11, we have highlighted the 2011 quarter-over-quarter impact of the tax benefit rider. You will note that the quarter-over-quarter profile of 2012 is different than 2011. This difference is mainly due to the fact that the tax benefit rider did not go into effect until February 2011 and the 2011 results were impacted by warmer than normal summer weather, whereas 2012 guidance assumes normal weather. As a reminder, the tax benefit rider causes earnings swings from quarter-to-quarter, but does not impact earnings on an annual basis. Also on Slide 12, we have provided the drivers for the changes in the effective tax rates from 2011 to 2012. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you this year. At this time I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Miss. Kampling. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members from the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour time frame for this morning’s call. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi, good morning.
Patricia Kampling: Good Morning Brian. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Just the decision to move RMT to discontinued operations, does that mean you have kind of tested the market and feel that you could actually sell that year-end? I mean, if there have been any discussions with other parties of their interest in that subsidiary? 
William Harvey : Brian, we have done sufficient exploration to believe that we can sell the business by year-end next year, but to date there have been no serious discussions with any third party about the potential acquisition. We expect that that process will begin in earnest very shortly. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: And how would you suggest we value that business? Should we look at it from a revenue perspective or multiple to operating income or and maybe even you could talk about the backlog?
William Harvey : Sure, we are advised by people that know much more about these things than we that these businesses tend to get valued as a multiple of their EBITDA’s, depending upon where the market sits at any point in time, somewhere between two and six times EBITDA is what we are advised. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay and just any comments on the backlog? 
William Harvey : We have got about $235 million of project revenues booked for this fiscal year. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay great. Can you talk about – I know it is early in the year, but just the cost controls you are planning on implementing at each of the utility subsidiaries? 
Patricia Kampling: Sure, Brain. These cost controls have been work-in-process now for a couple of years and a lot of the work that is going on now is with our generation fleet. We have converted some of our older coal facilities to gas, the second one would be converted in the second quarter of this year. There is so much tremendous bottom line savings to the organization. And I again, we are just an organization of spending the right amount of money at the right time, very (inaudible) and very disciplined and that we are seeing the costing savings in the bottom line just seen in our results. 
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Thank you very much and Bill good luck on your future endeavors. 
William Harvey: Thanks Brian, same to you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jay Dobson, Wunderlich Securities. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Good morning Bill, congratulations on your retirement. 
William Harvey: Thank you, Jay. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And I hope there isn’t any indication in Tom’s back injury of who really did the heavy lifting this quarter. 
William Harvey: Jay, you have known me long enough to know that it sure isn’t me. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: More seriously, wanted to return to the RMT, how do you envision this process, is this going to be an auction style process, just how you envision it sort of playing out as you pursue viable buyers over the next several quarters? 
William Harvey: Honest answer at this point in time Jay, is I don’t know. That’s something that we will figure out in consultation with the advisors that we retain to help us with the transaction. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, fair enough. And how did that $235 million of backlog compare with where you were last year, has that grown or is that sort of stagnant, how would that compare? 
William Harvey: I would say it is relatively comparable to the book to business that we had in place at this time last year, plus or minus a little bit. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, fair enough. And then turning to the Colonie negotiations, it seems like that is a bit of change from last quarter, where you sort thought, Duane Arnold renegotiated that Colonie would be and now neither will be, is that a factor of natural gas prices or is it something else changing there that you could help us understand? 
William Harvey: I think what you should hear in that remark is that while our efforts at that point in time were continuing with the Dominion Resource is that we are out, the Duane suspect that Dominion would share this perspective that we are of that view that we are not going to get to a satisfactory deal and consequently we think those conversations are ended. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. So really they are at the stages as Duane Arnold, you don’t anticipate any other, it is not again a negotiating ploy or anything like that? 
William Harvey: No, we are not doing a rope a dope here. We think both parties made a very very earnest, intense, good faith effort to reach a mutually acceptable agreement and we just failed to do that, there is no hard feelings either way, but I think we are finished. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. And then last question, I know some of this is in process, but maybe you can sort of talk us through at least how you are thinking about it, and since Pat will take the baton, April 1, sort of how she is thinking about it. And I am referring to the capacity chart roll off for Duane Arnold and Colonie as you roll out into ’14 and then obviously have environmental spends coming on it variable times and obviously then the gas plant that should be adding in the 2016 timeframe. How should we think about balancing that since earnings needs will vary over that timeframe? 
Patricia Kampling: Yeah sure, really the story hasn’t changed, the timing of this just works out that we will have the large capital additions going into service at the time the capacity payments roll off. But as part of our rate case strategy we are hoping to have cases going forward with minimal customer impact even with this large capital expenditure plan, so that has not changed. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. Okay I will follow up more offline, thanks so much. 
Patricia Kampling: Okay. 
Operator: Next is Ashar Khan, Visium Asset Management. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Hi, could you just mention, you mentioned you might this $250 million of cash, if I heard it correct. To me it’s a big amount, could you just tell us, I guess the utilization of it? How should we look at it? And when we know specifically whether we have this or not? 
Patricia Kampling: Sure, but we’ll probably know, we are hoping in the second quarter once we have our conversations with our regulators on how the cash grounds would be utilized in the rate making process. I mean, really is it’s cash, it’s the grab money from both the Whispering Willow and the Bent Tree Wind Farm, you know combine the capital on those are almost $900 million, so the cash grant money is substantial. In the short run, we will be using it displace some long-term financing that we might need, but over the multiple years, it is really going to be pushing out the need for common equity. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Pat, can I ask you how much of – I guess it is a big amount, if you utilize it, how many years of common equity does it fore stall, can you help us? Based on the budgets you have given us for the next three years. 
Patricia Kampling: We see it pushing out equity at least a year. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: So, by like what? End of 2014 or 2015? 
Patricia Kampling: Yeah about that. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Okay thanks. And then can you just reiterate, I guess with RMT the growth rate still remains – your anticipated growth rate long-term? 
William Harvey: I am sorry, could repeat that? 
Patricia Kampling: It’s with the absence of RMT, would you see growth remaining same? Yes it would be. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: And can you remind us what that is? 
Patricia Kampling: We are still saying 5% to 7% a year. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: 5% to 7% per year and what would be the base here? 
Patricia Kampling: 2010 weather normalized. 
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: 2010 weather normalized, okay, thank you. 
Operator: Next is James Krapfel, Morningstar. 
James Krapfel – Morningstar: Hi, good morning. 
William Harvey: Good morning Jim. 
James Krapfel – Morningstar: You had mentioned on the call that you could get somewhere in the range of 2 to 6 times EBITDA for RMT, at least that’s what your hearing. What was EBITDA for the business, say for the last three years? 
William Harvey: It was around $6 million, $7 million. 
Patricia Kampling: Yes. 
William Harvey: Yeah, I think 6 to 8. 
James Krapfel – Morningstar: 6 to 8. And then 2011, presumably was on the lower end given the (inaudible). 
William Harvey: Definitely it was on the lower end, yes. With the New Jersey projects it was seriously negative, yeah. 
James Krapfel – Morningstar: Okay, that’s all I had thank you. 
Operator: Miss Gille, there are no further questions at this time. 
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 17, 2012 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor’s section in the company’s web site later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Susan Gille – Manager, IR Bill Harvey – Chairman and CEO Pat Kampling – President and COO Tom Hanson – CFO
Analysts: Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Alex Kania – Bank of America John Alley – Decade Capital Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy’s Third Quarter 2011 Earnings and 2012 Guidance Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Kampling, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Tom Hanson, Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy’s third quarter 2011 earnings and 2012 earnings guidance and five year capital expenditure plan. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today’s call, are available on the investor’s page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides, which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Harvey: Thank you Sue, and good morning, everyone. We want to be efficient with your time. So my comments will first focus briefly on our 2011 results thus far. And then I will provide details on the drivers behind the 2012 financial guidance and five-year capital expenditure plan we announced this morning. Later in the call, Tom will discuss third quarter results in more detail as well as important financial and regulatory matters. As noted in our press release, we posted supplemental slides on our website to assist in your 2012 guidance and third quarter 2011 earnings analysis. You may want to have these slides available for reference during our remarks. Before addressing 2012 guidance, let me comment briefly on the quarter and year-to-date results. But for the third quarter loss at RMT, those results are in line with our expectations. Our utilities continue to provide safe, reliable service to our customers, and are delivering earnings in line with guidance issued earlier this year. At the parent and IPL, the accounting for the tax benefit rider causes considerable quarter-over-quarter variation in earnings per share which will even out by year’s end. In the third quarter, $0.10 of the underperformance at the parent level is attributable to this necessary accounting variability. Tom will cover this in greater detail. In our non-regulated businesses, transportation and non-regulated generation continue to produce solid financial results. The negative performance at RMT, driven largely by a subcontractor performance failure on a solar project in New Jersey, resulted in a $0.13 loss for the quarter. This loss exceeds the $0.09 estimate previously announced. We’ve reduced our non-regulated and parent guidance for the year to reflect this circumstance. The New Jersey solar project will be completed this month and we will put this difficult experience behind us. So let’s move to 2012. The midpoint of our 2012 earnings guidance is $2.95 per share, a $0.15 increase over the midpoint of our revised 2011 guidance shown on supplemental Slide 2. Our 2012 utility guidance reflects stable economies and normal weather conditions but flat weather-normalized electric sales in Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota for 2012 compared to 2011. Forecasted 2011 and 2012 weather normalized sales by customer class may be found on supplemental Slide 3. Next year’s projected utility earnings growth is primarily a result of lower operation and maintenance expenses from operating modifications and efficiencies gained throughout the business. 2012 earnings will also benefit from lower tax expense and higher AFUDC. These positive drivers are expected to be partially offset by increased capacity and depreciation expenses. A summary of the guidance walk from 2011 to 2012 is available on supplemental Slide 4. The 2012 guidance for our non-regulated and parent businesses increased $0.15 from our updated 2011 guidance, since the $0.13 solar project loss at RMT is not expected to repeat in 2012. 2012 earnings guidance assumes RMT will contribute $0.04. Our targeted dividend payout ratio is 60% to 70% of utility earnings. Our current approved dividend is a $1.70. The Board will discuss the 2012 dividend at its December Board meeting. Now let’s discuss our five-year capital expenditure plan. The financial guidance issued this morning projects 2011 through 2015 capital expenditures of $4.7 billion. Compared to our 2010 10-K, the capital expenditure estimate has increased for 2012 and decreased for 2013 largely due to a revised timeline for the purchase of Riverside. Later this month, WPL plans to file an application with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for the purchase of Riverside in the fourth quarter of 2012. Riverside is an existing 600 megawatt combined cycle natural gas fired plant located in Beloit, Wisconsin. WPL currently has a purchased power agreement with Calpine for 490 megawatts from this facility and holds an option to purchase the entire plant. Through this purchase, WPL would increase its gas-fired capacity by approximately 110 megawatts which should assist us in addressing WPL’s future capacity needs. WPL also currently has a purchased power agreement with Dominion Resources for capacity and energy from the Kewaunee nuclear facility that is set to expire at the end of 2013. We are in on-going negotiations with Dominion regarding a new agreement. IPL also currently has a purchased power agreement with NextEra Energy for capacity and energy from the Duane Arnold nuclear facility that is set to expire in February 2014. We believe it is unlikely that we will renew this purchased power agreement with NextEra Energy. A schedule of the various capacity payments expected to be made to Calpine, Dominion, and NextEra, which exhibits a considerable decrease in capacity payments in 2014, is shown on supplemental Slide 5. The decline in these capacity payments plays an important role in how we plan to manage customer rates in the face of the rate base additions driven by our capital expenditure plan. At WPL, we are replacing capacity payments with operation and maintenance expenses and a return of and on the proposed Riverside purchase. So we do not see a material impact on Wisconsin customers’ rates as a result of this acquisition. At IPL, we are continuing the due diligence and planning related to construction of a new 600 megawatt natural gas combined cycle generating facility. The capital expenditure plan presented today anticipates expenditures related to that facility to begin in 2014. The current estimated cost of the project is between $650 million and $750 million. By constructing this plant, we would be replacing capacity payments with operation and maintenance expenses, and a return of and on an owned asset, again resulting in a minimal rate impact to Iowa customers. Regulatory approvals will be required to construct the proposed plant and we expect those filings to be made in mid-2012. If the project moves forward, our plans indicate an anticipated in-service date of no earlier than 2016. In addition to the purchase and construction of gas generation, our capital expenditure plan calls for installing emission control equipment to ensure compliance with stricter environmental rules. We plan to equip our larger plants, which we call Tier 1 units, with a full array of emission control equipment. We have provided a summary of our Tier 1 projects in supplemental Slide 6. As you can see from the slide, we plan on investing approximately $850 million in our Tier 1 plants between 2011 and 2015. The installation of structural steel and foundations for the SCR is underway at WPL’s Edgewater Unit 5. The SCR is expected to be in service in 2013. The remainder of WPL’s current Tier 1 environmental compliance plan includes installation of a scrubber and bag house at both units of the Columbia generating station and at Edgewater 5. The Columbia project has received approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission and is expected to be in-service in 2014. An engineering firm has been selected, and engineering and design work is well underway. The Edgewater 5 scrubber and bag house will require approval from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. This project is in the preliminary planning phase and is currently expected to be placed in service in 2017. IPL’s Tier 1 emissions control projects also continue to move forward. Engineering firms are engaged in the initial design and specification phase for the scrubber and bag house at the Ottumwa generating facility. The Ottumwa project is expected to be placed in service in 2014. Engineering has also begun for the scrubber project at IPL’s Lansing unit 4 which is expected to be in service in 2015. In addition, installation of a bag house, SNCR and scrubber at Neal Units 3 and 4 will start this year with estimated in-service dates for those controls expected in 2013 and 2014. IPL co-owns these plants which are operated by MidAmerican. Let’s move on to our Tier 2 plants. Our current capital expenditure projections for 2011 through 2015 include a total estimate of only $100 million for environmental controls at these plants. We have defined Tier 2 as plants which will not be fully retrofit with emission control equipment and for which we are exploring lower cost emission options. The future of these plants is dependent on the evolving environmental compliance rules as well as operational factors. Before handing off to Tom, I have a closing observation concerning RMT. We have said before that RMT is not core to our business, but that we value its robust participation in the renewables space, since we expect renewables to be part of the US energy landscape for decades to come. Over the last year, we have re-engineered the business to narrow its focus and enhance its profitability, and the business has new leadership. While we believe the business, as reengineered, is poised to succeed, the setback experienced this quarter at the solar projects in New Jersey will rightfully cause us to reassess our expectations of this business. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI finance conference next week. At this time, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Hanson: Thanks Bill and good morning to everyone. Let’s start with a recap of third quarter results. We released earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.10 per share. However, adjusting for items we typically exclude from the guidance, third quarter 2011 adjusted or non-GAAP earnings were $1.12 per share. The third quarter 2011 adjustment relates to charges for a small portion of IPL’s forward emission allowance contracts. Comparisons between third quarter 2011 and 2010 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental Slides 7, 8 and 9. The utilities generated GAAP earnings of $1.35 per share in the third quarter of 2011 compared to $1.32 per share in the third quarter of 2010. The biggest drivers of the increase in utility results include higher earnings due to IPL’s tax benefit rider, a retail base rate increase at WPL, warmer weather and lower capacity payments due to Kewaunee’s PPA. These positive EPS drivers were offset by income tax benefits from the completion of a tax audit in the third quarter of 2010, higher depreciation and operating expenses for the Bent Tree wind project, under recovery of WPL retail fuel expenses and lower residential weather-normalized electric sales. The non-regulated and parent businesses generated GAAP losses from continuing operations of $0.25 per share in the third quarter of 2011 compared to income of $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2010. The biggest drivers of the decrease in non-regulated and parent results include losses related to the solar subcontractor issue at RMT and the impact of the IPL tax benefit rider at the parent. As we discussed in the second quarter earnings call, the accounting for IPL’s tax benefit rider has given rise to considerable quarter-over-quarter variation in earnings per share at both IPL and the parent for 2011, but is not expected to have any impact on total year’s earnings. On supplemental Slide 10, we have provided an estimate of the earnings impact for both IPL and the parent for each quarter of 2011. The tax benefit rider provides a credit to customers at a rate per kilowatt hour used. However, due to accounting rules, the tax credit is recognized each quarter based upon the quarterly profile of estimated annual income. Since IPL earns a greater portion of its income in the third quarter due to summer rates and air conditioning load, a much larger portion of the annual tax credit for IPL is recognized in the third quarter. On the consolidated financials, the tax credit for each quarter is based on estimated annual consolidated income which has a different profile than IPL. The parent’s EPS impact of the tax benefit rider is the difference between the quarterly tax credit reflected on IPL’s financials, and the quarterly tax credit reflected on the consolidated financials. IPL’s net impact of the tax benefit rider for the third quarter was income of $0.12 per share and the parent EPS impact was a loss of $0.10 per share. The key takeaway from this schedule is that both of these amounts are a result of timing, and at year-end the tax benefit rider will not have an impact on earnings. Moving to the economy in our service territory, the 2011 weather-normalized sales to our industrial customers are increasing modestly while, like other utilities in our region, residential sales are decreasing when comparing 2011 to 2010 weather-normalized sales. These trends are illustrated on supplemental Slide 3. As noted in the earnings release issued this morning and on supplemental Slide 2, we have adjusted Alliant Energy’s 2011 earnings guidance with the midpoint estimate at $2.80 per share, comprised of the utilities’ midpoint of $2.75 per share and the non-regulated and parent at $0.05 per share. The guidance assumes normal weather for the last quarter of 2011. Our 2011 earnings guidance of $0.05 for non-regulated and parent is comprised of the following key items. Our transportation business is on track to contribute $0.12 and non-regulated generation is expected to contribute $0.06. These items are offset by a loss of $0.12 from RMT due to the subcontractor issue bill described earlier. Our current liquidity position is strong, totaling approximately $690 million, comprised of over $40 million of cash and marketable securities and approximately $640 million of available capacity under our credit facilities and sale of receivables program. We currently have no commercial paper outstanding at IPL or WPL, and less than $25 million of commercial paper outstanding at the parent. We plan to finance our future capital expenditure plan with cash flows from operations, short and long-term debt, and equity. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong the next few years since we do not expect to make any material federal income tax payments through 2014 due to our tax initiatives and the extension of the federal tax benefits. But these cash flow benefits will be partially offset with credits to customer’s bills resulting from the IPL’s tax benefit rider. We forecast the credits to customer bills will be approximately $60 million and $80 million in 2011 and 2012, respectively. For their short term borrowing needs, IPL and WPL are seeking regulatory authorizations in advance of renewing their credit facilities which expires in November of 2012. WPL filed a request with the PSC for authorization to issue up to $400 million of short-term borrowings. In addition, WPL also requested authorization from the PSC to issue up to $300 million for a bridge facility to finance the acquisition of Riverside. Later today, the PSC will be meeting to discuss the draft certificate of authority and order relating to these requests. IPL received the necessary FERC authorization in October to issue short-term borrowings beyond 2011. We continue to evaluate the need to issue equity to finance our future capital expenditure plan. The primary factors in determining our equity needs and timing will be, the magnitude of our capital investment opportunities, ensuring we maintain reasonable capitalization ratios and credit metrics, and prevailing market conditions. The anticipated earliest need to issue any material equity may be in 2013 to replace the short-term financing for the acquisition of the Riverside facility. One last note on our financing plans. Based on our expected valuation of our pension assets at the end of the year, we may make contributions to our pension plans in 2011 to mitigate any increases in 2012 pension costs. We have assumed no pension expense increase in our 2012 earnings guidance. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note. In Wisconsin, we filed a retail only-fuel case in May 2011. The filing included a fuel plan for 2012 under Wisconsin’s new fuel rules which became effective on January 1 of this year. The new fuel rules allow for recovery of emission control chemicals and allowances within the fuel recovery mechanism. We updated our filing in August after assessing the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule impacts on expected 2012 emission compliance costs. Our current request with the PSC is to increase annual retail electric rates by $20 million. Earlier this week, intervener and staff testimony was filed. We are expecting a decision in December with new rates effective January 1, 2012. Our 2012 earnings guidance assumes no under-collection or over-collection of fuel costs at WPL in 2012. We are currently evaluating the need to file a Wisconsin retail base case in 2012 with a 2013 and 2014 test year. The primary drivers of a 2013 and 2014 test year would be a partial recovery of the construction work in progress balance for emission control projects at Edgewater 5 and Columbia units. As Bill noted earlier, the anticipated Riverside facility acquisition is not expected to have an impact on customer rates. Since the Edgewater 5 emission control projects are to be placed in service in 2013, and the Columbia emission control projects to be placed in 2014, there is a possibility that the rate case may be opened in 2014 to adjust rates for those rate base additions. Finally, I would like to inform you of a few items which should assist you in modeling our future earnings. On Slide 11, we have highlighted the drivers for the change in our effective tax rates in 2011. Also, we have provided our expected effective tax rates included in our 2012 earnings guidance. These 2012 effective tax rates reflect the impact of additional tax benefits from the tax benefit rider and increased production tax credits expected from wind projects. In modeling the quarter-over-quarter impacts of the tax benefit rider, we suggest you follow a similar profile experienced in 2011 and reflected on supplemental Slide 10. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer period.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hanson. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour time frame for this morning’s call. Our first question comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi, good morning.
Bill Harvey: Hey Brian.
Tom Hanson: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: Just on the 2012 drivers, it looks like reduction in O&M expense of positive $0.15 is a fairly big driver. I know you guys have done a pretty good job over the last couple of years of controlling O&M. Could you just provide a little bit more insight as to your confidence level in achieving that $0.15 of growth?
Bill Harvey: The confidence level is extraordinarily high. We will achieve it. There’s no question in my mind that we will achieve it. A lot of it is just continuous improvement that occurs in the business, but there’s an awful lot going on in the industry today, and certainly a lot ongoing in our company today, as well. But an illustration of the kinds of things that are creating those cost savings opportunities relate to a Tier 2 plan in Dubuque, Iowa. It’s concurred, it’s already been converted from coal to natural gas. And that substantially reduces the operating cost of the facility. So while it seems like a big number, our confidence in realizing it is driven by inherent confidence in our ability throughout the organization. But in addition, there are quite noteworthy changes like the one I have just mentioned that are affecting our O&M profile as well, Brian.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: And also does the mid-point of your ’12 guidance assume zero impact for pension expense?
Tom Hanson: Yes. [inaudible] pension expense.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: So if there is some expense incurred, it’s not going to move the mid-point of your guidance, that might just bring it to the lower end and/or the higher end, correct?
Tom Hanson: That’s correct.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: Then also on the Riverside acquisition, it seems that it’s been accelerated by about six months. So we should expect a full year of earning return on that in ’13 versus a partial year now?
Tom Hanson: That’s correct.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay great. And what are the drivers of the revised load expectations in Iowa and Wisconsin for ’12?
Bill Harvey: The predominant change that we have seen is a modest decline in the level of residential sales that’s occurring. It’s not just IPL, it’s WPL as well. So a little more pronounced at IPL, but I think consistent with the experience being had by so many companies in this economy. We are beginning to see the economy impact the electric consumption habits of the residential customer. That’s not a good thing for us or for anybody. I guess, the happy side of the equation is that we continue to see growth on the industrial side, which we hope is more of a leading versus a lagging indicator of what’s going on in our economies. But we’ve got soft residential sales. That’s the single biggest variable by a wide margin, Brian.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and then just lastly, any progress on the Merchant Wind Farm.
Bill Harvey: It’s underway, but we have not had any setbacks at all in terms of its development. So we are optimistic that it will remain on schedule and get built at or below the costs that we have estimated.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: I guess you are still looking to sign a PPA. Is that correct?
Bill Harvey: Yes we are. And there is nothing to report on that front, although there is robust activity going on and we hope to have something to report on that, if not by the year-end, certainly by the time we issue year-end results.
Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey good morning.
Bill Harvey: Hi Jay.
Tom Hanson:  Good morning Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Bill, I was hoping to revisit the last comment you had in your prepared remarks. You used the word re-assess on RMT. Could you maybe elaborate on sort of what you are thinking there? I know you’ve always said it’s non-core, and you and I have had a number of conversations about this business. What exactly is sort of contemplating or at least considering there?
Bill Harvey: As you would expect, a wide spectrum of possibilities. Number one, we continue to own and operate the business and capitalize on the re-engineering work that’s been accomplished in the business and give the new leadership a chance to prove itself which were optimistic that it can do. Alternatively, we could look to partner with someone else in the business to get the business to a greater level of scale in the marketplace than it is today that would have the effect of reducing the risk of having a single project, have a dramatic impact on the financial performance of the enterprise. And of course the third alternative is, we could sell the business. So we are going to be looking at all of those options.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And similar to an earlier question, your confidence level in the $0.04, understanding it’s been a difficult environment for RMT’s business over the last couple of years, I feel like we’ve been talking about $0.04 for a number of years and haven’t got quite gotten there. So -- ?
Bill Harvey: Yes, our records not very good in the last couple of years, is it? Our confidence is good, if we execute efficiently on projects, we are to be able to produce $0.04 of earnings in the business. That said, you never execute perfectly. But the book of business that’s in place going into next year is good. It is all wind. There are no solar projects in the booked book to business so far for RMT next year. Although there are abundant opportunities for there to be solar projects, we’ve not booked any of them today. So our confidence is, I will call it good, but certainly shaken by the experience of the last couple of years.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Fair enough. What’s causing the acceleration in the Riverside acquisition? I thought that was pretty well sort of lined out in the call option you had. What’s allowing you to call that earlier?
Bill Harvey: It is, frankly we’d like to own the property sooner rather than later. We’d like to be financing the acquisition of the property in the interest rate environment that seems to be prevailing in the world today. It’s variables like that that auger us to accelerate the acquisition of the asset and those discussions with Calpine are ongoing. And we are optimistic that we are going to be able to reach agreement with them to accelerate the purchase of the facility. We, of course, have to respect the needs of the Wisconsin Public Service Commission in terms of reviewing our request to purchase the asset. We are hopeful that the Commission will find a way to deal with that request expeditiously. But those are nothing more intriguing than that driving the acceleration in [inaudible] purchase.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Is the price changing, Bill?
Bill Harvey: I beg your pardon.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Does the price change?
Bill Harvey: No. Does not.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay fair enough. And then on equity, Tom, you sort of accelerated, I think it was previously – no need through the end of ’13, now you are saying in ’13. Would pension contribution you are talking about for in this year, early next, impact that? And sort of how would that from a sensitivity perspective drive timing?
Tom Hanson: With the rebounding of the market here recently, and the anticipated pension contribution in 2011 will not have any impact on our future equity needs. With respect to the timing of the equity, what we want to do is tie it really to the larger projects, whether it be the likes of a Riverside or the Iowa Gas Plant, recognizing that’s dependent on certain regulatory activity. So the schedule might slide a little bit. We thought it was better to try to target equity needs to those events as opposed to maybe just an artificial date.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: No perfect. Again, considering that you will be adding those things to rate base, you ought to pretty quickly get recovery of that equity.
Tom Hanson: That is correct.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. And then last detail Tom, the tax rate at 17% was sort of maybe 200 basis points lower than I expected. But you mentioned PTCs, which I assume are associated with the commercial operation of Franklin County. Is that sort of the impact? 200-ish basis point? Or maybe sort of true us up, I know you said back at 18% and I sort of assumed that went higher in ’12 and instead it’s bit lower.
Tom Hanson: Yes, we are going to have additional production tax credits in 2012 above what we had anticipated in 2011. That’s certainly one of the primary drivers.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And that’s Franklin or that’s existing assets plus Franklin or all going there?
Tom Hanson: No, this would be principally Bent Tree. Keep in mind the Franklin project is going to be constructed in ’12. And we do not anticipate that’s going to be available then until 2013.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, fair enough. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Tom Hanson: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kania with Bank of America.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Hi good morning. Just a follow-up off of Jay’s question on the Franklin County Wind. I think that previously you’d suggested that you would be taking an ITC grant on that. Is that – do you have any kind of gain on that in 2012 or do you expect that benefit to be in 2013?
Tom Hanson: Yes our plan is to take the grant, and the expectation is that we will be recognizing in 2013, moving forward.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: And I guess when you are talking about equity and tying with new assets -- I guess investments, can you just talk a little bit about just your thoughts on balance sheet, kind of what do you – any ratios that you are targeting in particular, just to get kind of some sense of how big this would end up being?
Tom Hanson: When we look at each of the utilities, we certainly have a desire to maintain the equity levels consistent with what we have in rates currently. Recognizing in both jurisdictions will be adding a fair amount of CapEx. Some of that will be funded with debt. But we need to recognize, certainly desires to continue to keep those equity levels consistent with what we are experiencing now.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Tom Hanson: You are welcome.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Just, sorry for missing this earlier, but in 2012, the $0.15 to $0.25, can you break that down between the transportation, Sheb and RMT and then parent?
Bill Harvey: You bet Brian. Transportation about $0.12, RMT $0.04, Sheboygan Falls, the unregulated generation assets $0.06; Franklin County $0.01, and the parent costs us $0.02.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: So you are assuming $0.01 for the Franklin County Wind Farm contribution?
Bill Harvey:  Yes. Excuse me. That will be the capitalized interest during the construction period that we are recognizing in 2012.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, understood. Thanks for that. And then, is there anything ongoing on the tax planning side or with bonus, depreciation that might kind of push out the potential need for equity in ’13 or have you guys done everything you can?
Bill Harvey: Yes, we have captured for the most part everything that’s available to us.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from John Alley with Decade Capital.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Good morning. Two questions for you guys. I am sorry if I missed this. Could you explain why the tax rate was more than 2011 or the PTCs were greater than in 2011? I wasn’t sure I understood that.
Bill Harvey: Yes, we do have at Bent Tree some transmission limiting factors. And we continue to see improvement in that situation. So we would expect that there would be additional output in 2012 that will result in an additional production tax credits that we will be able to capture in 2012.
John Alley – Decade Capital: And will these benefits be ongoing post rate freeze or is this only benefit the shareholder for the next couple of years?
Bill Harvey: No, that should be ongoing. Certainly that’s our expectation.
John Alley – Decade Capital: But presumably they would calculate that in the revenue requirement in the next rate case?
Bill Harvey: Yes.
John Alley – Decade Capital: I just want to ensure that. Thank you. And that was it. Thank you.
Bill Harvey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric McCarthy with Praesidis Asset Management.
Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management: Hi good morning.
Bill Harvey: Hey Eric good morning.
Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management: And I apologize if I missed some of this. But as a follow-up to Brian’s question that he just asked, could you provide a breakdown of the non-regulated business in ’11 somewhere to how you just gave it for – how you are forecasting it for ’12?
Bill Harvey: Sure. Transportation business will earn about $0.12, RMT is going to lose $0.12, the Sheboygan Falls, unregulated generating asset will earn $0.06, the parent will cost $0.01.
Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management: Again, I am sorry if you went over this as well. But the O&M cut that you provided in the guidance for next year, what’s the split of that between Wisconsin and Iowa?
Bill Harvey: I can’t answer that right now. Can we follow up with you on that? I just don’t have the answer here Tom, do you have it? We don’t have it. We don’t have that answer here, Eric, but we will be sure to get it to you. I apologize for that.
Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management: Okay, great.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey Tom, just following up on that question, the [inaudible] costs $0.01. I assume that excludes the holding company debt, so that’s just a pure sort of O&M or SG&A?
Tom Hanson: No that includes it, Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That includes it? Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Ms. Gille, there are no further questions at this time.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 10, 2011 at 888-203-1112, for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor’s section in the company’s web site later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Susan Gille – Manager, IR William Harvey – Chairman and CEO Thomas Hanson – VP and CFO
Analysts:  Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Jim Bellessa – D.A. Davidson Alex Kania – Bank of America John Alley – Decade Capital 
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy’s Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Susan Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Kampling, President and Chief Operating Officer and Tom Hanson, Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Tom we’ll have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy’s second quarter 2011 earnings. The release and supplemental slides for today’s call are available on the Investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy’s press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in our earnings release and supplemental slides, which are available on our website, at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
William Harvey: Thank you, Sue and good morning everyone. My comments today will provide some detail on major capital projects both current and planned. Later in the call Tom will discuss second quarter results and important financial and regulatory matters. Our industry is facing a multitude of new EPA regulations, including new rules to reduce the emissions of SO2 and NOx and mercury. New rules to control coal ash handling and disposal and new rules to regulate water usage and discharge from power plants. Compliance with these new rules and the desire to have a more diversified generation portfolio are the major drivers behind our plants to transform our generation fleet. The Cross-State Air Pollution Rule which will regulate SO2 and NOx emissions was issued in July. We have various options to achieve compliance including fuel switching, reducing coal-fired generation and installation of emission control equipment. Use of the emission allowances is also available, but in our view is a tool to use on the margin, not as a permanent means of compliance. Well our planning has anticipated such regulations, we are still in the midst of understanding the implications of this rule on our fleet. Today, I will outline for you the decisions we have made thus far in a nutshell we plan to rely on all four compliance mechanisms. First, we will rely on fuel switching we are in the process of switching fuel sources at two of our generating units. This fall we plan to convert the Dubuque, Iowa Generating Station to gas. And at the Nelson Dewey Generating Station in Cassville, Wisconsin. We plan to eliminate the use of petroleum coke as a Kicker Coal. In the longer-term, we may pursue more switching, but this is what certain right now. Second, we will reduce our reliance on coal-fired generation. We have already retired 4% of our operating capacity, and we are likely to retire at least in additional 15% of our operating capacity over the next decade. The coal units under consideration for retirement totaled approximately 725 megawatts and have a net book value of approximately $180 million as of June 30, 2011. At WP&L these retirements will give rise to limited new construction needs because in the fourth quarter of 2011 WP&L plans to file an application with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for the purchase of an existing 600 megawatts natural gas-fired facility and which it holds an option to purchase. WP&L currently has a purchase power agreement with Calpine for 490 megawatts of capacity from the Riverside combining cycle generating facility located in Dewey , Wisconsin. The purchase power agreement extends through May 2013 and includes an option to purchase the entire facility at the end of the contract term. With the acquisition of this 600 megawatt energy facility WP&L would increase gas-fired generation by approximately 110 megawatts. That should address WPL’s capacity needs for some time. At IP&L there is a major factor imply in addition to retirements. We currently believe it is unlikely that IPL will enter into any long-term agreement with NextEra energy for the purchase of electricity generated by the Duane Arnold nuclear power plant beyond the current purchase power agreement term which is set to expire in February 2014. When we couple the absence of the Duane Arnold PPA extension with forecasted plant retirements our resource plan calls were approximately 700 megawatts of new generation for IPL. As a result we have begun initial planning for one alternative to meet those needs namely the construction of a new 600 megawatt natural gas combining cycle generating facility. The current estimated cost of such a project is between $650 million and $750 million. Our plan to indicate an anticipated in service date no earlier than 2016. Regulatory approvals would be required to construct such a facility. If the project moves forward we would expect those regulatory filings to be made in mid 2012. And finally we will install emission control equipment to assure compliance with the new rules. We plan to equip our larger generating units with a full array of emission control equipment. We classify these as our Tier 1 units. We provided a summary of our Tier 1 projects in supplemental slide number seven. Engineering and design work for the planned SCR equipment at WPL’s Edgewater Unit number 5 is essentially complete and construction has begun. The estimated capital expenditures for this project are approximately $155 million and the SCR is expected to be in service in 2013. All regulatory approvals for this project have been received. Engineering firms had been selected for the scrubber and baghouses at both units of the Columbia Generating Station as well as the Ottumwa Generating Facility. WPL’s estimated share of the Columbia project is approximately $290 million and IPL’s estimated share of the Ottumwa project is approximately $175 million. These controls are expected to be placed in service in 2014. The engineering firm has also been selected for the approximately $50 million scrubber project at IPL Lansing Unit number 4. The scrubber at Lansing is expected to be in service in 2014. All regulatory approvals had been received for these projects. Also installation of a baghouse SCR and scrubber at Neal Units 3 and 4 will start this year and the estimated in service date for these controls are 2013 and 2014. We call all these units with Mid American and our estimated share of these projects is approximately $135 million. All regulatory approvals have been received for these projects. The emission control projects I’ve just described our four units we have classified as Tier 1. Please also note that we are reviewing the projected capital expenditures disclosed on the left side of slide seven. While our review is not complete it does appear as though these estimates may be on the high side, but not my wide margin. Our current emission planning includes construction of emission controls project represented by the grey boxes on the right side of slide seven. Our current plans have construction expenditures for the grey boxes starting after 2013 with in service dates no later than 2020. For example our post 2014 emission control plan includes installation of a scrubber and baghouse at Edgewater 5. Using the Columbia baghouse and scrubber as a proxy we would estimate the capital expenditures for this project to be approximately $350 million. We plan to add greater clarity on our future capital expenditures by the end of this year. We have defined Tier 2 units as units which will not be fully retrofit with emission control equipment and for which we are exploring lower cost emission control options. The future of these units is dependent on the evolving environmental compliance rule and many operational factors. While we plan to install lower cost emission control equipment on some of our Tier 2 units, other Tier 2 units will not be operating beyond the proposed utility MACT compliance deadline of late 2014. Our current capital expenditure projections for 2011 through 2013 do not include estimates for lower cost emission controls which may be installed on Tier 2 units. However, a very rough estimate of our Tier 2 construction expenditures through 2015, would be around $200 million. Now let’s turn to our Wind business. We’ve been very pleased with the performance of the Whispering Willow, East and Bent Tree Wind Farms. For the second quarter of this year, Whispering Willow experienced a capacity factor of 38%, which is up from the 15% capacity factor experienced in the second quarter of 2010. Being increased is largely due to transmission upgrades in the area. The Bent Tree Wind project experienced a capacity factor of 29% for the second quarter of this year. This two exceeded our expectations. And finally we have decided to utilize the remaining 100 megawatts of turbines under our 2008 Wessex agreement to build a non-regulated wind project in Franklin county, Iowa near the Whispering Willow, East site. This site is a great location based on the high wind regime and transmission upgrade were already in progress. To accomplish this IPL sold the 1000 megawatts of turbines and land rights to a subsidiary of Alliant Energy resources for $150 million which represented the book value of the payments made to-date. We will complete construction of the Franklin County wind project by the end of 2012 to maximize tax benefits available from this project. In the coming months, we will be pursuing options for the sale of the power generated by this facility. Options include a purchase power agreement with one and more independent third-parties a purchase power agreement with one or both of our utilities. And the sales of the power into the MISO market as a merchant generator. The total estimated cost of the project is about $235 million excluding capitalized interest costs. So in closing let me recap the priorities as we execute our plan. First, we continue to provide safe, reliable service to our customers through a very hot and stormy summer. Second, we’re working to obtain a balance generation portfolio well trying to mitigate rate increases. Third, we will execute our environmental control programs as part of our plan and our ongoing commitment to agree in our future. And finally, we will work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to receive all remaining approvals of our strategic plan proposals in a timely manner. We appreciate your continued support of our company. And at this time I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Hanson: Thanks, Bill and good morning to everyone. My remarks this morning will recap the second quarter results affirm our 2011 earnings guidance and provide details of our financing and regulatory plans. Let’s start with a recap of second quarter results. We released earnings this morning with our GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.46 per share. However, adjusting for items we typically exclude from the guidance second quarter 2011 adjusted or non-GAAP earnings were $0.44 per share which matches second quarter 2010 non-GAAP earnings. Comparisons between second quarter 2011 and 2010 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides two, three and four. The second quarter 2011 adjustments include tax benefits from Wisconsin tax legislation, regulatory related charges and credits from IPL’s Minnesota electric retail rate case decision a cash balance plan pension plan, charge and regulatory asset impairments. The biggest drivers of the second quarter 2011 adjusted utility results compared to those of 2010 were higher revenues due to implementation of new base rates at WPL, the effective tax rate adjustments at parent, and lower capacity payments due to a scheduled outage at Kewaunee. These positive EPS drivers were offset by higher depreciation and operating expenses for the Bent Tree wind project and accounting for IPL’s tax benefit writer which gives rise to a considerable quarter-over-quarter variation in EPS but is not expected to have a material impact on 2011 total year earnings. On supplemental slide five, we have provided an estimate of the reduction of revenues and increased in tax benefits for each quarter in 2011 then looking at the full year the tax benefit writer also referred to as the customer cost management plan is not expected to have a material impact to earnings. Looking at the economy for our service territory overall retail electric sales increased 1% during the first half of 2011 compared to the first half of 2010. Sales to our industrial customers rose 3%, while residential and commercial customer class’s sales were flat for the first half of 2011 compared to the same period last year. We are pleased with the performance of generating fleet this summer, especially when IPL set a new peak of approximately 3150 megawatts on July 18. The hot humid weather tests our plants and electrical grid. But we are pleased to report that we met the demand of our customers and kept outages to minimum storms notwithstanding. Today, we affirmed Alliant Energy’s 2011 earnings guidance with the midpoint at $2.88 per share comprise the utility’s midpoint of $2.73 per share and the non-regulated and parent at $0.15 per share. The guidance provided includes a forecasted weather normalized retail electric sales growth of approximately 1% to 1.5%. The guidance assumes normal weather for the second half of 2011. Although, we did expect July weather to provide an additional $0.12 to $0.14 to earnings but we are not at this time revising guidance to reflect weather experience thus far in the third quarter. As stated in previous years, we are a second half company, it is important to remember that due to the summer versus winter, normal sales volumes and pricing differentials IPL is forecasted to earn over one half and WPL is forecast almost one-third of their total 2011 net income during the third quarter. When reviewing the 2011 guidance please note we are revising our effective tax rate assumption at AEC due to the tax benefit from the Wisconsin 2011 to 2013 Budget Bill guide into law on June 26, 2011. The law allows Alliant Energy to share pre 2009 Wisconsin net operating losses among the combined group to offset future taxable income over the next 20 years which is estimated to decrease the effective tax rate assumption at AEC for 2011 from approximately 22% to 18% as highlighted in supplemental slide six. Turning to our non-regulated businesses our transportation business is on track to contribute $0.11 to our 2011 guidance and for the second quarter of 2011 it increased earnings by $0.01 when comparing it to the result of the second quarter of 2010. For RMT we affirm the 2011 earnings guidance above $0.04 per share. RMT increased their earnings by $0.02 when comparing the result of second quarter 2011 versus 2010. We are encouraged with the pipeline of wind and solar projects RMT for the balance of this year as well as 2012. As we believe there will be a raise to complete wind projects priors to the exploration of the federal renewable energy incentives currently slated to end in December 2012. Financing utilities capital expenditure plan includes a combination of internally generated funds, equity infusions from cash experiment and debt. Our current 2011 financing plans do not include the issuance of long-term debt however that can change based on market conditions. At this time, we do not expect to issue any material equity through 2013. Our liquidity position is strong, totaling approximately $650 million priced of over $20 million of cash in marketable securities and over $630 million of available capacity under our credit facility and sale of receivable program. We currently have no commercial paper outstanding at IPL or WPL. We are forecasting approximately $750 million to $800 million in operating cash flows during 2011 due to the combined benefits of rate release and tax strategies, bonus depreciation, repair expenditures and mixed service cost additions, deductions taken on prior year tax returns contribute to taxable losses. Federal legislation passed in 2010 allows for bonus depreciation to continue in to 2011 and 2012. These additional bonus depreciation deductions are expected to add to our current net operating loss position through 2012. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note. In Wisconsin we filed a retail field only rate case in May 2011. The rate filing included a fuel plan for the 2010 under – 2012 under Wisconsin new field rules which became effective in January 1st of this year. The new field rules allow for recovery of emission control chemical and allowances within the fuel recovery mechanism. We plan to update our filing later this month after assessing the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule impact on expected 2012 emission control costs. We are currently evaluating the need to file a Wisconsin retail based rate case in 2012 with a 2013 test year. The primary drivers of a 2013 test year case would be partial recovery of the construction and working progress balance for emission control projects at Edgewater 5 and Columbia units. The anticipated gas facility acquisition discussed by Bill earlier is expected to have a minimal customer rate impact. We will eliminate the current recovery of the capacity payments under the existing Riverside PPA and replace that cost of service with an addition to rate case and associated depreciation and OEM expense. In 2010, IPL requested a rate increase of approximately $50 million in Minnesota and in July 6, 2010 was granted interim rates that increased annual electric revenues by approximately $40 million. On June 16, 2011 the MPUC issued its oil decision approving annual estimated electric retail rate increase of approximately $11 million with a return on equity of 10.35% and a regulatory capital structure of 47.7% common equity. In the oil decision the MPUC approved a renewable energy writer allowing IPL to recover $51 per megawatt hour from the Minnesota portion of the energy generated by Whispering Willow-East Wind farm. Also the MPUC authorized an additional amount to be refunded to customers for the transmission sale which concluded in 2007. Interim rates will remain in effect until the MPUC issues a final written decision and the difference between the interim and the final rates will be refunded to customers with interest. We anticipate the MPUC will issue the final written decision later this quarter. We are in the process of finalizing the regulatory filing calendar related to the capital expenditures outlined in Bill’s remark. We plan to provide more clarity concerning the future of coal-fired facilities and update our capital forecasted capital expenditures by the end of the year. At that time we will provide our regulatory filing calendar related to our capital expenditure plan. At this time I will turn the call back to the operator to facilitate the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy’s management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour timeframe for this morning’s call. (Operator Instructions). And we’ll take our first question from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi. Good morning.
William Harvey: Good morning Brian.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: I apologize because I got on the call a little bit late, but could you just reiterate the comments you made earlier. I think about the Duane Arnold’s nuclear contract and then the timing of a potential CCGT?
William Harvey: Sure, the what I said Brian is that we currently think it is unlikely that we will be able to re-negotiate and extension of the Duane Arnold PPA with NextEra and if we factor the absence of that PPA together with currently anticipated retirements of coal-fired capacity at IP&L we envisioned a need for incremental generating resource of about 700 megawatts in the 2016 or later timeframe. One of the alternatives that we are considering for fulfilling that need is the construction of a new combined cycle facility at IP&L and what I’ve indicated was that would costs between $650 million and $750 million it would not go into service earlier than 2016 and if we elect to proceed with that alternative we would make regulatory filings in Iowa in the middle part of 2012.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. It’s my understanding that the Duane Arnold PPA that expires in ‘14. So why don’t you need the, to make up that capacity until ‘16?
William Harvey: We have experienced an economic recession which did have, did have an impact on our load profiles in the State of Iowa, that’s certainly contributes to a sliding backwards in terms of requirements plus the actual timing of retirements is ambiguous and uncertain. At this point in time all of that said Brian the physical reality is that it would be a very unlikely that you could get a combined cycle facility through the regulatory process and constructed before 2013 as well. So ‘16, 2016 as well. So all of those variables leads to that signaled timing.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and then on the tax benefit rider, is this kind of a – is this just the 2011 event or is this something that we’re going to experience in ‘12 and ‘13?
William Harvey: Yeah Brian that’s part of the rate case in Iowa. The expectation is that we would have benefits that would crew back to the rate peers in Iowa in ‘11, ‘12 and ‘13. and the estimate for 2011 is $61 million and if you take a look at bottom of slide, supplemental slide 5, we’ve tried to identify the impact by quarter.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Right, okay. And on the Vestas turbine redeployment as an unreg asset what type of returns on your investment do you expect from that?
William Harvey: Well it will depend on the nature of the off-take, the arrangements that are put in place. We can’t really estimate that with any meaningful certainty. At this juncture, obviously we’re going to capture as good and consistent the return as we can on that investment. But, it would be facetious of me to suggest that we know what it is today without having the off-take arrangements in place.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: When would you expect off-takes and when do you think that plan would be operational?
William Harvey: Well it should be operational in end of 2012. We want to get it in service, so that we capture all of the tax benefits.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: That’s right.
William Harvey: In fact we want to get it in service so that we can exploit the wonderful wind regime and transmission environment that exists at that site as I indicated in the remarks. We are seeing capacity factors out of Whispering Willow, East approaching 40% that’s pretty cosmic.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: And then lastly, I think correct me if I’m wrong but there is no equity needed through 2013 and that’s compares to your previous guidance of no equity through 2012?
William Harvey: That’s correct.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey, good morning Bill.
William Harvey: Good morning, Jay.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Question for you continuing on the Vestas turbine decision. Could you give us a little background I know in the first quarter call you sort of said you’re looking at a number of options one you chose obviously building at yourself and selling the assets or the turbine that might require rate down. I’m just wondering how you came about the decision to just sort of go forward with this on your own. It certainly gives us the uncertainty you mentioned in a moment ago?
William Harvey: Sure, happy to give you a sort of abbreviated color on that decision making process. It starts off – if we had our overwhelming preference obviously we’d be deploying these turbines as a utility asset at either IP&L or WP&L. That sort of goes without saying because we’re regulated utility business but the reality is that we’ve got sufficient positions in place to meet our renewable portfolio standards in Wisconsin and we have sufficient positions in place to meet existing renewable portfolio standards in Iowa. And I think it’s fair to say that the cost of the economic situation that pervades in nation today there is an increased sensitivity to the cost of renewable energy and the impact that those cost could have on customer rates. And so I guess not deploying them as strictly utility-owned assets is heavily influenced by those two variables. We did consider selling the turbines outright, but rejected that as an alternative because we like the technology, we have the technology deployed throughout our owned wind farm portfolio. And so we like to deploy that turbine in our projects. And finally four better ways we think for better. We own rights to develop incremental wind generation capacity in and around the Whispering Willow East site. And the reality is number one it’s a great wind site, wonderful wind regime. Number two because of the construction of Whispering Willow East. The transmission infrastructure necessary to liberates sales from that area is either completed or near completion. And the reality is if anybody reads the trade press today one of the greatest constraints to the development of more wind resource in this country is transmission. And we’ve got a great site with good transmission. And frankly we’re covered this, we want to use that site up before developments in the rest of the system and area create new current transmission constraints which would make it difficult to take energy out of that wonderful wind sites. So we want to take advantage of it and capture the access from that site to the market place while it’s still exist that really is the in a nutshell the decision making process we went through.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. That’s very, very helpful but in light of the regulatory constraints you mentioned is not make a contract either of your owned utilities somewhat less likely so that you will be looking as you mentioned for sort of a third-party contract?
William Harvey: Yes, no I don’t think so Jay and the reason I say that is contracts don’t have to be 10 years long or 20 years long or 30 years long they can be three years long, they can be five years long. And it is not at all illogical to need to see the energy from this wonderful wind site fit very nicely into the energy supply portfolio of either of our utilities because as you know both of our utilities are energy short.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got it. That’s helpful.
William Harvey: Okay.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: And RMT would have an inside track on hoping you build this too. So there is a I believe in the family. Bill with the 235 you mentioned as total costs include the 115 so the additional capital we’re talking about like 120 or there is apples and oranges?
William Harvey: Yes, you are correct it includes the 115.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. So incremental capital you will need to spend as Alliant Energy will be a 120 on top of that excluding any capitalized interest costs?
William Harvey: That’s correct.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Great.
William Harvey: That’s correct.
James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Thank you very much. I appreciate the insights.
William Harvey: You are welcome.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Jim Bellessa with D.A. Davidson.
Jim Bellessa – D.A. Davidson: Hey, good morning guys.
William Harvey: Good morning Jim.
Jim Bellessa – D.A. Davidson: Most of my questions have been answered. This is actually Mike here for Jim by the way. I got curious about the additional land you have near the Whispering Willow-East location. How much more could you support at that site in addition to that?
William Harvey: The total site capability is 500 megawatts Mike. We already have 200 there. This would be an incremental 100, so there is an extra 200 megawatts of developed siting capability at Whispering Willow East. We also have additional developed siting capability at the Bent Tree site too is a 500 megawatt – 400megawatt site I’m being corrected – correctly so. That’s a 400 megawatt site that we have 200 megawatts constructed upon already. So we’ve got undeveloped – developed capacity at both of those sites.
Jim Bellessa – D.A. Davidson: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alex Kania with Bank of America.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Hey. Good morning.
William Harvey: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: I got a couple questions, the first is the follow-up on the wind. Have you guys figured it out what type of tax stream you want to use for that asset? I am just thinking that you have – pretty recently you’ve done a lot of work on kind of reducing your federal cash tax obligations, so I’m wondering if maybe the convertible ITC or ITC grant would be profitable to the TTC.
William Harvey: Yeah, this time we are most likely going to pursue the grant option.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: The grant, okay, TTC great. And then you talked about the Duane Arnold I mean I guess not likelihood of signing a long term contract there, how you – what you’re really speaking on Kewaunee in Wisconsin, is it – do you feel like you have an opportunity to extend that contract with Dominion or do you think you’d also want to let that one expire and look at the market?
William Harvey: We very much like to reach an agreement with Dominion that we think is good for our customers. I would say that I’m more optimistic certainly about the prospects of doing that at Kewaunee than I am about Duane Arnold. That said Kewaunee remains a work in progress.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Great.
William Harvey: We continue to discuss.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Great. And last question is just little bit more clarity on the comments you had on guidance. It sounded like so far in Q3 with getting some pretty good weather that you’re running I guess ahead of what’s the midpoint of your guidance range, but you’re kind of waiting to see towards the end of the quarter to see if those trends continued before you make any changes with respect to guidance?
William Harvey: I think that’s right. Obviously, for us and for most of the country, July was a doozy. It’s been very hot and as Tom indicated we currently estimate earnings in excess of those associated with normal weather of would I say $0.11 to $0.13...
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah.
William Harvey: Or $0.12 to $0.14 or even want to understate it, but yet obviously at substantial and so far in August it’s the heat has continued but to Tom’s point we are a third quarter company and Lord knows we could end up having the balance of August and September through the expiration of our seasonal rates. It could get cold. Who knows and they are drifting on more fairly conservative lot and we don’t want to bank the third quarter yet just because of the extraordinarily hot weather in July. We want to wait and see the way the quarter plays out.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Great. And then last question is just you talked about updating your or giving a kind of an update on CapEx I guess into ‘14 by the end of the year would it be fair to assume that you’d give a kind of a look on 2012 at that time as well.
William Harvey: That is correct.
Alex Kania – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
William Harvey: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We’ll go next to John Alley with Decade Capital.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Good morning.
William Harvey: Good morning, John.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Just a quick question, if you could elaborate a little bit more on why you don’t think you could come to another PPA with NextEra or Duane Arnold because I joined the call later I don’t know if you already hit that?
William Harvey: No, no. no it’s okay, I think the pricing for both sites have attacked the issue in the very best of faith. We harbor no negative feelings as it relates to NextEra at all. The reality is an extension of the PPA relating to Duane Arnold is a commercial and economic and financial negotiation. And I don’t think the parties were able to get into the same ballpark in the conversation and at some point in time you have to fisher, cut bait and move on to make sure that we take whatever steps are necessary to meet our obligations to customers. And that really in a nutshell is where we are and what happened.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Great. And as far as the new wind project goes I know your preference is do it within the utility, but how open are you, do you keeping those merchant?
William Harvey: Keeping those what.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Merchant.
Susan Gille: As a merchant.
William Harvey: As a merchant.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Merchant facility.
William Harvey: It will all depend upon what happens in the marketplace number one, number two what kind of optic arrangements we’re able to put in place. Concerning the power produced by the facility. If that yields something that is attractive to us we’d be completely opened to keeping these resources as unregulated assets for a very long time. It is all about economics and frankly all about exploiting the value of that tremendous win site.
John Alley – Decade Capital: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi, just a follow-up on the CapEx update that we’re expecting, based on your most recent CapEx disclosures, would you say that the updated CapEx is going to be more or less on the multiyear basis relative to what you previously laid out?
William Harvey: It’s probably going to be a little higher Brian, but it’s not going to be significantly different from what the existing guidance is out there.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Thank you.
William Harvey: And then Brian, as we said before, we will be showing that later in the year in terms of our CapEx plan for the next several years and then the corresponding financing plan to achieve that CapEx expenditure profile.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 11, 2011, at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference pass code 8244179. In addition, an archive of our conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company’s website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Sue Gille – Investor Relations Bill Harvey – Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Pat Kampling – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Management Chris Bassett – Decade Capital Oliver King – Zimmer Lucas
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Alliant Energy's 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference will be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Sue Gille, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Sue Gille:  With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Pat Kampling our Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Pat we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2009 second quarter earnings. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investor page of our Website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update those forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Harvey: Thank you, Sue, and welcome to our Investor Relations team. I want to take a moment and thank Jamie Freeman for representing our company during the past two years. Jamie's efforts are greatly appreciated by both the company and we think the investment community.  My comments today will focus on three areas. First, our second quarter results, second, changes in our 2009 guidance and the variables giving rise to that change, third, a recap of our position on Waxman-Markey. Pat will follow with a discussion of some key financial matters, a status report on our two critical pending rate cases and an update on various strategic projects. Then we will welcome your questions. Before addressing my three identified areas, I will take this opportunity to put 2009 in context, at least as we see it. Our guidance issued in December included challenges arising out of a couple of circumstances. Notably, our rate case outcome in Wisconsin that did not take into account how sales were impacted by a recessed economy and increased pension and transmission costs in Iowa, which would not be recovered until interim rates went into effect at the end of the first quarter. With our first quarter results, we announced that cost cutting measures were being implemented to offset an expected further decline in industrial sales. Unfortunately, since that time we have experienced incremental weakness in the economy and the coldest July in recorded history in our service territories. These external events compel us to lower the outlook for the year. We do not believe that prudent cost controls can overcome the negative effects of the ongoing deterioration of economy-dependent sales and the extraordinarily cool summer we've experienced to date. At the same time the utilities were experiencing negative weather and economic impacts on sales, the wind development market in the U.S. has slowed to a craw, leading us to revise RMT's prospects for the year as well. As we will discuss throughout the call, we believe that our travails of 2009, while painful, will not be permanent. With reasonable rate relief and an expected resurgence in the wind development market, we expect a much brighter 2010 in just a few short months. So enough reflection; let's get to the specific purposes of the call. First, let's discuss the second quarter. Second quarter utility earnings were down $0.09 versus the same period last year. Excluding $0.08 of nonrecurring charges, our second quarter earnings, utility earnings were about flat compared to 2008. Let me break down those nonrecurring charges  Two of the $0.08 arises from an impairment charge against the steam infrastructure at our 6th Street Generating Plant in downtown Cedar Rapids. You will recall that this 100-year-old facility, whose primary function was to provide co-generated steam to downtown customers for both processed and heating applications, was severely damaged in the 2008 flood.  Rebuilding the facilities to support its core steam functions proved economically prohibitive to customers, so we've decided to cease all steam production from this facility, thus giving rise to the impairment. The other $0.06 of nonrecurring charges relate to employee severance and retirement charges associated with the workforce restructuring segment of our cost reduction efforts. The restructuring effort affected approximately 225 utility employees and included elimination of executive, management and staff positions as well as ceasing operations at four infrequently operated and expensive generating units at WP&L. These reductions were difficult for us but will serve to mitigate the rate adjustments we seek from customers in our pending rate cases. I would note that the benefits of this restructuring will be realized in the third and fourth quarters and in 2010 while all expenses associated with it were booked in the second quarter of 2009. Lower operating and maintenance expenses enabled us to hold our own despite weak sales and a reduced benefit under the Wisconsin fuel rules. I'll touch on each of those variables briefly, first sales. Second quarter retail electric sales were down 8% versus 2008. Residential and commercial were down 2% and 3% respectively while industrial sales were down about 13%. Lower industrial and wholesale sales reduced second quarter earnings about $0.03 versus 2008.  Comparing the second quarter 2009 versus 2008, IPL and WPL experienced industrial sales declines of 14% and 13% respectively. At IPL, we had expected a decline of about 9% owing to the anticipated start-up of approximately 200 megawatts of new customer-owned generation facilities. Setting aside the expected decline, sales on the industrial side at IPL were down about 5%. Industrial sales to agribusiness customers are holding up well in the recession, but other traditional manufacturing operations, which make up about 30% of IPL industrial sales, are seeing deterioration. The 13% industrial decline at WPL was considerably worse than we expected. Although the sales decline appears to have slowed, there is little evidence that any sales recovery is forthcoming over the near term.   Based on year-to-date results and discussions with key customers, we are further lowering our industrial sales expectations at both IPL and WPL, and we are lowering our wholesale sales forecast at WPL where our wholesale customers are experiencing declines in their sales similar to what we are seeing at the retail level. For the first half of 2009, declines in industrial kilowatt hour sales are larger than declines in industrial margins. We expect to see a larger decline in industrial margins in the second half of 2009 due to higher energy and demand charges in effect during the summer months. As a reminder, industrial sales make up almost 50% of our retail sales, which is double the national average of 25%. Pat will discuss the implications of these sales profiles on our rate cases in a few moments. Next, let's discuss the less favorable impacts attributed to fuel costs at WPL compared to last year. The design of the Wisconsin electric fuel rules can cause swings in earnings since fuel costs are recognized as expenses when incurred but the fuel component within revenue remains constant. WPL actually experienced a $0.03 benefit attributable to declining electric fuel costs this quarter, but that is less than the $0.06 of benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2008, thus giving rise to an unfavorable quarter-to-quarter comparison. All of these puts and takes aside, I note that for all of 2008, WPL recorded a $0.02 benefit related to electric fuel costs and we expect 2009 to produce a similar result.  The final item to note concerning earnings at our utilities is that lower O&M costs increased earnings by over $0.05 for the second quarter. We remain committed to controlling costs at all levels of the organization and expect cost savings measures that we have put in place to have a greater impact on earnings per share in the second half of 2009. On the unregulated side, transportation performed well but RMT results for the quarter were down $0.03 versus the same period last year and year-to-date RMT results show a loss of $0.02. The explanation is simple. There is a lot of talk about wind development but very little of it is actually happening. RMT has retained its market share, but in a stalled market that translates to sparse earnings. Next, let me switch gears and discuss the revised guidance for 2009. As we've said often, we are a second half company from a utility earnings perspective. While we do not typically change or narrow guidance until the third quarter is complete, we have decided to lower the mid-point of the utility range by $0.30. The drivers of the decrease are record cool July weather, the continual weakening of industrial and wholesale sales during the summer rate period and various factors increasing our expected effective tax rate for the year. This reduction in guidance does not reflect the one-time negative $0.08 of restructuring and impairment charges booked in the second quarter or the one-time positive $0.36 impact of the changes in taxes due to the new Wisconsin combined reporting legislation that was discussed in our first quarter call and release. With respect to the impacts of weather on guidance, we decided not to enter into a summer weather hedge this year since the cost of doing so was prohibitive compared to prior years and compared to the insurance benefit we would have received. The average temperatures for the month of July were the lowest in recorded history across our service territory with cooling degree days over 70% below normal. Our preliminary estimate is that July weather will negatively impact earnings by about $0.12 per share. While our utility guidance typically assumes normal weather, we simply cannot ignore what we already know about July in providing full-year guidance to you today.  With respect to our non-regulated earnings guidance, our previous full-year guidance for RMT was based on the belief that the wind market would remain vibrant, even if not growing, and consequently that new installed wind capacity and RMT earnings would be flat compared to 2008. However, the American Wind Energy Association is now forecasting new installed capacity to be down 40% for 2009 and General Electric's energy infrastructure division puts that same number at 50%. Our own experience is that while the pipeline of projects in the planning stages is impressive, very few projects are moving forward to the execution phase. While we are lowering our earnings expectation for RMT in 2009 from $0.12 to $0.03 per share, we are confident the business can produce strong earnings in 2010 when we expect the wind market to rally. A summary of the changes to our 2009 earnings guidance is available in our earnings release and on posted slide number four.  Finally, I'd like to provide you with an update on our involvement in the House and Senate climate bills. We've been actively trying to improve the climate bill as it's made its way through the legislative process.  One aspect that could really impact the cost to our customers is how the allowances are distributed. The House bill contains a flawed formula that would give valuable allowances away to utilities based 50% on sales and 50% on emissions.  So a large utility with few emissions would receive allowances in excess of their requirements while utilities that are smaller and rely more heavily on fossil fuels would face a severe shortfall the first year of the program and the shortfalls only get worse with every following year.  That's simply unfair and bad public policy. We're trying to improve this formula and other parts of the bill to minimize the cost to our customers but at the same time preserve the environmental integrity of the program to ensure that emissions are reduced. We believe both can be done in concert.  In closing, let me recap the takeaways of the second quarter. For the utility business earnings continue to be challenged by economic and weather factors. Our employees have sacrificed pay and benefits to help partially offset these challenges and our investors are realizing returns on equity well below those authorized in retail rates.  We are looking to our regulators to promptly and thoroughly administer the regularity compact in our pending rate cases to provide our utilities a fair opportunity to earn their authorized returns. For RMT earnings will disappoint in 2009, but we believe their position in the wind construction market remains strong and we expect significant growth for this business as the renewable construction market expands.  We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and at this time I'm going to turn the call over the Pat. 
Pat Kampling:  I would like to begin by updating you on the company's liquidity position. In July both IPL and WPL issued a total of $550 million of long-term debt. We are very pleased with a strong interest from investors on the attractive yields we received.  Just this week we made a planned $50 million contribution to our pension plans and paid off the $135 million of debt maturing at IPL. Currently we have approximately $400 million of cash and marketable securities and approximately $600 million of availability under our credit facilities for a total liquidity position of around $1 billion. Our liquidity position remains strong and we are well positioned to finance our significant investments and renewable energy, environmental control projects and advanced metering infrastructure.  We were hopeful that our various utility wind projects would be able to take advantage of the Treasury grants offered by the American Recovery and Reinvestment act. We viewed this option as a unique opportunity to provide immediate relief to customers through a reduction to rate base and to reduce our own financing needs.  However, based on initial comments from the U.S. Treasury we believe that the grant would be subject to normalization rules which would require us to float the grant benefits to our customers over the book life of the investment versus an immediate reduction in revenue requirements.  As a result, unlike many merchant generators that are choosing the cash grant to improve their upfront cash flow by reducing the need for a partner with taxable appetite, our regulated utility customers will benefit more through the election of production tax credits.  One final note on financing matters, as we have previously communicated we do not expect to issue any new common equity through 2010. We now expect to be able to extend this timeline even further into the future as result of cash flow benefits of various tax initiatives and stimulus programs. So in the midst of the utility's largest capital deployment program we do not anticipate needing any new external common equity through the end of 2011.  Turning to regulatory matters last month the Office of Consumer Advocate and other interveners filed testimony in our Iowa retail electric rate case. We will file rebuttal testimony by August 21 to formally respond in detail to the various OCA positions we strongly disagree with, but we're not surprised by the OCA's position on reduced recovery of certain items particularity transmission expense.  While we were hopeful that we could reach a settlement with the OCA on some or all the matter there appears that at this time that a settlement in the case is not likely. We look forward to advancing our case during the public hearings in October and expect the Iowa Utility Board's decision in January of 2010. As a reminder the IUB staff does not file testimony in the Iowa rate case proceedings, but the IUB board members are present during the proceedings.  Bill mentioned earlier that we are now experiencing weaker than expected sales at IPL. As you are aware, Iowa uses historic test year and rate proceedings and the sales reflected in the case are not weather normalized. As a result the sales level that will be used to establish final rates in our current case was based on 2008 actual sales with adjustments made primarily for the known changes due to customer co-generation projects coming online this year.  However, when we file our 2009 test year case early next year which will set rates for calendar year 2010, our interim rates will be based on actual 2009 sales, which will be lower than normal since they will not be weather-adjusted.  Due to this we do not anticipate a significant disconnect between our IPL 2010 sales forecast and the sales forecast that will be reflected in customer rates for next year. Please recall that IPL will be filing for a rate increase in 2010 to seek recovery of the pre-approved Whispering Willow Wind Farm and environmental capital.  In our Wisconsin retail rate case staff and intervener testimony are due by September 15 and hearings begin on October 7. We do expect a final order sometime in December with new rates effective on January 1, 2010.  The most important issue in this case is that rates must take into account the lower retail kilowatt hour sales. While WPL's 2009 retail electric sales were down 6% versus 2008 I want to remind you that the current sales variance against what is reflected in customer rates for 2009 was a staggering 12%.  This discrepancy, even after taking our cost savings actions into account, we estimate the retail business at WPL will earn a return on equity below 6% for 2009. We are very fortunate that although many of the communities we serve are feeling the impact of the economic decline our customer's accounts receivables increased only slightly compared to prior years.  Late last month we filed additional testimony in the rate case which further lowered our 2010 industrial electric sales forecast. The additional 4% kilowatt hour sales reduction, since the original filing in May, was caused by persistent weakness in the Wisconsin economy.  With July's filing we updated our revenue request by $17 million as a result of these reduced sales levels, revising the timing of expenditures for Bent Tree and increases in the advanced metering infrastructure or AMI project expenditures.  We remain committed to working with the commission staff and other parties in the case to identify approaches to minimize the impact of our proposed rate increase on our customers without compromising WPL's ability to earn its authorized return.  Constructive outcomes in both cases are necessary to provide our utilities a reasonable opportunity to earn return on equity that is authorized in the respective rate orders from each state. Our view is that both cases are driven by a relatively small number of large dollar items that are traditionally fully recovered in rates. We will continue to aggressively support our filings in the coming months to produce a strong record for the Iowa Utilities Board and Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to consider in their deliberations.  I will now provide an update of our capital projects including the utility wind farms. Construction activity continues at IPL's 200 megawatt Whispering Willow Wind farm in Iowa. Over half the turbines have been fully erected and the project is expected to come online by the end of the year.  At the end of the second quarter the project had incurred almost $370 million of capital costs, including the payment of approximately 80% of the total turbine cost. Under the rate making principles approved by the Iowa Utilities Board the investment will earn a return on common equity 11.7%.  The 200 megawatt Bent Tree Wind Project proposed by WP&L recently received unanimous approval from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin with a cost cap of $497 million. Since the project is located in Minnesota, we do have two open dockets with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission, a safe permit and certificate of need. We expect the MPUC to approve both of our applications in the third quarter of this year. Because the regulatory approval process has taken longer than anticipated, we do not plan to begin meaningful work at Bent Tree until next year. While this delay will help us to control costs on a project by avoiding construction this winter, this decision does push back our expected in-service date from the end of 2010 to the first half of 2011. With the addition of Bent Tree and Whispering Willow wind projects, we believe IPL and WPL are well situated to meet renewable portfolio standards. Once the Bent Tree Wind Farm is in service, 12% of WPL's retail electric sales are expected to be from renewables, above the 10% requirement by 2015. At IPL, Whispering Willow was expected to increase IPL's renewable energy to about 8%. In addition, IPL is planning to further expand the Whispering Willow site, laying the remaining 100 megawatts of our [invested] turbines there. Alliant Energy is very proud of the fact that we are nearing completion of our restoration efforts after the historic flood of 2008. Our Prairie Creek generating station will be fully restored to its pre-flood status in the coming weeks. The approximate $165 million investment to the 215 megawatt co-generation facility will again allow the generation of electricity and delivery of efficient and cost-effective steam to our customers. In June, the 300 megawatt single cycle natural gas-fired Neenah energy facility was transferred from our non-regulated generation subsidiaries to WP&L. The transaction was done at book value of approximately $92 million. This capacity replaces the purchase power agreement of [Kal Pines Rock Gen] facility which terminated at the end of May. And finally, our AMI investments when combined with technology already in place, creates a foundation for smart grid in our service territory. As of July 31st, we have installed more than 60% of our AMI-enabled meters in our WPL service territory.  To further the smart grid development, Alliant Energy has officially applied for a total of six American Recovery and Reinvestment Act grants with the U.S. Department of Energy's Smart Grid Investment Grant Program. These grants would cover deployment of AMI technology throughout our IPL service territory and include a pilot program to participate in the City of Dubuque's Iowa Climate Showcase community, which will evaluate energy savings smart grid technologies.  And in addition, four grants in our WPL service territory focused on evaluating energy saving technologies for customers, improving the utility's infrastructure efficiency and added response and to accelerate AMI and smart grid implementation for commercial and industrial customers. The Department of Energy is expected to begin awarding the grants in the fourth quarter of 2009. In closing, we look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months in conjunction with our ongoing investor relations activities. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the Question and Answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: You mentioned you expect WPL to earn an ROE of about 6% this year. Can you possibly quantify for us the EPS impact of earning 6% versus your allowed ROE?
Pat Kampling: You know, Brian, we haven't broken it up that granularly. That 6% does not include the returns we would receive on ETC. So if you subtract the ETC earnings for the year, you could probably back into it.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: And then in terms of IPL, it looks like the revised sales forecast does not match up with what you filed for. And I guess if you're going to file for 2010 rate relief, will there still be regulatory lag assuming interim rates go into effect at the end of March?
Pat Kampling: Yes. There should be some minor regulatory language. We'd file the case beginning of 2010 and rates would go into effect 10 days later.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Okay, so when do you think the timing of interim rates will go into effect?
Pat Kampling: You know, we'd be filing the case probably late in the first quarter, just like we did this year.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Right. Okay.
Pat Kampling: Just like we did this year. And the rates go into effect 10 days later.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Okay. And in terms of wind RMT, what gives you confidence that the wind market rebounds in 2010?
Bill Harvey: Brian, as we look at the sales funnel of opportunities predominantly in the wind area, but increasingly in the solar development area as well, we simply have to believe that with the tremendous public policy push promotive of the development of renewable energy that the current stagnant nature of that development marketplace simply cannot persist.  We do not believe that that stagnation is related to the paucity of transmission. We believe it is related to the difficulty of financing, and we think that's going to change certainly in part because of government stimulus activity, but in part simply because the capital markets seem to be normalizing and recovering.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Okay. And in terms of RMT, can you comment on what you have in the pipeline or what projects you guys are developing for the remainder of 2009?
Bill Harvey: No we haven't – Brian, we haven't commented on specific projects. I can tell you that they are currently very active in the construction of three very large wind projects. There is a fourth that is under contract and there is a large solar project that is under contract as well. But neither of those two have completed their financing phase yet.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Okay. So just to be clear, you've revised your RMT earnings guidance to $0.03 for the year?
Bill Harvey: Yes.
Brian Russo – Landenburg Thalmann: Okay, so are any of these projects you just mentioned, are you generating revenues from that yet? Or is this something that we should see pickup in 2010, based on what's in your pipeline?
Bill Harvey: From the three that are actually in progress, they are generating revenue. The two that are under contract but not financed are not. We would expect the actual booked portfolio of business going into 2010 and in 2010 to be considerably more robust than what I've just described.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Management.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Management: Hi. Just a question first on the Wisconsin rate case, with the updated sales forecast and any other changes that you filed, could you give us kind of the updated revenue increase and percent increase versus what it was before?
Pat Kampling: Sure. The testimony that we just filed a few weeks ago increased the revenue requirement by $17 million, which would put the rate increase, the overall electric rate increase of slightly over 10%, where before it was in the low nines.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Management: And then could you, on this whole issue on the weather hedges because that was kind of unexpected, are you – what is the strategy now going forward on doing the weather hedging, given the change and now this outcome? What are you going to do in the future so we can kind of be prepared for that?
Bill Harvey: Yes. I think it's reasonable for you to assume on a going forward basis, Steve, that we will not be hedging summer weather, but that we will continue our practice of hedging winter weather. As I indicated in my remarks, the market was just very inefficient this year. I can't explain why it was, but the reality is that it was and the volume of insurance against weather that could be acquired was very low and the premium was very high, so it just didn't make any sense for us to do it. We would have been able to acquire very little earnings protection in the marketplace.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Management:  Well, maybe the insurers had a very good weather forecast. I don't know.
Bill Harvey:  They didn't see a cooler weather – a cooler summer coming. I doubt if they saw it this cool.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Basset – Decade Capital.
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital: So, with utility guidance dropping about $0.30, I understand $0.12 of this was due to the July weather and some of that was due to the newly reduced industrial load, but were there any other drivers that you guys haven't talked about yet?
Bill Harvey: Really, if you think of it as a pie chart, 40-40-20, if you will, 40% of that reduction in guidance was the horrible weather in July, 40% of it is associated with declining sales, worse than what we had expected. And the balance is an menagerie of variables that we think are going to adversely affect earnings, the most significant of which is an anticipated higher effective tax rate than what we envisioned going into the year. 
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital: Okay. And then I didn't hear whether you still expected to get the cost saving that you announced on the Q1 call, as well as those announced on the guidance call. Can you comment on that?
Bill Harvey: The answer is, "Yes, we do".  
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital:  And then, anyway you could estimate the margin impact of the lost sales this year, both at IPL and WPL?
Pat Kampling: Due to sales decline or including the July weather?
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital: I guess if you have it ex-weather, otherwise with the weather.
Pat Kampling: You know, the weather is about $0.12 and we're saying this decline in margins is about another $0.12.
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital: And that is at both utilities?
Pat Kampling: Yes.
Chris Bassett – Decade Capital: And then, finally, how should I think about the sustainability of this year's O&M cuts going into 2010?
Bill Harvey:  Obviously, you never know, Chris, exactly what your ability to sustain them is, but we have, I think as a company, demonstrated an ability to sustain spending cuts over time. So I would anticipate going into fiscal 2010 that we would sustain the bulk of the O&M cuts made this year. Certainly the reduced employee and employee-related expenses associated with our reduction in forces will be sustainable going into next year.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Oliver King – Zimmer Lucas. 
Oliver King – Zimmer Lucas:  Just wanted to clarify on the rate cases and the updated sales forecast. It seems like in Wisconsin, you updated the sales forecast already and in Iowa you will be filing again and have interim rates so that the impact in 2010 is actually quite minimal. Am I understanding that correctly? 
Pat Kampling:  Yes. In Wisconsin, we revised the forecast just a few weeks ago for 2010. And in Iowa, because of the way it's not weather normalized, you are absolutely correct.
Oliver King – Zimmer Lucas:  And then, just moving on to the RMT, the two projects you talked about that are not generating revenues yet, are there additional projects you expected beyond those two in 2010? And just in terms of the contracting phase, how many months in advance do you usually enter into contracts before you get something nailed down?  
Bill Harvey:  Let me deal with the first part of your question first. The answer to do we expect that going into 2010 we will have booked more contracts than the ones I referred to, the answer is absolutely. We expect the contracting activity in the second half of this year to be fairly robust. In terms of how far ahead of the generation of revenues do we execute contracts? That used to be a relatively short period of time between signing agreements and cash beginning to flow. That period has become somewhat protracted in this marketplace. 
 : 
Oliver King – Zimmer Lucas:  No, that was helpful. Thank you.  
Operator:  Thank you very much. And we have no further questions at this time. I will turn it back over to Ms. Gille.  
Sue Gille: 
 :  Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Operator:  Once again, we would like to thank everyone for their participation in today's conference. That does conclude our program.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - IR Bill Harvey - Chairman, President, and CEO Pat Kampling - CFO
Analysts:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this Alliant Energy first quarter 2009 earnings call. This conference is being recorded. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jamie Freeman, Head of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Jamie Freeman: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Pat Kampling, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Pat, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2009 first quarter earnings. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks made on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Harvey: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. My comments today will review our first quarter results and provide an update of our wind program and capital expenditure forecast. Later in the call, Pat will discuss our recent rate case filings and other financial matters. While our GAAP first quarter earnings were up from the same period last year, the results include $0.36 per share benefit for non-recurring, non-cash state income tax items. Pat will touch on this topic later in her remarks. Excluding the non-recurring tax items, our 2009 first quarter utility earnings were down $0.20 per share from the same period last year. However, many of the drivers, which are summarized on the second slide of the materials posted on our website, were anticipated when we issued guidance last December. Let me begin, however, with a discussion of the economy. As shown on Slide 3 of the materials posted to our website, first quarter retail electric sales were down 4% versus the same period last year. Residential sales were flat and commercial sales were actually up 2%. That was slightly better than our expectations. The industrial class, however, was down 11%, which was significantly lower than our forecast. The economic downturn is most evident in the industrial class in Wisconsin, which was down 15% versus the first quarter last year. While industrial sales were impacted by automotive and paper production plant closures that occurred in 2008, more Wisconsin companies continue to announce significant reductions in production as well as plant closures. Recent announcements have come from large companies that are directly tied to the national residential and commercial construction market and the recreational boat market. Layoffs at some of our larger industrial customers have impacted thousands of workers and plant closures have impacted thousands more. As shown on Slide 4, the top three largest increases in unemployment in the various metropolitan areas throughout the state and surrounding areas have been in our service territory. Times are tough for many of WP&L's industrial customers and their employees. While not as dramatic as Wisconsin, we are also experiencing weakness in the industrial sales at IP&L. The most meaningful decline we had forecast for the year was to be the result of cogeneration being installed by ADM, our largest IP&L customer. The ADM project was not fully operational during the first quarter. So the 4% drop in sales was primarily the result of lower energy requirements from other industrial customers. Many of the agribusinesses that performed well throughout 2008 experienced lower energy consumption in the first quarter. While Iowa does have significantly less exposure to heavy manufacturing than Wisconsin, the companies that do operate in that segment were down noticeably. You will recall that the guidance provided in December attempted to take a pragmatic, perhaps conservative approach, to the sales forecast for 2009. However, our first quarter results and updated forecast for the last nine months of this year have led us to lower the industrial sales outlook at WP&L and IP&L by approximately 8 percentage points and 4 percentage points respectively. That said, it is important to note that the industrial customer class provides margins on unit sales well below those earned on the commercial and residential classes, where our utility business average industrial margins are approximately 60% lower than those earned on residential sales. Additionally, about 30% to 40% of the industrial customer revenue is collected through demand billing components. The 11% decline in industrial sales for the first quarter of this year resulted in an earnings impact of $0.03 per share. The economy is affecting the ability of our customers to pay, but that impact is not dramatic. While we've seen modest increases in both bad debt expense and customer accounts 90 days in arrears, the absolute levels of these metrics remain low compared to industry averages and have not materially impacted our earnings. Now, let me move away from the economy. There are other items worth highlighting in the first quarter. As expected, higher transmission charges from ITC and pension costs at IP&L., reduced earnings by $0.09 per share in the quarter. Going forward, the $84 million interim rate increase put into effect in Iowa on March 27th is expected to recover these costs. Another significant factor was reduced gas margins, which were $0.06 per share lower for the quarter. $0.02 of that decrease was due to the impact of milder weather on sales. Other drivers include lower commercial and industrial gas sales and the impacts of the decrease in customer gas rates at WP&L resulting from the December 2008 rate case settlement. The largest positive earnings driver at the utilities was the non-recurring impact of recent tax legislation in Wisconsin. This item also positively impacted earnings at the parent, but negatively impacted non-regulated results. Pat will elaborate on this tax issue in her remarks. As we look at the balance of the year for the utility business, excluding the non-recurring tax items, we remain committed to delivering results within the guidance range we established in December. Given the unfavorable weather impacts and the incremental deterioration in industrial sales for both the first quarter and the balance of the year, we recognize there are challenges to 2009 earnings. However, we believe that the interim rate increase in Iowa and our ability to effectively manage cost will enable us to deliver on our commitments. While the first quarter did not produce meaningful operating cost reductions versus the same period last year, we have launched aggressive cost-cutting efforts across our utilities that are constrained only by our assurance not to compromise safety or reliability. These efforts are expected to produce $0.15 to $0.20 earnings benefit beyond the cost savings reflected in our original guidance. We have announced layoffs and retirements affecting all levels, including officers and executives. Additionally, we have suspended our 401(k) match for the rest of the year and non-bargaining unit employees will be furloughed for one week by the end of the year, officers and executives included. Discussions with bargaining unit leadership aimed at applying these or other cost-saving measures more broadly within our utilities are underway. Many of these measures are unprecedented for us and we suspect for our industry. However, we do not believe that we, as employees, can be insulated from the pain our customers and investors are feeling in this environment. We will step up and share that pain and maintain our earnings objectives in the process. Let me shift to the unregulated side. RMT posted $0.02 loss for the quarter as the slower pace of construction activity in the quarter drove down labor utilization rates. RMT has recently signed several contracts that will produce revenue for the rest of the year and is actively bidding on many other projects that will begin construction in 2009. The projects RMT has recently been awarded are located in Iowa, Missouri, and Utah. We believe that renewable energy incentives included in the economic stimulus package are producing their intended effect. We expect RMT to deliver on its $0.12 per share commitment for the year and believe they are well positioned to grow in 2010. I've covered a lot of information. So let me summarize by discussing our results in the context of the earnings guidance we issued last December. I should first point out that our earnings guidance for 2009 excludes the non-recurring state income tax impacts that we recorded in the first quarter. The utility range remains unchanged and our cost-cutting actions help to offset pressure from declining sales and other items in the first quarter results. The non-regulated range remains unchanged, as we expect a strong second half of the year in the renewable market to boost RMT. And finally, our consolidated earnings guidance also remains unchanged at $2.18 to $2.48 per share. I'll now move to an update on our utility wind projects. As evidenced by the recent American Wind Energy Association report that ranked Iowa and Minnesota as two of the top four wind-producing states, our service territories are well situated to invest in this form of renewable energy. In fact, Alliant Energy is already the seventh largest taker of wind among investor-owned utilities. We plan to maintain our leadership role in this area. Construction activity is progressing at IP&L's Whispering Willow Wind project in Iowa. The first turbines are expected to arrive next month, and this 200-megawatt project is expected to come online by the end of the year. As of the end of the first quarter, the project has incurred $273 million of capital costs. Under the rate making principles approved by the Iowa Utilities Board, the estimated $425 million investment in this project will earn a return on common equity of 11.7% once the project is in service and reflected in rates. The 200-megawatt Bent Tree Wind project proposed by WP&L continues through the regulatory process. We have reached a settlement with FP&L's NextEra subsidiary, which withdrew its intervener status in the case. A public hearing on the project was held yesterday and was uneventful. We expect the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to approve the project very shortly. Because the project is located in Minnesota, we do have some open dockets with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission, but we fully expect approval in the next few months. We plan to begin infrastructure work at Bent Tree this summer. Turbines are scheduled to arrive onsite early next year, and the project is expected to be placed in service during the second half of 2010 at an estimated cost of $450 million. This will be a traditional WP&L rate-based investment. Our current planned wind purchases and ownership are expected to result in over 10% of our retail sales requirements being sourced from renewable energy resources by the end of 2011. We are well ahead of the curve in meeting our state renewable portfolio standards, and we have over 500 megawatts of additional capacity at our Whispering Willow and Bent Tree sites available to meet whatever increased RPS requirements arise from either state or federal legislation. In March, IP&L and its joint partners decided not to proceed with the construction of the Sutherland Generating Station Unit 4. While we continue to believe that this project and the rejected Nelson Dewey expansion in Wisconsin were the best energy options for our customers, we understand that the evolving financial, political, and environmental landscape made their permitting and construction a significant challenge. We will not be announcing replacements for Sutherland 4 and Nelson Dewey 3 in the near future. Rather, we will closely monitor several key items before determining what type of capacity additions to pursue. We will continue to analyze electric sales to determine both the shape and the slope of the demand curve we face. We will continue to be involved in energy policy legislation to understand future carbon and renewable requirements. We do not expect to force clarity on these issues this year, so an announcement of our longer-term generation plans likely won't come until 2010 or later. Since our hybrid coal plants would not have been online until 2013 or 2014, the shorter execution times associated with new gas, wind, and biomass alternatives provide us the leeway to wait. When we discussed the impacts of the capital markets last fall, I indicated that we have the ability to slow down the deployment of our capital plan by canceling the Sutherland project, by deferring substitute base load plans until a clearer picture of economic recovery and energy legislation takes shape, and by changing the timing of some of our planned AMI and environmental spending, we are doing just that. The result of these actions is summarized on Slide 6 of the materials posted to our website, which reduces our capital expenditure guidance for 2009 through 2011 by approximately $1.2 billion. While our capital plan remains robust for a company our size, the combination of our strong cash position and relatively low debt levels is expected to allow us to defer issuing any new common equity in either 2009 or 2010. In closing, let me recap the key takeaways for the first quarter. First, while quarterly results were below our expectations, we have implemented aggressive cost-cutting measures and remain committed to deliver full-year results within the earnings guidance ranges provided last December. Second the execution of our utility-owned wind program and the RMT wind construction business both remain on plan. And third, our updated capital expenditure plan puts us in a position where we can finance our wind, environmental, and energy efficiency investments without issuing any new common equity through the end of 2010. We appreciate your continued support and interest in our company. At this time, I'll turn the call ever to Pat.
Pat Kampling: Thank you, Bill, and good morning to everyone. Bill covered our first quarter drivers, but I would like to further explain the impacts to us Wisconsin's combined reporting and the tax opportunities available under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The remainder of my remarks this morning will focus on our anticipated financing plans, liquidity, and various regulatory matters. Wisconsin Senate Bill 62 was passed in February of 2009 and was retroactive back to January 1, 2009. It effectively required all Alliant Energy companies that are greater than 50% owned to file as part of the Wisconsin unitary return. In addition, WPL will register to do business in Iowa and will accordingly file as a member of the 2009 Iowa consolidated tax return. The impact is that IPL and WPL can better leverage resources and facilities, a development that is positive for our day-to-day operations. In the first quarter, several non-cash and non-recurring tax adjustments were recorded to reflect the impacts of SB 62 and the fact that WPL will now file as a member of the Iowa consolidated return. For the utilities, we adjusted for state deferred tax liabilities to reflect these changes, which resulted in a benefit of $0.32 per share. In addition to the changes at the utilities, the new law makes it unlikely that we will be able to use a majority of our non-regulated Wisconsin net operating loss carryforwards. This resulted in an increase in tax expense of $6 million. Our 10-Q, which we expect to file shortly, will provide a comprehensive overview of Senate Bill 62 and the many related impacts. For investors, there are two important takeaways. First, our quarterly results include non-recurring impacts of $0.32 benefit at the utilities, $0.05 loss at non-regulated and $0.09 benefit at the parent. And second, on a going-forward basis, we do not expect these changes and state filing requirements to have a meaningful impact on our consolidated effective tax rate. There are two provisions of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that we expect to be able to take advantage of. The first relates to tax incentives that will apply to the Whispering Willow and Bent Tree wind projects. Both of these projects will qualify for production tax credits, investment tax credits, and Treasury grants. We currently anticipate electing to take the production tax credit, but as regulatory treatment for the Treasury grant option is determined, we will carefully analyze whether that alternative would be an effective way to limit both customer rate increases and our external financing needs. Second, Alliant Energy expects to benefit from the bonus depreciation provisions contained in the act. We anticipate additional cash flow benefits at the utilities in 2009 of $175 million based on the approximate $1 billion of eligible in-service additions that will happen in 2009. Financing the utilities' capital plan through the end of 2010 will involve a combination of internally generated funds, equity infusions from existing cash at the parent, and issuing debt. For 2009, we currently plan to issue up to a total of $500 million of long-term debt at the utilities. Liquidity at the end of the first quarter remained strong, totaling approximately $800 million and comprised of $284 million of cash and marketable securities and $522 million of available capacity under our credit facilities. We have an active regulatory calendar in 2009 beginning with our Iowa retail electric rate case that was filed in March. The primary drivers of the $171 million increase include increases in ITC transmission service charges and pension expense, capital investments associated with reliability and emissions reductions, and costs resulting from the 2008 flood. The case requests a return on equity of 11.4% and a capital structure that includes a 48.5% common equity component. IPL implemented interim rates of $84 million at the end of March. These rates are subject to refund with interest. Transmission expense and pension increases make up most of the interim amount. As part of the rate case, we have proposed to implement an automatic adjustment clause for ITC's transmission expense. We expect a decision on and the implementation of final rates in the first quarter of 2010. As in the past, we plan to work closely with all interested parties to explore a settlement of the case before it is litigated by the Iowa Utilities Board. We will file a base rate retail case in Wisconsin within the next few weeks. The main issues we plan to seek rate relief for include an updated retail electric sales forecast, lower variable fuel costs, construction work-in-progress return on the Bent Tree wind project, pension expense, and working capital items. This case should enable WPL the opportunity to earn the authorized return that is set in the case. This will be a significant improvement from 2009 where we are forecasting the retail component of WPL to earn almost 300 basis points below its authorized levels. WPL's fuel monitoring level was updated at year-end 2008 in conjunction with the rate case settlement, and we currently expect fuel costs to remain in that band for 2009. There continues to be a fair amount of discussion on how regulators across the country will react to rate cases given the current state of the economy. We understand that the pressure between maintaining the health of a regulated utility and protecting consumers from increased rates is as high as ever. I would like to take a minute to explain how we think our two cases are positioned to produce positive outcomes for the company. In Iowa, the case is driven by a very few large dollar items. One is the increase relating to ITC's transmission costs and there is no precedent for regulated utility not recovering FERC-related rates. A second driver is recovery of capital investments including those resulting from last summer's flooding. We continue to receive high marks from customers and local officials for our response in recovering from this natural disaster. A final significant item relates to pension and other employee benefit costs. We believe these costs have been prudently incurred, in the case of pensions, have been driven by the declines in the equity markets outside of our control. In Wisconsin, one of the key focal points of the case will be retail sales. A weak sales pattern has clearly been established over the past several quarters. And as Bill mentioned, the industrial class continues to deteriorate. Since current rates are based on a 2009 sales forecast that was developed in 2007, we expect to file the upcoming 2010 test year case using a sales forecast that is approximately 10% below levels that are currently reflected in rates. We believe the combination of the facts supporting the sales decline and our willingness to manage other costs make the planned request reasonable. While we can't predict the final outcome of the rate cases, we are optimistic that we will be successful in working with the regulators and interveners to produce outcomes that allow our utilities to earn their authorized returns in 2010. There are two additional regulatory items to comment on. First, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission dismissed our 206 complaint against ITC earlier this month. We are very disappointed that FERC did not agree to hear the case given the facts we were able to provide and the request of several interveners, including the Iowa Utilities Board. In order to make every effort to protect our customers from costs that we view to be unreasonable, we are considering several options, including filing a request for rehearing and/or filing a new complaint with additional information. We have until May 15 to file a request for rehearing. Second, earlier this month, we and our joint partners filed an application with the Public Utilities Service Commission of Wisconsin to install a scrubber and baghouse at the Columbia Energy Center. We expect the project to reduce both sulfur dioxide and mercury emissions by over 90%. Our 46% share of the investment is approximately $300 million. We expect a commission order on this project and on our proposed SCR at the Edgewater Generating Station in the next 12 months. In closing, we look forward to the opportunity to meet many of you at the AGA Financial Forum next week and at other events throughout the course of the year. At this time, we will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go to our first question from [Danielle Seth]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I was wondering if the recovery of flood cost could be securitized and segregated from the overall case or it is too late and not being considered.
Pat Kampling: This is Pat. No, we are not planning to securitize the costs from the Iowa floods from last summer. The amounts of these costs, as you are well aware, some of them are covered by the insurance proceeds and some of them are being requested in the current rate case.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Mr. Freeman, there are no further questions at this time.
Jamie Freeman: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 7, 2009 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID number 8241179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Kampling - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Hasan Doza - Luminus Management Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Clifford Fisher - Delaware Investment
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year-End 2008 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Jamie Freeman, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Jamie Freeman: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pat Kampling, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Pat, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2008 fourth quarter and full year earnings. This release is available on the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William D. Harvey: Thanks, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. My comments today will recap 2008 and detail our priorities for 2009. Later in the call, Pat will discuss various financial and regulatory matters. First however, in December we indicated that we would be at the low end of or slightly below our guidance range. 2008 continuing operations results of $2.54 a share came in $0.11 below the low end of our range. The drivers of those lower results included a flood-related impairment charge at our Sixth Street generating station, a write-off of receivables from the bankruptcy of a large customer at IP&L and the resolution of contract disputes on two wind projects at RMT. Turning now to a review of the year, the biggest driver of 2008 utility results was restoration efforts associated with June's historic flooding, which caused significant damage and disruptions to the operations in Cedar Rapids, our largest load center. The combination of lost sales, cleanup and restoration costs and facility impairments reduced earnings by approximately $0.23 per share net of insurance recoveries. The flooding caused severe damage to two of our electric and steam generating stations, and I am pleased to report that we're now producing steam for customers at our Prairie Creek facility and expect to begin producing electricity by the end of this month. The $150 million in repairs at Prairie Creek are still ongoing, and the majority of the capacity of this 238 megawatt facility is anticipated to be online by this summer. We continue to evaluate options for the other seriously damaged generating station, the Sixth Street generating facility. To-date, restoration activities have not begun at the site. A second driver for 2008 was retail electric sales. As we discussed throughout last year, sales profiles were quite different between our two utility subsidiaries. At IP&L, all retail classes were essentially flat versus 2007, despite the unfavorable impacts from the flooding and significantly cooler summer weather. At WP&L, the cooler summer weather plus economic factors drove retail sales down 3%. Plant closures in the automotive and paper sectors along with general weakness in manufacturing resulted in a drop in industrial sales of 4% for the year. Compared to the same periods in 2007, each quarter in 2008 produced a larger industrial sales decline, beginning with a 1% decrease in the first quarter and finishing with a 7% decrease in the fourth quarter. The industrial class makes up 45% of WP&L retail sales and we anticipate continued softness throughout this year. We did experience a slight rise in bad debt expense for 2008, but write-offs were just over four-tenths of a percent of retail revenue. This rate is less than half of the industry average. In addition to the flood and lower sales, the foreseen impacts of the IP&L transmission sale also contributed to lower utility earnings. That said, we have begun to redeploy the transmission proceeds back into the utility business as part of our capital expenditures on wind and environmental projects, and will see the associated earnings investments materialize over time. Other positive earnings drivers included reduced purchase power capacity cost and a lower effective income tax rate as a result of income tax audit settlements. Our non-regulated operations exhibited strong performance in 2008. We saw RMT's WindConnect business emerge as a leader in wind energy development and increased their earnings by 50% versus 2007. The company was involved in the engineering and construction of 690 megawatts of wind energy facilities and it assisted with the citing and development of over 30 projects. I am particularly pleased that the WindConnect team experienced only one loss time injury in over 1.6 million project hours worked. This result, in conjunction with our utilities earning the occupational excellence achievement award from the National Safety Council, demonstrates that our company's commitment to safety is producing very positive results. The remainder of our non-regulated operations met our expectations, while consuming limited capital. I'd like to highlight the performance of our transportation business that net its $0.07 per share earnings expectation, despite having both its operations and its markets severely impacted by the flooding in the Cedar Rapids and Iowa City corridors. Given the pressures of the economy, weather and the floods, I am proud of the results our team delivered in 2008. However, as we discussed last December, 2009 presents a host of new challenges. These challenges include declining retail sales and regulatory matters, which we expect will result in earnings below 2008 levels. We are disappointed with our 2009 outlook, and efforts are underway to put our utilities in a position to earn their authorized return sooner rather than later. The first step in this process is the filing of rate cases at both IP&L and WP&L in the coming months. Producing fair outcomes in these dockets is one of our top priorities for 2009. Pat will provide additional information on those anticipated regulatory filings in her remarks. 2008 marked a successful beginning of many important infrastructure projects, driven by our wind, energy efficiency and environmental control plans. Continued progress and success on these and related projects remain high priorities for 2009. Beginning with our wind generation plans, WP&L Cedar Ridge project became our first owned wind firm when it began producing electricity in December. The 68 megawatt wind farm was completed on time and under budget at a cost of $156 million. Construction has now begun on IP&L's Whispering Willow wind firm in Iowa. And we anticipate the first turbines to arrive from Vestas in April. This 200 megawatt project is expected to come online by the end of this year or early next year. As of the end of 2008, we had incurred $190 million of capital cost on the project. Under the rate making principles approved by the Iowa Utilities Board, this $425 million investment will earn a return on equity of 11.7%. The 200 megawatt Bent Tree wind firm proposed by WP&L continues its way through the regulatory approval process. Because the site is located in Minnesota, the project requires a certificate of need from the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission and a certificate of authority from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Decisions in both dockets are expected this summer. I should note that FP&L's NextEra subsidiary has intervened in the Wisconsin proceeding and is asserting that a long-term purchase power agreement from their recently completed merchant wind farm in Iowa would be a better alternative for our customers. We know that our Bent Tree project is cost competitive. Further, we do not intend to let others use our balance sheet to finance their investments. Assuming a positive regulatory outcome, construction at Bent Tree would begin this summer. Turbines would arrive on site early next year, and the project would be placed in service during the second half of 2010 at an estimated cost of $450million. 2008 also provided another important first for our company. In April, we began installing advanced metering infrastructure for electric and gas customers in Wisconsin. To-date, we have replaced or retrofitted 25% of the electric and gas meters. We expect to complete WP&L's deployment in 2010 at a cost of approximately $95 million. Deployment of AMI to our IP&L customers is scheduled to be completed in mid-2012 at an additional cost of about $110 million. While the AMI system will produce immediate customer service benefits with respect to billing accuracy and enhanced outage management, we are anxious to exploit its full potential to serve as a platform for tomorrow's smart grid, which will empower customers to intelligently and effectively manage their own energy use. Various funding and grant provisions proposed in the economic stimulus package being considered by Congress, may also provide us with new opportunities to implement additional smart grid projects that leverage our AMI investments. 2008 also saw construction begin on our first large scale environmental control project, which involves the installation of a selective catalytic reduction project and baghouse at IP&L's 270 megawatt Lansing unit number four. This $195 million project is expected to go into service in 2010. In terms of other significant environmental projects, WP&L has an application on file with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to install an SCR at one of the units at our Edgewater generating station in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, and will also file on application to install scrubbers at WP&L's Columbia generating station in Portage, Wisconsin later this quarter. These projects in Wisconsin will require an additional investment of approximately $400 million. The final item I will discuss is yesterday's oral decision by the Iowa Utilities Board on the rate making principles for our proposed new hybrid coal unit at Sutherland. The Board authorized a 10.1% return on equity and a $2816 per kilowatt cost cap excluding AFUDC for the project. These outcomes compare to our requested return of 12.55% and a $3483 per kilowatt cost cap, again excluding AFUDC. I would remind you that under Wisconsin statutes, we must build the plant under the principles established by the Board or not build the plants at all. We need to evaluate the written order once it becomes available and discuss the outcome with our cooperative and municipal partners before making a definitive decision on the future of the project. But suffice it to say, we are disappointed with the decision. The principles outlined by the Board do not appear to adequately reflect either the real cost to build or the challenge of raising capital in the current state of the financial markets. In closing, let me recap the priorities for 2009 that we will update you on throughout the year. First, we will work closely with our regulators and stakeholders to produce fair outcomes in the rate cases that will be filed in Iowa and Wisconsin. Second, we will execute our wind, energy efficiency and environmental control programs as part of an ongoing commitment to a greener future. Third, we will evaluate the Iowa Utilities Board written order on the Sutherland rate making principles to determine our next steps to meet Iowa's future energy needs. Fourth, we will conclude our discussions with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and announce our plans to meet WP&L's long-term energy needs as a result of last December's denial of the expansion at Nelson Dewey. Fifth, we will sustain and grow RMT's WindConnect position as a leader in the wind energy development market. And finally, we will continue to focus on operational excellence in our core operations with a zero injury philosophy. We appreciate your continued support of our company, and at this time, I will turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Bill and good morning to everyone. Since Bill covered our financial highlights, my remarks this morning will focus on providing updates on our financing plans, pension cost and contributions and rate case matters. Before turning to those items, I should mention that we are affirming the 2009 earnings per share and capital expenditure guidance that was issued in December. The transcript and supplemental slides of those remarks are available on the Investors section of our website. As we mentioned in that call, declining utility retail sales remain an area of concern and we are carefully monitoring the economic conditions of our service territories, especially Wisconsin. Also, the biggest earnings driver of RMT WindConnect is wind farm development. As you are all aware, the economic and financial downturn has begun to take a serious toll on new wind development, so new project activity remains uncertain. Our current outlook anticipates that RMT's earnings will remain flat. Year-end 2008 liquidity was very strong, totaling $1.1 billion, comprised of almost $350 million of cash and marketable securities and over $700 million available capacity under our credit facilities and IPL's accounts receivable sales program. We are well positioned to execute on our 2009 planned capital expenditures totaling $1.3 billion. Please note that included in that total is $205 million associated with the Sutherland project. Financing the utilities capital plan will involve a combination of internally generated funds, equity infusions from cash at the parent and issuing debt. The debt will include increasing short-term levels as well as issuing approximately $500 million of long-term debt. This is a modest maturity year with only $135 million maturing in August. Timing of debt issuances will be influenced by market conditions. But, we currently anticipate issuing long-term debt in the second half of the year. Our 2009 financing plan also assumes we will make contributions to our pension plans totaling $55 million. We like others experienced a significant decline in our pension plan assets during 2008, resulting in funding levels decreasing from 101% at the end of 2007 to 63% at the end of 2008. As a result, pension costs are increasing significantly, up from $3 million in 2008 to $57 million in 2009. The increase at IPL will be included as part of the rate case filing that I will discuss in a few minutes. WPL did receive PSEW approval to defer incremental pension cost as part of the rate case settlement. So, our pension costs are up significantly. The impact to 2009 earnings compared to 2008 is less than $0.05 per share, which is reflected in our guidance. We are preparing to have a very important and active year in the regulatory area. In addition to the ongoing dockets relating to the strategic initiatives Bill mentioned, there are three additional important proceedings. First, IPL filed a FERC 206 complaint in November against ITC concerning the O&M and A&G components that are part of their 2009 formula rates. We are currently waiting for FERC to assign the case to either a settlement charge or a trial charge. ITC has asked that the case be dismissed on the grounds that the assets sale agreement we entered, guard IPL from challenging late elements for seven-year period. We maintained that our complaint does not take issue with the use of forward-looking rates and instead centers on how they would implement it. FERC is yet to set a schedule for the docket and we do not expect resolution until sometime in 2010. Second, IPL will soon file its first Iowa electric rate case since 2004. Drivers for these filing include investments in reliability and emissions controls, wheeling and pension increases and the capital deployed as a result of the 2007 ice storms and 2008 floods. Recall that Iowa uses a historic test year that may consider nine months of known and measurable changes since the end of that test year. The rate increases granted in two phases with interim rates becoming effective approximately 10 days after filing, followed by final rates approximately nine months later. Items included in interim rates will be higher wheeling and pension cost and some significant known load changes. The primary item that will not be captured into final rate is post test year rate base additions. In addition, IPL will request an automatic adjustment cost for FERC regulated ITC wheeling charges as part of this case. And finally, we are preparing for a WPL's 2010 test year retail electric and gas case to be filed in April. New rates are expected to become effective at the beginning of 2010. The first objective of this case is to receive revenues adequate to meet our cost to service and appropriate return on investment using a sales forecast reflective of our current economy. In second objective of the case is to address various policy initiatives just as electric and gas decoupling for residential and small commercial electric customers, expanded energy efficiency initiative and incentive mechanisms for managing gas commodity cost. In our December guidance call, we discussed the WPL's 2009 projected electric sales were expected to be about 6% below the levels assumed in retail customer rates. While using a forward-looking test year for rate making purposes has many benefits, the sudden and dramatic sales decline that WPL is experiencing will make it difficult, if not impossible, to earn close to its authorized return in 2009. As a result, we are continuing to analyze the possible filing of a request for emergency release to address declining retail sales in Wisconsin. It is understandable that our customers find it frustrating that the economic hardships many of them are experiencing could in turn compel us to increase their electric bills. While the public headwinds make such a changed case challenging, the fact remains the unique nature of the regulatory compact, suppliers has to serve. We have taken strong actions in 2009 to reduce cost by freezing salaries at all levels of the company, reducing travel and continuing to apply Lean Six Sigma to produce efficiencies in our day-to-day operations. We cannot and will not cut essential investments or program that impact reliability and safety and yet we need to remain financially strong to attract the capital in order to provide the varied services. A decision on whether or not we will pursue this alternative will be made by the end of this month. In closing, we are in a process of finalizing our 2009 Investor Relations plans, and I look forward to the opportunity to meet with many of you throughout the course of the year. At this time, I will turn the call back over to our operator, Joseph to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Kampling. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one hour timeframe for this morning's call. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Daniele Seitz, Seitz Research.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: Hi. I just is wondering how do you see the Sutherland issue being discussed and what sort of a timing would you anticipate? And how do you anticipate this to be settling down into your CapEx? So when will you make the final decision?
William Harvey: Daniele, this is Bill. Thank you for the question. We have some very valued partners in connection with the Sutherland 4 project. We obviously just heard the IUB's oral decision yesterday morning. So it's really too early for me to be able to answer that question specifically, but the process that we will go through is obviously to see the written order once it comes out and then evaluate the order and its implications for the project with our valued partners. And I would expect that that process with our partners will take a month or so after we have the written order in hand. But we will certainly move through that collaborative decision making process as quickly as we can once we actually see the Board's decision. So I would expect over the course of the next quarter, our course of action will be clear.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: Okay. And in terms of your sales assumptions, does the range of estimates that you have for this year, I mean is that the main factor that would make the range being if your sales were worse than expected or better than expected?
William Harvey: I would say you are right. The $0.30 spread in our guidance for the total company is certainly predominantly impacted by the economy, by what sorts of outcome we experience in what timeframe relating to rate, relief, requests and to a far lesser extent but nevertheless a relevant extent of what happens with the wind energy development business in the country. Those are certainly the three biggest variables that drive the breadth in the guidance range.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll hear next from Steve Gambuzza of Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
William Harvey: Hey, Steve.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I just wanted to understand what your flexibility is to not build the plant, if you determine that the combination of a cap on cost is coupled with a relatively low ROE, relative to your actual cost of capital, which is a unacceptable combination for shareholders. What are you obligated to doing? You have an obligation to serve. What are your options?
William Harvey: As a way House File 577 works is, as we said in the script Steve is, with respect to this plan, if it is to be built, it must be built under the provisions of the rate making principles that the Board has prescribed. We are not obligated to build the plan, but if we and our partners elect to do so, that's the regulatory compact under which we would do it. If we elect not to proceed with the plant, obviously, we will have to bring forward new proposals for meeting the energy needs of IP&L's customers. What that would be is something that we've not yet developed finally and certainly haven't talked about publicly.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Has there been... it was surprising given you had such a what was kind of a, at the time very constructive orally on the wind farm of 11.7% on something it was kind of above generally granted ROEs on utilities investment at the time for up, that's relatively low construction risk. And now there is, cost to capital has risen precipitously and this is a much higher risk project and the kind of authorized returns is so much lower. Has there been some change in the commission since that time?
William Harvey: Well, obviously a change in their minds.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Yeah.
William Harvey: But, it is as the same three Board members, the same three Board members that made the 11.7% ROE decision with respect to wind approximately a year ago, made the 10.1% decision with respect to a hybrid coal plant yesterday. We understand them, the mechanics that they used in making those decisions, but mechanics are just that. What drove them to that dramatic decline in ROE is just something we'll understand better, once we see the written order.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And could you please repeat the timing on, I think you mentioned that you were going to file for a general rate case in Wisconsin. And there was a place of emergency rate case, but then you're also planning on filing this year for a general rate case for 2010. Is that correct?
Patricia Kampling: Yes. Steve, this is Pat. Yeah, the general rate case for 2010 test year for Wisconsin will be filed in April. We will decide by the end of this month if we go ahead and file an emergency rate case for 2009.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And the 2010 rate case, that will be off cycle just because sales are declining so fast?
Patricia Kampling: Yes, it will take a set of our every other year cycle for base rate cases.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And you said, you'd intend to pursue residential decoupling in that case?
Patricia Kampling: Yes, we will, residential and small commercial decoupling.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then on RMT, you clearly had a very strong year in 2008 and participated in a very strong growth that the wind market had to offer in 2008. It seems like the data points that coming out of a variety of different sources suggest that 2009 is going to be rather downward dramatically in terms of installed megawatts this year just given financing challenges and other issues. And I am just curious what level of visibility you have to sustain the record performance of 2008 to 2009, and if you could just comment on the kind of backlog and the pipeline of activity?
William Harvey: Yeah. We've got pretty decent visibility at least two quarters out. But the reality is, Steve, during our last call, if you will, the popular consensus was that wind energy development was likely to be flat year-over-year in the country, and that certainly has changed over the course of the last, literally over the course of the last two months, where we are seeing a pretty substantial fall off in terms of project interest and development in the latter part of next year. So that's really the best that I can say. Our outlook, which we reaffirmed today, anticipates that RMT will be flat year-over-year. That could change for the worse modestly. But we are frankly more hopeful that it's going to change for the better. Because at some point in time, there is going to be linkage between political rhetoric and capital investment; that hasn't happened yet, but we continue to believe that it will.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Hasan Doza, Luminus Management.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Hi good morning. I just had a quick question on WP&L. You guys talked about the kind of the load growth for '09 and going forward. Can you give us color as to what is the load forecast you have assumed for residential, commercial and industrial in your '09 outlook for WP&L?
William Harvey: We are getting that for you.
Patricia Kampling: Yeah, and this was part of the supplemental slide that we posted back in December, if you want to refer back to our investor website. But right now, for residential, sales growth from 8 to 9, for WP&L we are looking at 0.4% increase.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Okay.
Patricia Kampling: But a decline in commercial and industrial.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Do you have the magnitude in terms of percentage decreases you are assuming for commercial and industrial?
Patricia Kampling: Sure. Again, and that's on that supplemental slide, if you want to pull it up, you'll get in a minute. But for commercial, we are assuming a decline of 0.2%, for industrial 2.8% for an overall decline of 1.2%. And that's weather normalized.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Okay. And just one last question on industrial, what is the customer or end market breakdown for your industrial customers?
William Harvey: I don't understand the question.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Who are your customers on the -- serving the industrial load, are these like mining companies, are these paper (ph) nodes, can you give a color on the actual customers on the industrial load?
William Harvey: We have quite a mix. We had a -- obviously had a substantial participation by the automobile manufacturing industry. We have substantial participation by the case the paper industry, the chemicals industry, food and food processing. It's actually quite diverse. The biggest and most dramatic shifts that we've seen of course are associated with the automobile industry and the closure of the GM plant in Janesville, Wisconsin and the collateral implications of that.
Hasan Doza - Luminus Management: Thank you. That's very helpful. Thank you again.
Operator: We'll hear next from Jeff Coviello with Duquesne Capital.
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Good morning, guys. How are you?
William Harvey: Good morning, Jeff. How are you?
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Okay. I just wanted to see if you could give us a little color on where realized ROEs were at the Iowa utility and the Wisconsin utility and before your '08, if it's possible to give sort of where you think '09 is going to shape up based on the guidance?
William Harvey: Approximately the authorized return on equities were earned at IP&L.
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Okay.
William Harvey: And approximately slightly below the authorized returns on equity were realized at WP&L including the impacts of the earnings at ATC.
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: That's in '08 rise and then '09 it's going to or is going to be. Okay, so you punched lower. How much growth is there at ATC per year, what really do you think about the growth rate of that entity?
William Harvey: The capital expenditure growth year-over-year is not going to be dramatic. The equity income growth is expected to rise about 10% in '09 versus '08.
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Okay. Great. And is that as far as over the next few years, is that -- do you believe that equity income trend will continue given the number of projects they have in the backlog roughly?
William Harvey: I don't think you will see it vary dramatically from that rate.
Jeffrey Coviello - Duquesne Capital: Okay, great. Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our next question from Dave Parker, Robert W. Baird.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. A quick question and then a follow-up after that. Given the last two, I guess, disappointing orders on plant proposed in Iowa and then Wisconsin, what is the timing that we could potentially see for a plan B in each one of those states to be presented and potentially what would be the regulatory timing to deal with plan B, assuming that the needs that have been approved by all those commissions really haven't changed much as far as or new megawatt adds? And then I've got a follow-up after that.
William Harvey: Yeah, sure. David, staging wise, you will see it in Wisconsin before you see it in Iowa. What you see in Wisconsin, which is not finalized yet but has been the subject of considerable discussion of internally and with the Commission staff, is likely to be as the Commission's Nelson Dewey decision foresaw the conversion of simple cycle gas project to combined cycle configuration. Perhaps the proposal to build one or more biomass fuel facilities, relatively small in size, considerably more wind generation is a real possibility as well as increased investments in energy efficiency. I expect that that will become visible certainly in the next quarter. The regulatory approvals would be required to implement much of that plan B, if you will, obviously regulatory approvals to build new generating facilities, regulatory approvals are required to move forward with the Bent Tree wind project for WP&L and any additional wind projects we might move forward. But I think we will expect to see that activity begin to pick up in the latter part of the second quarter, into the third quarter of this year.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: And then finally, you have final regulatory approval from Wisconsin say early next year, Bill or is that or may be the end of this year?
William Harvey: That's all a difficult thing to predict, David. It obviously depends on how complex and controversial the proposal proves to be. That's very difficult for me to judge at this point in time. But I would expect given the Commission's conclusion that we do have a need for new baseload energy facilities in Wisconsin that they will move forward efficiently and expeditiously and their review of whatever it is that we proposed, surely that will be impacted by their evaluation of what's going on the economy. But I would hope that we can get proposals in front of the Commission in Wisconsin during the third quarter of this year, and would be hopeful that their review processes would certainly be more expeditious than what we experienced with respect to Nelson Dewey.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: Right.
William Harvey: IP&L plan B will be developed if there is a requirement to develop a plan B. And you are familiar with the regulatory approval processes in Iowa, which do tend to move somewhat more expeditiously than those in Wisconsin. But it will lag what transpires in Wisconsin in terms of the development and the announcement of plan B.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: And maybe a similar comment, Bill, for Iowa that since they established that there is a need that maybe just move little bit quicker, now just the discussion on technology. Is that fair to assume?
William Harvey: Well, assuming David which you are, I know, assuming that Sutherland 4 does not move forward, there obviously will have to be new proposals fashioned by us to meet what the Iowa Utility Board like the Wisconsin Commission has agreed that there is a need for us to do something at IP&L. But the choices are pretty obvious in terms of if Sutherland 4 does not move forward, what would you do? And I would think the nature of the choices are very similar to those faced by WP&L with the exception that there would not be a simple cycle to combined cycle conversion in that plan, but quite likely combined cycle proposals.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And I am sorry, I am taking so much time everyone, maybe the last important question, given I guess in my view that you maybe a little heavy on equity here and you've shown that you don't mind buybacks. Do you maybe do some share buybacks in the year, given your CapEx maybe split out here a couple of years?
William Harvey: We haven't announced any plans or intentions to do that, David. But if we develop them, we will let you know.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. I guess, that was the answer to my question. All right, great, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Eric McCarthy with Praesidis Asset Management.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Good morning.
William Harvey: Good morning.
Patricia Kampling: Good morning.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Most of my questions have been answered, and I don't want to be a redundant, but one last question if you could help me get a sense of what has already been spent on Sutherland and what the impact would be if we choose to not go forward with that and if there is any write-off that come in that will be recoverable?
William Harvey: Yeah. Today, we have incurred our share about $30 million of cost on the development and design and engineering related to Sutherland 4 as well as the prosecution of the regulatory proceeding. It's our expectation certainly given the Board's conclusion that this is a reasonable proposal for us to have brought forward that we will be able to recover those expenses in future rate cases.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay. I think that's about it. I guess one last question. Is there any exposure to ethanol producers in Iowa that you've seen a dramatic drop off from?
William Harvey: By exposure, do you mean do they owe us money?
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Owe money or is there a significant portion of load in Iowa dedicated to producers?
William Harvey: There is a substantial portion of ethanol load which we serve in the state of Iowa, it's on the order of 200 megawatts, if I recall correctly. If that's really wrong, Jamie will follow up with you, but I think it is on the order of 200 megawatts. So it is a substantial part of our industrial load in the state of Iowa. There is a little, if any, new ethanol development going on in the state of Iowa, but obviously substantial contribution to revenues and margins from the existing ethanol business, which seems to be doing reasonably well.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We are moving onto the final question currently in queue. (Operator Instructions). We'll take the final question currently in queue from Reza Hatefi of Decade Capital
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Thank you very much. Could you remind us again what time of the year the IPL interim rates go effective?
Patricia Kampling: Oh, sure. This is Pat. We are expecting to file that case in March, probably mid to late March and rates would go into effect approximately 10 days after filing.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And I know you've already discussed the potential WPL emergency rate case. But, could you give a little more color, I am sorry, if I missed it in the beginning, but on what items could be captured in that case and could that become a full blown rate case?
Patricia Kampling: Sure. Again, we're separately filing a 2010 base year case in Wisconsin. So keep that in mind and those rates would be in effect beginning of 2010. The issue for the emergency rate relief question, Wisconsin would be solely based on the sales forecast that was used to develop the rates that went into effect at the beginning of '09.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay, I am sorry I missed it. So you officially have decided to file the full blown rate case.
Patricia Kampling: Yes, for rates to go until effect in 2010.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay, okay.
Patricia Kampling: And the emergency would deal with 2009.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay. And just a follow-up on the discussion on the wind, do you think wind programs are being cut back also because of power prices being down and difficult to justify long-term contracts above market which could be required to achieve the reasonable IRRs for these wind projects. Is that one of the reasons besides financing issues?
William Harvey: I would have to say based upon our access to RMT, very keen insight into that market. That is not a major driver. It is a capital markets issue.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Okay, okay. Thank you very much.
William Harvey: And that is our perspective for what its worth.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Sure. Thank you very much.
Operator: We go next from Clifford Fisher of Delaware Investment.
Clifford Fisher - Delaware Investment: Good morning. Just to go back to the earliest statements, at the beginning of the call you had mentioned WPL being down usage wise but you also mentioned that IPL was flat even with the floods. I just want that were you surprised to see that kind of result? And also, you had mentioned with another questioner about what you expect WPL to be in 2009 in terms of residential, commercial and industrial. Do you have the same numbers for IPL as well?
Patricia Kampling: Yeah. Hi, this is Pat. Again, if you went back to supplemental slide that we posted in December, we do have IPL retail sales also posted there. And from '08 to '09, we are projecting an IPL decline of 2.4%. But large chunk of that is due to losing a large industrial customer, ADM as it is going to be going in cogen. We expect small commercial to increase at IPL and residential to be down 1.1%.
Clifford Fisher - Delaware Investment: Okay. But you said '07-'08 IPL was flat.
Patricia Kampling: Yes, it was, including the flood.
Clifford Fisher - Delaware Investment: That's including the flood.
Patricia Kampling: Yes.
Clifford Fisher - Delaware Investment: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And Mr. Freeman, there are no further questions at this time.
Jamie Freeman: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 12, 2009 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and the script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy. Feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - Manager, IR William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and CEO Eliot G. Protsch - Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Jamie Freeman, Manager of Investor Relations of Alliant Energy.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eliot Protsch, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Eliot, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2008 third quarter earnings. This release is available on the investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for your continued interest in our company. While our third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were down a little over 5% versus the same period last year, there were no surprises in the results. At the utilities earnings were negatively impacted by very cool summer weather, the continued restoration activities that are related to the June flooding in Iowa and the foreseeing consequences of the sale of our IP&L transmission assets. These items were partially offset by lower operating expenses and increased allowances for funds used during construction resulting from Wind projects under development in both Iowa and Wisconsin. On the non-regulated side, we saw a continued strong performance at RMT and WindConnect, which is constructing among other projects the 400 megawatt Fowler Ridge Wind Farm in Indiana which will be the largest wind site in the country when it goes into commercial operation next year. Overall non-regulated results were down slightly, primarily due to taxes and the new PPA for the Nina energy facility. For the full-year, the mid point of our earning guidance remains unchanged although we are narrowing the utility range now that what is typically our largest utility earning quarter is behind us. Before covering the various regulatory proceeding related to our strategic plan, I will address what the recent turmoil in the financial markets means to us. We understand that capital is likely to be more constrained and more expensive going forward and that every company should be reevaluating their capital spending plans. At this point in time as markets are still adjusting to these new realities we have no firm plans to delay our generation, environmental retrofit or AMI projects. We do however have substantial flexibility to modify our course going forward and certainly will if the availability in cost of capital dictates that we do so. As regulated companies says so often we can slow down our execution, but we cannot speed it up. In terms of being able to finance our capital projects, we believe our company is advantaged for several reasons. First, the regulated utility sector historically benefits from a flight to quality in difficult times. Recent reports by both Standards and Poor's and Moody's highlight the sector's ability to content with the current markets relative to other industries. Second, within the sector, our balanced sheet and credit ratings compare favorably. Third, selling our IP&L transmission assets to pre finance some equity needs of our capital program reduce and defers our need to access the common equity markets. And finally, the unique advanced rate making legislation available for new generation investments in both Iowa and Wisconsin can provide comfort to investors that project costs will be recovered in rates at a known return on equity. This enables investors to evaluate the quality of an equity return against both prevailing and expected returns. It is in part the uncertainty and volatility over the financial markets that prompted the legislative changes to encourage investment in new generation in Iowa and Wisconsin. Receiving strong but fair outcomes on the rate making principles was always a necessary condition plus making investments in our proposed hybrid based load units. Clearly the necessity and importance of realizing strong outcomes under this legislation is heightened by the recent collapse of the credit markets. As part of the respective dockets, we have requested a return on equity of 12.55% on Sutherland and 12.5% on Nelson Dewey. These returns are in line with previous fixed ROE decisions in both Iowa and Wisconsin and represent a fair return to investors which we believe will enable us to attract the necessary capital to finance the construction of these plans. Other important financial measures, we have included in the Wisconsin docket include a 100% return on construction work in progress and the 52.5% equity ratio. I know that like us many of you are eager for the proceedings to reach their conclusion. So here's a quick update on the timelines. In Wisconsin the public record on the proposed new unit at Nelson Dewey is closed. The Public Service Commission of Wisconsin staff will issue a memo summarizing the facts and arguments on the case next week, and we expect an oral decision from the commission in mid November on both the Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity as well as the rate making principals. I would like to thank the nearly 100 business, labor, and conservation groups representing tens of thousands of members who offered their strong support for the project during the last 20 months. We're also very appreciative that all three commissioners attended the technical hearings in person thereby enabling an efficient post hearing schedule. In addition to meeting the energy needs of our customers, we believe this project is truly unique in its ability to jump start the bio-fuels economy in the state, increase transmission import capability and create much needed jobs for the Southwestern portion of Wisconsin. We're proud of the record we produced and look forward to receiving a decision from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. The air permit for the new Nelson Dewey unit was issued for public comment earlier this month as drafted; we believe we can achieve all of the proposed emission levels. The Wisconsin department of natural resources has until February 2nd to 2009 to either issue or deny that permit. In Iowa, a decision on the rate making principals for the new unit at Sutherland is now expected in the first quarter of next year. The public hearings, which will begin on December 1st, were delayed from the previously scheduled date in order to give all parties adequate time to analyze the revised cost estimate for the facility and other additional information requested by the Iowa Utilities Board. The Sutherland project whose output will benefit 94 of 99 counties in Wisconsin enjoys a broad coalition of support across the state. In addition to industry and economic development groups, over 20 labor organizations have been vocal in expressing their support of the plant. As a reminder the Iowa Utility Board approved the citing application for the plant earlier this year in a decision which included several conditions relating to co-firing with biomass and increasing IP&L's long term investment in renewable energy resources. The Iowa DNR is expected to issue the draft air permit for public comment next month. Unlike Wisconsin, there is no formal timeline in which the air permit must be issued, but we do expect a decision in the first quarter of 2009. Turning to our wind investments, WP&L 68 megawatt Cedar Ridge wind farm will be in commercial operation by the end of the year on time and below our previous cost estimate. Our team did a great job managing construction at the site which presented many challenges given its size and its hilly terrain. The first turbines will be delivered to IP&L's 200 megawatt Whispering Willow Wind Farm next spring. So we will begin site preparation and infrastructure work in the coming weeks. This project is expected to be in service in 2010 and will earn a return on equity of 11.7%. We do have one other wind project currently in the regulatory process. WP&L's proposed 200 megawatt Bent Tree Wind Farm which is located in Minnesota, requires various approvals in both Wisconsin and Minnesota. We have turbines available for the project as part of our 500 megawatt contract with Vestas and we expect to begin construction next year after all regulatory approvals are received. This project is also scheduled to go into service during 2010. Finally I want to touch on the impact of the economy on our operations. Unlike many other utilities, up to this point, retail sales, bad debt expense and customers shutoffs have not been materially impacted. Our service territory is largely rural and agriculturally oriented. So on a relative basis, we tend not to benefit as much when times are good or suffer as much in conditions like those that we are experiencing today. There have been some significant plant closures in Wisconsin and clearly our customers are not immune to the effects of a slower economy. Over the next 12 to 18 months, we do expect to see weaknesses in our sales. As a result when compared to our 2008 weather normalized forecast, we expect 2009 sales to be down slightly at both IP&L and WP&L. In summary, my takeaways are as follows. First while quarterly earnings were down from the same period last year, most of the negative factors related to flooding and weather. Our core operations continue to meet our expectations. Second, we understand the financial markets are changing, but we believe we are well positioned to continue on a path to executing our strategic initiatives. We view the advanced great making principles available in Iowa and Wisconsin as a competitive advantage in attracting capital, assuming of course better regulators issue strong and fair parameters. And third we will receive several significant decisions from our regulators, in the coming weeks and months. We look forward to hearing their positions on many of the challenging issues that are a part of the proceedings. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Eliot for comments on third quarter results and other financial matters.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bill and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our third quarter continuing operations results came in $0.06 lower than the same period in 2007. While our earnings release contains an overview of the various earnings drivers, I would like to comment on four items. First, earnings were reduced by $0.11 as a result of the flooding that occurred in Iowa earlier this year. The $0.11 was primarily driven by lost sale in July and August, the rental cost to standby generation for reliability in Cedar Rapids area and various restoration expenses that are not covered by our insurance policy. Through the end of the third quarter, we have incurred flood related losses of $0.18. Our electric load is now over 99% of pre-flood levels and the standby generators are no longer required, thus the only earnings impact we expect to incur for the remainder of 2008 is modest non-reimbursable O&M restoration cost of about $0.02per share. However we anticipate lingering earnings impacts into next year from spending at our two generating stations in Cedar Rapids that were impacted by the flood. Second item I wanted to mention is weather. As a reminder, we traditionally hedge the impacts of weather variations on our electric and gas margin during the winter and summer months. We had a hedge in place this summer because cooling degree days were markedly lower than average. We experienced an earnings loss of $0.04 due to lower weather related sales. Had we not hedged our weather related earnings decline for the quarter, would have been $0.07. Third, while our sales are down for both the quarter and year-to-date, primary drivers are weather and the impacts of this summer's flooding. In terms of our industrial base the agri-business focus customers at IPL continued to show solid growth. I would remind you that as we have previously disclosed, however, the ADM plant in Clinton is finalizing construction of its co-generation facilities. The impact of this co-generation enhancement at ADM's facility is a significant driver to the 2009 sales forecast at IPL that Bill mentioned earlier. At WPL we continue to see some weakness in the manufacturing based industrial customers. General Motors recently announced the accelerated closure of its Janesville Assembly plant from 2010 to this December. When combined with the Domtar paper mill closure earlier this year, two of our top ten industrial customers at WPL will be lost for 2009. Finally I would like to address fuel costs in Wisconsin. Prices had continued to fall since our $16 million interim retail fuel increase went into effect at the end of April. We have reserved $12 million of anticipated refunds to customers, when we receive a final order later this year. $11 million of this reserve was recorded in the third quarter and as a result we had no fuel related EPS impact for the period. Moving to our liquidity position and recently completed financings. At the end of the third quarter, we had $379 million of cash and $582 million available under our credit facilities or total liquidity of roughly $1 billion. Our credit facilities last year and the current agreements extend through the end of 2012 and I would note that we haven't drawn on our bank lines in many years. On April 3rd, we issued a total of $500 of long term debt at both IPL and WPL, further strengthening our liquidity position. We had two long term maturities totaling $135 million that were redeemed this month. As a result of these various transactions and net of funding capital expenditures, our liquidity position has improved significantly, since the end of the quarter. As of yesterday we had approximately $430 million of cash, the entire $650 million available under our credit facilities, and $150 available under our accounts receivables sales program at WPL. Thus our total current liquidity position of $1.2 billion is up by $200 million since the end of the third quarter thus positioning us well going forward for our construction program. On September 5th, we received a notice of default from the trustee on Alliant Energy Resources $402 million senior exchangeable notes due 2030. I would refer investors to the 10-K we issued earlier on this matter or to our 10-Q that we will be issuing shortly for additional information on this topic. Turning to regulatory matters, I would like to update investors on three items; the record on WPL's retail rate case which covers the 2009 and 2010 test years is now closed. Primary contested issues in the case relate to ROE and capital structure as well as various operating and maintenance cost items. Final briefs were filed last Friday and staff published their briefing memorandum and decision matrix earlier this week. We expect a decision next month with new rates taking effect on January 1st. The second regulatory matter relates to ITC. ITC recently filed an updated Attachment O with MISO which impacts IP&L's 2009 wheeling rates. Currently the proposed rate is over 60% higher than the current rate. As a result of the proposed increase, IP&L's wheeling charges could potentially increase by $60 million in 2009. While this filing was anticipated, the magnitude of the increase was not. IPL is currently engaged in ongoing discussions with ITC to better understand the drivers behind the increase... proposed increase, and our company is aggressively pursuing opportunities to mitigate potential impact of the rate adjustments by seeking to lower or to delay the proposed rates. IPL is also considering various regulatory options for cost reduction and recovery including the filing of a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 206 complaint. Finally as you know IPL has faces unprecedented challenges over the last two years with natural disasters and continued increases in the cost of doing business. While we remain committed to aggressively manage our costs in the face of these challenges, we expect to file an Iowa electric rate case in 2009 to seek appropriate cost recovery related to these challenges. Our last electric rate case in Iowa was filed in 2004. As a remainder, Iowa uses an historical test year which includes known and measurable changes that occur within nine months of the end of the test year. Additionally interim rates go into effect subject to refund, 10 days after a filing is made. Many of the items we have discussed this morning will be drivers for our 2009 earnings. As has been our practice we will issue guidance in December after our Board of Directors approves our 2009 budget. In closing, we look forward to meeting with many of you at the upcoming EEI conference and in conjunction with our ongoing Investor Relation activities. I will now turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank Mr. Protsch. At this time the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the 1 hour time frame for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Michael Gresens with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird: The current turbine market for wind generation, wondering if you guys are seeing any opportunities in there with developers ramping or dialing back on their new build plans and is there any opportunity for you guys to build in and hopefully get improved turbine pricing?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, thanks for the question. We haven't seen that yet. Understand our positions in the wind business are number one to build the requisite alternative energy resources that are required to meet our various state RPS requirements. We really are not looking for other opportunities in the utility side of our business as it relates to wind. However RMT is obviously a major constructor of wind development projects and I would certainly expect that they would be affected positively or negatively by what happens to the full money into projects in that space. I don't know if that responsive to your question or not Michael, if it isn't please... re-ask it.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird: No it is. As in the second question you didn't... you did not mention any of your emissions controls project. Are there any updates on those projects including I guess the... that one or two projects that you've proposed?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No there are no new developments.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There we have eight Clean Air Compliance Program projects that were part of our planned capital expenditure program this year; they are all on time, on budget. And we have not altered our plans at all with respect to Clean Air Compliance Program projects going forward. The recent overturn or vacature, I guess, is the word we are using; of the care requirements will not have any noticeable impact on our planned capital programs with respect to Clean Air Compliance efforts.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Michael there will be some references to any updates that have occurred in the 10-Q filing in that regard.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All right, thank you gentlemen.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to Eric McCarthy, Praesidis Asset Management.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Good morning.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: You mentioned earlier that two of your 10 largest customers --
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Eric, could you speak up little bit.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Sorry. Is this better?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay. You mentioned earlier that two of your 10 largest customers will be out of load in 2009, how many more of your large customers are then tied to either GM or Chrysler or any other customers that might be experiencing future difficulty?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't believe any of our, what we'll use the ubiquitous term large customers other than the ones referenced are, I would... I wouldn't consider them ancillary or collateral to the automobile industry.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay. And just as a quick question on pension funding. It looked like the pension plan was relatively well funded at the end of 2007 although with a credit lend towards equities, could you discuss if you plan on making any extraordinary contribution for that plan in 2009?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we do expect pension expense to go up next year as you might imagine given what has happened with the capital markets. We will not know the effect of that until the measurement process is complete. I would point out that pension expense is a factor in the pending WPL rate case and we are looking forward to having that be appropriately addressed in that ultimate order, and filings in Iowa will likely occur next year where we will reflect what those latest cost estimates are in our filing and hence in interim rates. I don't know if that's totally responsive but as you would imagine, we're going to see a little pressure on pension cost in earnings and will offer greater clarity for that when we get to our December guidance.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay. But no plans for large cash contribution needed?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I really don't think we should comment about that right now but as I sit here today, I'd say the answer to that is no.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Okay good. I look forward to seeing you guys out in Phoenix.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Indeed.
Eric McCarthy - Praesidis Asset Management: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And Mr. Freeman, there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through November 7, 2008 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID number 462-3087. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of our company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - Manager, IR William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and CEO Eliot G. Protsch - Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts: Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co. Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners Peter Hark - Talon Capital
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jamie Freeman, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eliot Protsch, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Eliot, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2008 second quarter earnings. This release is available on Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. We have also posted supplemental material and a PowerPoint presentation to this location that contains information on recent flooding in our service territory, regulatory procedural schedules and other selected items that will be addressed during today's call. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and thanks for your continued interest in our company. Suffice it to say, I am both relieved and pleased at our second quarter results. Eliot will go over the details in a moment, but as I see it, our utility results were down slightly, and our non-regulated results were strong. At our utilities, earnings were negatively impacted by the floods, but these impact were offset by pickups owing to the favorable resolution of our 2002 through 2004 IRS audit. I think it's fair to see the 500-year flood and a multi-year tax settlement as one-time events. So the slightly lower utility earnings can be explained by milder weather and the foreseeing consequences of the sale of our IP&L transmission assets. On the non-regulated side, we also enjoyed a slight one-time pick up due to the IRS settlement. But more important, saw very strong performance at RMT WindConnect. Performance we expect to continue and improve going forward. For the full year, I'm pleased that despite the impact of the historic flooding, we can raise our consolidated continuing operations earning guidance range by $0.05 a share. We are currently estimating the 2008 negative impact of the flood at the utilities at $0.15 versus the $0.20 estimated earlier. But this item is largely offset by an $0.11 tax settlement benefit. Our utilities also continue to see benefits from our lean six sigma activities and our ongoing efforts to control utility operating costs. Our employees are dedicated to meeting the expectations of our shareowners, just like they are dedicated to meeting the needs of our customers. Other factors increasing our earnings estimate include RMT's continued growth in the wind EPC market and modest performance improvements across all of our non-regulated businesses. Recapping the flood, at its quest, the Cedar River in downtown Cedar Rapids reached over 31 feet, nearly double the 16-foot mark that constitutes a major flood stage. This caused 9 square miles of the city, including over 4000 homes and 800 businesses to be evacuated. While many businesses are still waiting for clean up and refurbishment efforts to progress, before returning to downtown Cedar Rapids, the load numbers in the entire city which is Alliant Energy's largest single load center continue to improve. Initially about 230 megawatts of load in the entire city, which is about 35% of normal level for the entire city, was unable to receive service due to the flooding. As of last week, load in the entire city was only 10% lower than normal. Five of our top 10 industrial customers at IP&L were impacted by the flooding. But all five have resumed operations. While the impacts of the flood on many lives and small businesses in downtown Cedar Rapids has been dramatic, the consequential impact to our load over time will not be. Our Prairie Creek and Sixth Street generating stations in Cedar Rapids, both remain out of service due to significant damage. We expect Prairie Creek to be back on line by the end of the year. Sixth Street is a relatively small facility, and the oldest in our fleet. It plays an important role in providing cost effective steam service to many industrial customers, hotels and hospitals in downtown Cedar Rapids. Some of our larger steam customers are currently evaluating their alternatives for future steam service from this plant. While we continue to assess damages and repair costs, their decision as to whether or not to remain on our steam system will be one of several factors that determine the approach we ultimately take at the Sixth Street site. While the high pressure steam customers make up the bulk of our Cedar Rapids area steam load, more than 100 low pressure steam customers, generally small downtown business customers, were also affected. We are working closely with these customers to ensure that they have heat for the upcoming cold weather season and viable options for their long-term operation. I'd like to pause for a moment here to recognize the extraordinary efforts of our employees, suppliers, and other organizations who supported us throughout this historic event. In spite of the fact that five of our facilities in the Cedar Rapids area were evaluated as a result of the flooding, including our corporate offices downtown, our planning and execution ensured that our operations continued. I am incredibly proud of our employees and their professional and safe handling of this extreme event. And I am most grateful to the organizations that supported us. Of course, even us clean up and recovery efforts continue in downtown Cedar Rapids, we have made additional progress in the execution of our strategic plan, to invest in wind generation, environmental controls, and two hybrid baseload coal plants. I'll start with our wind generation plans. Construction at WP&L's 68 megawatt Cedar Ridge Wind Farm is well underway. 13 of 41 turbines have been erected and the electrical interconnection and the substation work for the entire farm is substantially complete. The project is on schedule to be in-service by the end of the year, and plus are forecasted to come in within the budget of $165 million. In June, we signed the largest contract in our company's history, securing 500 megawatts of turbines from Vestas at a cost of approximately $810 million. After signing, we made an initial payment of $138 million. The turbines will be delivered in three groups over the next 32 months. Delivery of the first 200 megawatts of Vestas turbines to our Whispering Willow Wind Farm site in Franklin County, Iowa is scheduled to begin early in the second quarter of next year. Site preparation and infrastructure work will begin later this year and we expect the project will begin commercial operation in early 2010 at a cost of approximately $400 million to $450 million. Under the fixed financial parameters approved by the Iowa Utilities Board earlier this year, the project will earnings a return on equity of 11.7%. Also last quarter we completed a series of regulatory filings in Wisconsin and Minnesota to install 200 megawatts of the Vestas turbines at the WP&L owned Bent Tree Wind Farm site located in Freeborn County, Minnesota. We expect to have all necessary approvals to move forward with the project by the end of this year. The wind farm will be included in WP&L rate base using traditional rate making, and is scheduled to be in-service by the end of 2010, at a cost of $425 million to $475 million. The final item to discuss related to our wind program is the announcement of a potential addition wind project at WP&L. We planned to install 200 megawatts by 2013 as part of the carbon reduction plan contingent on approval of our proposed Nelson Dewey unit #3. I'll discuss more detail on that plan a little later. While we've not decided the location of the project, you may recall that we have about 500 megawatts of extra capacity in sites that are under our control. With respect to our environmental controls program, like others in the industry, we are carefully monitoring the developments arising out of the recent decision by the District of Columbia, Court of Appeals, vacating the EPA's Clean Air Interstate Rule. While our company does not have any scrubbers or SCRs currently in operation, in May we began construction of the first of many planned large scale environmental control projects. That first project is an SCR at our Lansing Generating Station Unit number 4 in Iowa, which is designed to remove more than 90% of NOx emissions when it begins commercial operation in late 2009. The estimated cost of the project is $85 million. Despite the recent CAIR ruling, we are moving forward with this project. In addition to the Lansing SCR, planning efforts continue on many other environmental control projects across our fleet. While we may have to refine these plans as the scope of the new regulations that replace CAIR become known, we believe it is important to continue implementing our plans, due to the lengthy and complex sequence of activities needed to install air emission controls. By early next year, we plan to file the required regulatory applications for the following projects. SCRs at Edgewater units 4 and 5 that are expected to be in-service by 2012, with our share of the investment estimated at $230 million. For sulfur dioxide, we're planning for the installation of scrubbers across our Wisconsin coal fleet. A certificate of the authority application has already been filed for the two existing units at the Nelson Dewey site, and we are working with joint partners to make similar filings for Columbia units 1 and 2 as well as Edgewater 4. These five scrubbers, all of which we plan to have completed by 2013, are designed to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions at the respective units by over 90%. And will require WP&L to incur capital costs, in excess of $600 million. Additionally, plans to install baghouses to control mercury at our Burlington, Lansing and Ottumwa generation stations in Iowa, have been filed with the Iowa Utilities Board as part of our 2009 to 2010 emissions plan and budget filing. We plan to start construction, pending the IUB's order approving the filing. Our share of the cost of these baghouse projects is estimated at approximately $250 million. It is important to know that we believe compliance obligations for all of the projects in Wisconsin just referenced, which account for approximately $830 million of investment, are driven by existing and anticipated regulations other than CAIR. Finally, over the past several years, we have them purchasing emission allowances to bridge the period between when the CAIR standards would have taken effect and when our controls were scheduled to be in-service. At the end of the second quarter, we have $64 million of emission allowances recorded as intangible assets and $45 million of forward contracts. Regulators have reviewed our allowance purchase plans as part of our overall environmental compliance efforts. Turning to our baseload generation plants, we expect to receive the written order approving the siting application for the Sutherland Generating Station Unit #4 imminently. It has taken a little longer to get the written order that we originally expected, but we do not expect any meaningful deviations from the overall decision we received at the end of April. As a reminder, there were two significant conditions in that decision. First, the facility must utilize biomass for 5% of its fuel source by 2015, with that number increasing to 10% by 2018. Second, 10% of IP&L's energy must be derived from renewals by 2013 and that amount must increase by 1% per year for 15 years, after the Sutherland Generating Station Unit # 4 becomes operational. The rate making principles proceeding for the Sutherland project is well underway. Three interveners, the Office of Consumer Advocate, the Industrial Consumer Coalition and an association including the environmental group, Plains Justice, filed their direct testimony last month. Technical hearings are scheduled for September 15th and the decision on the docket is anticipated later this year. The Iowa Department of Natural Resources continues to work on the air permit for the new Sutherland unit. We anticipate that the IDNR will complete drafting the air permit later this month. We expect the public comment period to begin sometime in September and a final air permit for the facility to be issued in the fourth quarter. In Wisconsin, the final environmental impact statement for WP&L's proposed Nelson Dewey unit # 3 was recently issued jointly by the Wisconsin Commission, and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. From our perspective, there are two very positive conclusions in the report. First, there is a recognition the WP&L needs to add baseload capacity, to reduce its reliance on purchase power in order to keep rates affordable. Second, the report concluded that the Nelson Dewey site is one of the best biomass resource areas in the United States. We're disappointed however, with this staff's conclusion that Nelson Dewey is not the most cost effective option. Their analysis show that either a 300 megawatt share of a larger coal unit or a 300 megawatt combined cycle unit would be lower cost alternative for the customers. Our perspective is that joint ownership of a larger coal unit does not represent a viable option given the absence of joint partners and that coal offers greater price stability for customers, compared to increasing of reliance on natural gas. Staff also did not consider the transmission input capability benefits of the Nelson Dewey expansion. While we acknowledge that qualifying this type of benefit is not on exact science, including a reasonable estimate based on the ranges provided by the American Transmission Company, largely erases any cost deficit perceived by the commission staff. Finally, the report did not consider a proposal we offered in our direct testimony in June to reduce WP&L's carbon emissions by implementing the following four actions. First, retiring WP&L's oldest coal plant, the 75 megawatt Edgewater Generating Station unit #3. Second, committing to increase energy efficiency savings from our voluntary shared savings program, by 15%. Third, increasing the use of biofuels at the proposed Nelson Dewey unit from 10 to 20%. And finally, as I mentioned earlier, increasing WP&L's investment in wind, by 200 megawatts. When combined with our previously announced wind projects and conservation efforts, these actions are designed to more than offset the carbon emissions from the new unit. In fact, as shown on slide number two, our proposed WP&L and IP&L carbon plants offset CO2 emissions from our two proposed hybrid coal plants by more than 20%. WP&L's CO2 proposal also supports the recent report in Wisconsin by the governor's task force on global warming, which calls for an aggressive agenda to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the state. As members of the task force, we support the ambitious goals, but we also understand the challenges that lie ahead in achieving the proposed levels in a way that maintains affordable electric rates to our customers. We also prefer to see carbon regulation ultimately addressed at the federal level. The CPCM process for Nelson Dewey will continue to play out this quarter, with intervener testimony due next Monday. We will provide liberal [ph] testimony at the beginning of September and the technical hearings will get underway on September 19th. I should note that the Nelson Dewey expansion enjoys a broad base of support from diverse interests that represent the biomass industry, conservation groups, labor unions and businesses. Under Wisconsin law, the commission has until the middle of this December to issue a written ruling on the Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity application. So we should expect an overall decision some time in November. Before summarizing my key takeaways for the quarter, there is another important development that I want to update you on. The Public Service Commission of Wisconsin continues to advance changes to the fuel rules through the administrative rule making process. All public comments on the proposal are due today and the commission's announced intent is to provide proposed revisions to the legislature by the end of this month. The new rules are expected to become effective the later of January 1st of next year or when the changes are approved by the legislature. Under the proposed rules, the commission would review each utility's forecasted fuel cost plan and after rehearing establish rates. During the course of the year to which the plan applies, the rule would allow a utility to defer the cost changes outside a 2% band between the fuel cost reflected in the rates and the actual cost incurred. While we and the other utilities in the state are advocating for a lower fuel band of 1%, overall we are very pleased with the proposed changes and believe they have greater transparency and reduced volatility for both our customers and our investors. In summary then, downtown Cedar Rapids and our company were hit hard by historic flooding. As always, our employees have risen to the challenge, and both we and the city look forward to moving on from the disaster. Our employees performed magnificently in this crisis. Excluding non-recurring impacts of the flood, and the tax settlement, we continue to produce strong and predictable earnings. RMT WindConnect has a strong foothold in the fast growing wind construction market, and as Eliot will review, their results are beginning to become a meaningful contributor to earnings. We continue to make progress on investments in wind, environmental controls, and our proposed Sutherland baseload facility. Permitting coal plants have certainly become an extremely complex undertaking, especially in Wisconsin. But this fuel source remains an important part of our balanced plan to meet our customers' energy needs. And finally, I am pleased that our positive RMT WindConnect results and our utility operating efficiency gains allow us to raise our 2008 guidance. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Eliot for comments on our second quarter results and other financial matters.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bill and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our second quarter continuing operations results came in $0.07 higher than the same period in 2007. While our earnings release contains an overview of the various earnings drivers, I would like to provide additional insight into some of the more noteworthy items. First, as we disclosed in our 10-K, the IRS has been auditing our federal returns for the period 2002 through 2004 calendar years. We are very pleased to report that a settlement was reached at the end of June, that resulted in a significant earnings benefit of $0.11. $0.07 was recorded at the utilities, primarily related to additional qualifying research and development tax deductions, associated with the construction of the Emery Generation Station and other smaller R&D projects. $0.04 was recorded at AER as a result of numerous miscellaneous adjustments. As Bill indicated, investors should view the results of this settlement as a non-recurring item. As a consequence of this settlement, we are now estimating a consolidated effective income tax rate for 2008 of 32%. Second, WP&L experienced lower fuel cost in the quarter compared to what was included in interim fuel rates that were established at the end of April. For the first six months of this year, actual fuel cost compared to the amount collected in rates increased earnings $0.03 per share. Because the WP&L fuel rate is an average for the year, under recovery is expected during certain periods of the year, and is typically greatest in the third quarter, when electricity prices are at their highest. We expect under recovery of fuel cost in the second half of the year to reduce earnings by approximately $0.05 per share, and that assumption is incorporated into our revised guidance. As Bill also mentioned earlier, we're hopeful that the new fuel rules will be in place in Wisconsin at the beginning of 2009. Third, our sales are holding up well, despite the current economic climate. The notable exception is continued softness with our manufacturing oriented industrial customers in Wisconsin. Sales in this class were 3% lower for the quarter, when compared to the same period in 2007. A large paper mill in our service territory closed in June as they had previously announced and a General Motors assembly plant has permanently reduced a shift from operations and is scheduled to close by 2010. Together, these two customers represent approximately 1% of WP&L's retail sales and because the industrial class has a lower relative margin contribution, the earnings impact is limited. In Iowa, excluding the impacts of flooding, our agricultural-based industrial customers continue to poll solid growth. Fourth, the quarter saw a negative $0.07 impact at WPL due to flooding. As previously mentioned, we are reducing the total estimated impact of flooding on this year's earnings from our previously announced $0.20 to $0.15 per share as customers are returning to service faster than previously anticipated. Details on the estimated total cost from flooding in Iowa and what is expected to flow through the income statement are shown on slide three. We are in ongoing discussions with the Iowa Utility Board concerning recovery of those flood-related costs, which are not covered by either insurance, the fuel adjustment cost or export steam contract adjustments. The information on the slide is fully incorporated in our revised guidance. And finally, we are very pleased to report that our non-regulated RMT subsidiary continues to gain traction as a contractor and service provider to the renewable energy market. RMT WindConnect is involved in the construction of approximately 1000 megawatts of wind energy projects that are expected to come online in 2008. Including the Fowler project in Indiana, which will be the largest wind farm in North America when completed. We estimate that RMT has approximately 17% of the wind EPC market based on the number of wind megawatts under construction as reported by the American Wind Energy Association. This performance has led to second quarter revenue for RMT of $98 million, which is an increase of about 75% over the same period last year. For 2008 fiscal year, we are expecting RMT to earn $0.16 per share, which represents a doubling of their 2007 contribution to consolidated earnings. In addition to the increase to our earnings guidance, we are also increasing our capital expenditure projection for the period covering 2008 through 2010. Expenditure estimates by major project are included in the earnings release and slide four details the changes from our previous disclosures. Our liquidity remains strong at the end of the second quarter, with about $575 million of cash and cash equivalents and over $400 million available under our revolving credit facilities. Earlier today, we received SEC approval for shelf registrations for IPL and WPL in the amounts of $500 million and $450 million respectively. We anticipate long-term debt offerings later this year, in part to reduce short-term debt levels at the utilities. While our recently updated capital expenditure forecast for 2009, has increased by about $500 million, primarily due to the acceleration of spending at our wind firms, we continue to believe that our strong fiscal position will allow us to avoid common equity issuance until 2010. Moving to regulatory activity, slides five through eight includes schedules for several of our major proceedings. WPL's General Electric and Gas retail rate case for 2009 and 2010 test years continues at a pace that should enable new rates to be in place at the beginning of 2009. Commission staff and the interveners to the case will file their direct testimony on Monday. There have been several developments, since we filed the case in February, that we expect will result in a staff recommendation lower than the $93 million increase that was initially requested. For example, our $16 million fuel order that was received in April will result in a lower fuel adjustment in the General rate case, since we are already collecting half higher rates. Also $20 million of our proposed increase relates to infrastructure projects including Nelson Dewey 3 and the Bent Tree wind project. We do not expect the PSEW staff to include these projects in their recommended rate level for cash returns on construction work in progress, since the projects have not yet been approved. Finally, we're hopeful that the final order in this case will support our desire to maintain equity ratios and ROE authorizations going into our construction program. Technical hearings on the docket begin on September 10th. In closing, we are very pleased with the financial health of our company and our performance in the last quarter. Excluding the previously referenced flood and tax settlement impacts, our operations continue to post solid results and we believe our balance sheet is well positioned to finance our significant forward capital expenditure program. We look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming months in conjunction with our ongoing Investor Relations activities. I will now turn the call back over to the operator Tony to facilitate the question-and-answer session. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Protsch. At this time, the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Dave Parker with Robert W. Baird. Mr. Parker, please go ahead. Your line is open sir.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: I am sorry. Good morning and kudos on a good quarter, given some of the unusual items. Maybe first thing, if you could talk about the flooding, since some of the recovery, I guess the regulatory frameworks sometimes are keyed upon public kind of feedback or view on how you responded to the challenges faced by the flood? Is there anything... do you... have you received any kind of public feedback on how IP&L did during or at least the public perceived how IP&L did during the flood?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David, this is Bill. Obviously, we've had a variety of both expressive public opinion as well as in private public opinion expressed. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, we're extraordinarily proud of the way our organization performed and we're extraordinarily proud of our people and I think it is fair to say that overall, the reaction in Cedar Rapids to our performance during this event has been very, very positive. That's both from the public in general and certainly from all of the local public officials with whom we've had intense dealings over this timeframe. So I think, we get good marks for how we performed.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good. And what we had seen in some of the pictures that you had on your website, boy, what a huge challenge there. Is there anything public from the Iowa PUC and I believe also you were applying for some kind of deferral accounting from them for some of these costs?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: David, we've had some ongoing conversations with the Iowa Utilities Board about they are giving consideration to various forms of rate treatment for non-insured cost recovery that will arise here. Deferral accounting is not a common practice in Iowa. Whether or not that is a mechanism the board will consider, given that we are talking about something that apparently happens every 500 years, I really can't predict whether or not they'll entertain something like deferral accounting. The fact of the matter is that we are engaged in ongoing conversations with the board conserving accommodations that deal with non-insured cost recovery associated with the flood, and the door hasn't been shut on those conversations. So I view that as a good sign, but what kind of mechanism, if any, the board might ultimately consider to deal with the situation is very much a work in progress at this point in time.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: So, everything has been expensed [ph] so far?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We're dealing with the allocation of insurance proceeds to the class associated with the flood. Some of its own and some its capital and that's... all I can tell you David is that, that is all reflected in our revised guidance and in one of the pages of PowerPoints included on our website. They are sort of a breakdown of the way we have calculated the $0.15 impact at the utilities of the flood.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And moving on to... I think there's a lot of color around Nelson Dewey in particular and where you stand versus the staff's opinion, and hopefully whether the commissioners may decide, but recently the Wisconsin Energy Task Force released sort of its opinion on a lot of different items. And how would your opinion or view and some of it's been tweaked here throughout the whole Nelson Dewey approval process, sort of lineup with some of the findings of the Wisconsin Energy Task Force?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it does very much. I think our proposal for that facility and the other activities that I outlined that are associated with our balanced generation plan, I think square very well with the recommendations from the Governor's Task Force. Biofuels is a big part of the Nelson Dewey proposal, 20% biofuel Btu input into a facility is a big deal and it's something that we are committed to doing, it's something that we are designing the plant to be able to accommodate and when you add that to our very robust renewables program, both the one that is currently underway as well as the one that we've announced as being contingent upon the approval of Nelson Dewey number 3, I think puts our plan four square aligned with the recommendations from the Governor's Task Force. Nothing in the Governor's Task Force says that we should not continue our reliance upon coal as a fuel source for the production of electricity in Wisconsin.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Excellent, thank you. There was a lot of discussion last week and I think revolves around uncertainty as far as the Wisconsin fuel rules and revision. I think everyone looks at the band and the band hasn't changed much and we wonder how is that much better. But my perception is what's they missed is that the change in the fuel rules are that it's not this perspective only kind of change, which means that you cannot only under earn 2% or could actually be 4, 5, 6 or whatever. Is that essentially the biggest change here with the way that the rules, the new fuel rules could be, if they implement it next year?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, this is Eliot. You are on the money, so to speak. The incorporation of a deferral capability under these new rules is very significant to the economic health and recovery of these fast for our shareholders, because when you look at the historical experience of the cause, it is primarily the regulatory lag that has been detrimental to our shareowners. So that would go away with deferral economy. So I think you have captured the essence of the change.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Eliot, do you have off the top of your head, what the under recovery of fuel did to earnings in 2007, and maybe even 2006?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that in front of me. But as I recall, Jamie is here in the room. Jamie, do you have that information?
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: I can follow up with you David.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, why don't we get that to you offline rather than we run the risk of misquoting the number because we previously disclosed that. We try to lay it out very explicitly this year in the prepared remarks. So, let us know if we have any follow up there as well.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And before I leave, the wonderful fuel rules in Wisconsin, it appears as if one of the reasons why the improved utility outlook is in fact because public cost have gone down there for you. You look to have a lower fuel under recovery potentially for this year? C: Eliot G. Protsch: Well, part that has to do with degree days in the second quarter, when you... all of the forecast for the fuel rules are of course based on normal weather, and we hedge to a certain degree and try to minimize our open positions. When you rolled it all together, extremely hot weather, requiring us to burn more fuel is not necessarily always advantages to our shareowners, when you have market prices that differ from our basic assumptions, when the fuel rate was established for the year. And of course that was done in 2007 and then adjusted with our interim plans. So lots of moving pieces in those complex rules that in Wisconsin can... if they don't line up relative to the original assumptions, can be detrimental.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good, I give that... I am sorry to have so many questions here. Moving to the non-reg, and I wrote these questions down so I don't forget them Bill since you told me I am older than Dirk [ph]. At WindConnect, I mean nice pick up in the quarter and then also the longer term... the outlook for 2008. What you think the capacity is here for WindConnect and clearly the demand for wind power generation and the outlook for wind power has been lately written about lately. What do you think the longer term look for RMT WindConnect biz?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Eliot covered the presence of the business in the marketplace today and I think for our purposes here today, there are two obvious considerations. Number one, the wind energy market is on a dramatic upturn in the United States, and I don't think there is anyone that understands this industry that doesn't believe it's going to remain very robust for many years to come. And RMT has a very substantial position in that marketplace that because the company is well managed, we should expect its position in the marketplace to increase over time. So being a well positioned company with an objective to increase your presence in a rapidly growing marketplace, I think spells a bright future for RMT WindConnect.
Dave Parker - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Steve Fleishman at Catapult.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Hi guys, can you hear me?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Just on the RMT WindConnect, did you say that you are now expecting that business to earn $0.16 for the year?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Is that right.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Is it possible for you to give us some sense on the other non-reg businesses?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: This transportation business which is our short line railroad as well as a variety of rail large and coal storage operations, will earn something around $0.07 for the year. Our non-regulated generation business which is the Sheboygan Falls facility that is leased to Wisconsin Power & Light Company under the lease generation law as well as ended least generation. Although as well our [indiscernible] operations are expected to earn $0.05 to $0.08 a share and there are a variety of other smaller unregulated businesses that will make modest contributions as well.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. And as we think going forward, the business that should really grow from this year should be WindConnect, the other should be more stable?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly the upside potential with respect to WindConnect is greater than it is with respect to the other businesses. Our intention is to grow the earnings of the other businesses as well but certainly the greater upside potential via considerably margin is related to WindConnect.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. And just I think Eliot had mentioned on the staff recommendation that's coming, the fuel obviously would be adjusted and then I guess this... they probably are not going to allow quip on some of these bill, although I guess you could book AFUDC anyway.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Steve, what I was looking to communicate is that we would not expect staff to file testimony that would be inappropriately from their position presumptuous that what the commission is going to do with the CPCN dockets that are in front of them for Nelson Dewey. We would expect that if that we receive favorable outcome and then the Nelson Dewey proceeding for example before the final order is issued that the commission would seek to adjust the final order to reflect whatever it is they might conclude as to an appropriate return on construction work in progress. But, you are correct that we would accrue AFUDC in the event that the timing of the one of those dockets does not line up.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. One other question, just from a general standpoint. If in the event you are not allowed to build either of the coal plants which, I guess we'll see what happens, but in that event, obviously, you are still building these wind projects. Would you still need to replace that power with some other type of plant, like a gas plant or some sort of something else in that unlikely event?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Clearly, we answer this is yes. Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Correct.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And obviously, the alternatives that are available out there in the world today are nuclear or natural gas and we are not rushing to the door to build nuclear plants here at Alliant Energy. So the alternatives are going to be gas plants and I think if you look at the Wisconsin Commission staff's perspectives in the final environmental impact statement, their perspective appears to be that if we aren't allowed to build Nelson Dewey, we ought to build a bigger coal plant somewhere else and share it with others or we should build a natural gas plant. And that same conversation obviously has taken place at IP&L. However, at IP&L we already have joint partners that are a part of the proposed Sutherland unit number 4.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Great. One other quick question, just the operating cost savings at the utility that allowed you to increase your guidance, are those kind of across both for the utility companies?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay, okay, thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from Peter Hark at Talon Capital.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Yes, good morning. A couple of quick clarification questions first. What do you anticipate your quip balances will be by year end, for both the Whispering Willow and the Cedar Ridge projects, and where do you think the cash balances will go to by year end?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I believe we have a slide, if you look at slide four that we posted, that should give you a sense by project of where we believe our spending will end the year at, to all of the projects. But in the case of Cedar Ridge, that project will be in service. So, that should have zero quip as of your hand.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay. And you'll... Eliot you'll be funding that booth with cash and debt, so where will the cash balance you can go from the... 574 million at the period end now?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've not given or provided a exact forecast of year end cash, but if you look at our CapEx through the end of June, and you look at the estimates of where we are going to... or what we are going to spend for the entire year, it's going to remain positive plus we'll be terming out some of our short-term debt into long-term debt, which to some degree is capital structure management as well as effective utilization of cash.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Okay, great. And then just maybe following up on David's question a little bit on the fuel under recovery, what's anticipated Wisconsin fuel under recovery for this year and... how much of that would you recover if and when the new mechanism is approved?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's around $0.02 under recovery for the year, $0.02 to $0.03, I think is what we have incorporated in our guidance. But you should assume that there will be no claw back, if you will, to capture whatever our under recovery might be for 2008. Of course, the way the rules are structured, if something were to happen, it's unanticipated and we have an over recovery that there is a refund rule that would come into effect if you are outside of the band.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: Right. And that's... to that point, that's the $1 million reserve that you made here in the second quarter?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. And are subject to what... Jamie could call you on this, but I think '08 is going to be a very good year when judged against the last... experience of the last five in terms of managing the WPL fuel costs in a way that is reasonably non-detrimental to shareowners.
Peter Hark - Talon Capital: I agree. Well, thank you very much. Thank you.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And it would appear that we have no further questions in the queue. Mr. Freeman, I would like to turn it back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: With no more questions, it concludes our call. A replay will be available through August 13, 2008 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international callers. Callers should reference conference ID number 1629947. In addition, an archive of the conference call and the script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on Investors section of our company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow up questions.
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. We thank everyone for their participation. You may disconnect your lines at any time. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 13:15:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - Manager, IR William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and CEO Eliot G. Protsch - Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alliant Energy First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jamie Freeman, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy. Please go ahead Sir.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eliot Protsch, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Eliot, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2008 first quarter earnings. This release is available on the right hand side of the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Bill who will provide some general comments on the quarter, the economy in our service territories, our generation plan and some recent actions on energy efficiency.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jamie. Good morning everyone and thanks for your continued interest in our company. During the first quarter, our employees and businesses continue to perform admirably. Despite much colder than normal weather, and a record-breaking snowfall totals, our utility distribution system reliability was above historical averages. And most important, our continued focus on safety has significantly reduced the number of loss time accidents in our workforce. I'm also pleased with the solid financial results we produced in the first quarter. While Eliot will touch on most of the key drivers later in the call, I want to take a minute to discuss how our service territory is fairing in the current economic climate. In Iowa, housing starts are only 2% below last year's first quarter and the unemployment rate is amongst the lowest in the nation. In terms of electric sales, colder than average weather and increased usage, drove sales up 4%. The biggest driver of this increase was in the industrial class. With a combined electric sales to our top 10 customers, many of which are agriculture base, jumped 6% either the top 10 industrial customers experienced electric usages. In Wisconsin, housing starts are 3% above last year's first quarter and the unemployment rate is slightly below the national average. While the number of WP&L retail electrical customers grew about 2% in each class versus a year ago, sales were essentially flat. Unlike IP&L, WP&L's industrial class is concentrated in manufacturing and eight of the top ten customers experienced declines in their electric usage. Despite the much colder than normal winter and corresponding high gas prices, our utilities did not experience any spikes in either bad debt expense or accounts 30 days in arrears. In fact, both of the customer collection metrics improved versus the same period last year. In summary, to this point the economy has not significantly affected our utility business. While the manufacturing sector has softened, we have benefited from our diverse mix of industrial customers. Further, our customers have to this point; been able to pay their utility bills at normal collection patterns. Turning to our generation build out plan, yesterday we've received our first decision from the Iowa Utility Board on IP&L's proposed southern wind generation station unit number four. We're pleased that the Board agreed that the project met the necessary criteria of the generation citing certificate and approved the docket The following conditions were part of their oral decisions. First, IP&L will periodically review the viability of carbon capture and sequestration technology for the proposed power plant with the IUB. Second, the facility will utilize biomass for 5% of its fuel source within two years of the facility becoming operational. With that number increasing to 10% within five years. On this point, I would note that Sutherland facility is already designed with the capability to burn 10% biomass. And third, 10% of the energy would be derived renewables by 2013, and IP&L would increase that amount by 1% per year for 15 years after the Sutherland generating station unit number four becomes operational. While, we look forward to the opportunity to review the IUB's written order in the coming weeks, the conditions in yesterday's decision appeared to be both reasonable and attainable. For an IPP, there would not be any other Board involvement beyond the citing decision. Because, IP&L was a rate regulated utility. The final IUB action is to take up the ratemaking principles filing that was made in March. In that proceeding, IP&L will continue to demonstrate the reasonableness of the project compared to other supply alternatives. As a part of the ratemaking principles' application, IP&L has requested a return on the common equity component of the investment of 12.55%. We expect a decision on this filing around the end of the third quarter. After working with our EPC contractor, in March we updated the cost of our 350-megawatt ownership share of the Sutherland project to a range with a midpoint of $1 billion, excluding AFUDC. This increases the result of material and labor cost pressures being experienced across the construction industry. Because, the cost for all types of generating facilities is rising, the project's relative economic advantage to other supply alternatives remains unchanged. In Wisconsin, the procedural schedule for WP&L's proposed Nelson Dewey unit number 3, including technical and public hearings will be determined this quarter. We're working on an updated cost estimate for the project with our EPC contractor and expect to provide the revised numbers to the Commission later this month. Under Wisconsin statutes, the Commission has until December to make a decision on the certificate of public convenience and necessity. We believe that the two proposed hybrid base load facilities are in the best interest of our customers when balancing reliability, economics and the environment. Moving on to our investments in wind generation, construction continues at WP&L's 68 megawatt Cedar Ridge Wind Farm. Turbine erection will begin in a few weeks and the project is expected to begin commercial operation in the fourth quarter of this year. The total investment at this site will be approximately $165 million. WP&L also continues planning for the development of 200 megawatts of wind at the Bent Tree Wind Farm site in southern Minnesota. A certificate of public convenience and necessity in Wisconsin and various filings in Minnesota are planned to be made this quarter. We expect to have all required approvals to move forward with this project by the first quarter of next year. We expect the project to be included in rate base using traditional rate making and it is scheduled to be in service by the end of 2010 at a cost of approximately $400 million to $450 million. In February, IP&L received approval to proceed with a 200-megawatt wind project at its Whispering Willow Wind Farm in Franklin County, Iowa. Under the advanced rate making principles order already received, this $400 million to $450 million investment will earn an 11.7% return on equity when it begins commercial operation, which is currently planned for 2010. We are engaged in negotiations with Turbine suppliers and expect to have an agreement signed this quarter. Combined the Bent Tree and Whispering Willow Wind Farm sites have about 900 megawatts of potential capacity which is 500 megawatts above our already announced development plans. The last item of note in our utility generation plan is the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin's recent approval for WP&L to purchase the 300- megawatt simple cycle natural gas-fuelled Neenah generating facility from our non-regulated affiliate. Pending FERC approval, the transaction is expected to close in June of 2009 at a cost of approximately $95 million. Finally let me touch on our commitment to energy efficiency. Alliant Energy has been an active participant on this front for over 20 years. Data published by the Department of Energy shows that despite accounting for less than 1% of national electric sales, our utilities have accounted for over 3% of all peak load energy efficiency and demand side management gains in the nation over the most recent five-year period. Two recent events highlight our continued commitment to energy efficiency. First, in February WP&L received approval to implement advanced metering infrastructure and the first meters were installed last month. This $95 million program is scheduled to be rolled out to all Wisconsin electrical and gas customers by the middle of 2010. AMI will provide the foundation for the emerging smart grid that will offer conservation opportunities such as direct load control of appliances and communication with programmable thermostats. We intend to extend the AMI program to our IP&L customers pending appropriate regulatory treatment. Also at WP&L, our recent general rate case filing includes a continuation of $40 million of annual investment in energy efficiency improvements at customer facilities through WP&L's successful shared savings program, which both reduces energy consumption and allows WP&L to earn a return for its shareholders. Second, in April, IP&L filed its 2009 to 2013 energy efficiency plan. The filing includes a commitment to spend $400 million over the next five years to help our customers reduce electric and natural gas usage. The proposal calls for an enhancement of the energy efficiency programs and cash rebates that IP&L has offered for over 15 years. New programs include cash rebates related to the installation of renewable equipment. Over the planned period, we expect to achieve energy savings of approximately 1% of retail electric sales. The spending levels and energy efficiency saving goals are more than 50% higher than those realized over the previous five years. As in the past, these expenditures and the outcomes they produce are expected to be earnings neutral. In closing, I'll summarize that key takeaways for the quarter. First, we continue to produce solid operating and financial results in our core utilities and non-regulated businesses. And second, we continue to execute on an investment plan that balances reliability, economics, and the environment. We have received several positive regulatory approvals for our plans so far this year and we look forward to working constructively with all interested parties on our remaining applications. We appreciate your continued support of our company, and at this time I'd like to turn the call over to Eliot for comments on our first quarter earnings drivers, full-year guidance, financing plans, and regulatory matters.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bill, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. I would like to begin with a few comments on our first quarter earnings, which were $0.07 higher than the same period in 2007. First, earnings reflect our established practice of hedging weather impacts on our utility business. Despite the hedge, we were able to capture $0.03 of weather-related earnings in the first quarter, as heating degree days were 15% higher than normal. Second, as we discussed in our guidance call last December, while we expect the sale of our IPL transmission assets to be accretive to shareowners over time, our earnings are reduced until the proceeds from the sale are deployed back into utility rate base. Third, volatile fuel costs have impacted earnings at WP&L. I'll discuss this topic in more detail in a few minutes. Finally, led by RMT's WindConnect business, our non-regulated businesses posted solid results. RMT WindConnect, a leader in the wind farm construction business is currently executing over 700 megawatts of wind farm construction contracts in seven states. Over its history, RMT WindConnect has been involved in over 3,000 megawatts of wind projects in 19 different states from California to New York. The strong WindConnect results in the quarter and projects currently under contract have enabled us to modestly increase earnings guidance for our non-regulated businesses. We are also lowering our earnings estimate for the parent due to lower earnings on our significant short-term investments portfolio, which totaled approximately $630 million at the end of March. The RMT and parent changes offset one another thus our earnings guidance at the consolidated level is unchanged at a range of $2.55 per share to $2.75 per share. We continue to believe that warehousing, the proceeds from our transmission sale for our generation build out, and environmental compliance program is the right choice for our investors when compared to repurchasing common stock. Some of the factors influencing that view include the near-term nature of our capital needs and the uncertainty in the equity markets. As a result of this decision, we do not anticipate issuing any new common equity in 2008 or 2009 despite our substantial capital expenditure plan. We executed one financing that may be of interest to you in the first quarter. In March, we completed the remarketing of three series of pollution control revenue bonds totaling $78 million. These refinancings changed the interest rate from a seven-day auction rate mode to a fixed interest rate through final maturity. Like many orders of auction rate securities, the recent deterioration in the credit markets resulted in weekly rates that were at times 500 basis points higher than historical averages. As a result of the transactions, we no longer had any securities exposed to the auction rate market. Our capital expenditure guidance for the period covering 2008 through 2010 that we've provided in our 10-K remains unchanged. Our capital plan is highly dependent on future regulatory approvals for major construction projects, wind turbine availability as well as evolving material and labor cost in the construction market. We will provide updates to these estimates when there are meaningful changes in the amounts or timing. Moving to regulatory activity. In February, WPL filed a General Electric and Gas retail rate case for 2009 and 2010 test years. The application requests a $93 million or approximately 9% increase in electric rates. The increase includes the rate-base additions for the Cedar Ridge Wind Farm, Neenah generating facility and AMI. Other drivers include a cash return on construction work in progress and increased wheeling cost. We are requesting a limited reopener in the second year to incorporate cost associated with major infrastructure projects. For natural gas, we are requesting an $800,000 or approximately 1% rate decrease. We are also asking to fully decouple natural gas rates for residential and our smaller commercial customers. The rate case filing requests that WP&L maintains its current authorized return on its common equity of 10.8% and a financial equity ratio of 53%. In March, WP&L also filed a retail fuel case requesting a $15.6 million or 1.3% increases. Approval to implement interim rates at the requested level was received last week. WPL under recovered approximately $5 million of fuel cost during the first quarter, which had a negative impact of $0.03 per share. If our outlook of future prices proves incorrect, there will be further exposure to the fuel cost, if costs increase or refunds to customers with interest if costs go down. A detailed overview of the mechanics of the fuel costs rules in Wisconsin is available in the Investor section on our website. Since the beginning of this year, all five investor-owned utilities in Wisconsin have filed fuel rate increases. As we have previously reported to you, Wisconsin investor-owned utilities have been working with Commission staff and broader stakeholder groups on a revised mechanism for fuel cost recovery that is fair to both customers and shareowners. The commission recently directed staff to proceed with a formal notice of hearing and common request on proposed changes. Although it appears that new rules will not be implemented in time to address this year's operations, given the PSCW's recent action, we are hopeful that new fuel rules will be in place for 2009. The final regulatory issue at WPL, I want to mention, relates to wholesale customers, which accounts for about 20% of WPL's electric sales. A settlement with customers on WP&L's formula rate proposal is currently pending before FERC. The agreement, which covers all wholesale customers, includes a 10.9% return on equity and a 55% common equity ratio for a five-year period. In Iowa, we recently file our 2009 to 2010 emissions plan and budget. Over the two-year period, projects are focused on NOx and mercury emissions controls. In the fourth quarter, we expect decisions from the IUB on both this filing and the five-year energy efficiency plan that Bill referenced earlier. Finally with respect to rate matters, we will not be filing any general rate cases at IP&L during 2008. In closing, we look forward to the opportunity to meet with many of you at the AGA Financial Forum next week and at the EEI Financial Meeting later this month. In addition, we would like to remind you of our annual shareowners' meeting on May 15th, which will be webcast for investors who are unable to join us in person. I will now turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Protsch. At this time, the company will open up your call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the one-hour time frame of this morning's call. [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Michael Gresens, Robert W. Baird.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good morning gentlemen.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Michael.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Mike.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird & Co.: First question on the fuel proceeding within Wisconsin, based on current commodity prices relative to what you have filed in March, what are your expectations or if you have any on the under recovery for the remainder of the year?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the expectation is that since we've used forward strips in developing the filing, Michael, and since we typically update those estimates near the end of the proceeding, our expectation is that given the available forward-looking information we would breakeven under the fuel clause. That's the objective. But of course the volatility in the fuel markets today could produce a different result, either better or worse. But we think the process in the way it works, that is filings based on forward strips updating near the end of the proceeding to capture changes that may have materialized in those strips, we should have a reasonable chance of breaking even.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then second question on the Sutherland 4 Unit, the air permit in particular, what are they all allowed to look at in terms of deciding that issue and are there going to be a whole another rehashing of the CO2 issue?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Very difficult to predict that. I don't think there are any constraints in terms of what the Iowa Department of Natural Resources can take into consideration in the issuance of that permit, but our expectation at this point is that they will take into consideration existing laws and regulations rather than things which might materialize at some point in the near or distant future.
Michael Gresens - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Freeman there are no further questions in the queue at this time, sir.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 8, 2008 at 888-203-1112 for US and Canada or 719-457-0820 for international callers. Callers should reference conference ID 3497403. In addition an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investor section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference, you may disconnect at this time. We do appreciate your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jamie Freeman - Manager, IR William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and CEO Eliot G. Protsch - Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts: Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose
Operator: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Alliant Energy's Year End 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this all lines are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Jamie Freeman, Manager of Inventory Relations at Alliant Energy.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Eliot Protsch, our Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Eliot, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's 2007 fourth quarter and full year earnings. This release is available on the right hand side of the Investors page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, our presentation today contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides available on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jamie and welcome to our Investor Relations team. For those on the call good morning and thanks for your continued interest in our company. My comments will focus on key takeaways from 2007 and on our generation build out initiatives. Later in the call Eliot will provide a more detailed discussion of our 2008 financial guidance and our regulatory proceedings. We are pleased with our financial results for 2007. Our strength enabled us to increase our common dividend for the third year in a row. We continue to execute our strategic plan by completing the sales of our IP&L transmission assets and the Laguna del Mar property. We have posted supplemental slides on our website to aid-in our discussion with you this morning. At this point, I would direct you to slide number 2 that provides a reconciliation of our 2007 earnings. I'll pause for a moment to allow you to pull that up. We recommend making several adjustments to our earnings from continuing operations of $3.78 in order to get a more normalized level. These include items such as the gain and the sale of our IP&L transmission assets, settlement of a fuel-related rate case at WP&L and various tax items. Factoring out such items, results in adjusted earnings per share from containing operations of $2.66. Our utility results, excluding the gain on the transmission sale, reflect higher electric margins due to improved fuel cost recoveries and more favorable weather. Lower cost from retirement and incentive compensation plans and the accretive effect of fewer shares outstanding. These increases were partially offset by higher effective income tax rate and lower gas margins due to the reduced gains from WP&L's discontinued performance-based gas cost recovery program. Utility results were also negatively impacted by $0.06 due to severe ice storms that paralyzed the large portion of our Iowa and Minnesota territory and left more than half of IP&L's electric customers without power. Recently, the Edison Electric Institute presented IP&L with the 2007 Emergency Recovery Award recognizing our employees and contractors exemplary restoration efforts. Once you exclude the impacts of weather, the February sale of electric distribution properties in our Illinois service territory and the impact of February's ice storm outages. Year-over-year retail electric sales growth at WP&L was approximately 1.6%, while sales at IP&L increased approximately six-tenths of a percent. While these results were lower than our expected long term electric sales growth projections, we do not see anything in the fundamentals that alter our growth outlooks of approximately 2.5% for WP&L and 1.5% for IP&L. Next, as I update you on our generation plan, I'll refer you to slides 4 through 6 of the supplemental material. In Wisconsin, our certificate of public convenience and necessity application for Nelson Dewey unit number 3 was deemed complete by the Public Service Commission last December. Tomorrow, the first pre-hearing conference will be held, and a second pre-hearing conference later this month, the procedural schedule will be set. Under Wisconsin law, the Commission can take a maximum of 360 days to act on the application after they complete this ruling. So we expect the decision by December. We expect the decision on axe seven advanced fixed financial parameters at about the same time. In Iowa, we recently completed public hearings on the proposed Sutherland generating station unit number 4, post hearing briefs in this proceeding will be filed later this month. The Iowa Utilities Board has indicated that it will make a decision in May. The Air Permit is expected to be reviewed in late summer. After hearings, we received strong support from local citizens, state officials and unions. As anticipated, opponent's questioned the need for the plant and cited concerns over its carbon emissions. We do not believe, we can meet our responsibilities to customers by waiting for clarity on carbon that could be years away on the political and regulatory front and decades away on the technology front. We have an obligation to balance reliability, economics and the environment. This project along with our investments in wind and environmental retrofits of existing plants is the right plan to deliver on this obligation. The last step before construction can began is the receipt in order on rate making principles under House File 577. This filing is expected to be made later this quarter and will include a fixed return on equity and a cost cap for the project. We would expect the board to take about six months to rule on this filing. Therefore, under the timeline I have just outlined, construction could begin in the fourth quarter of this year. This brings us to an important distinction between the fixed rate making principles in Iowa and Wisconsin. Under Act 7 in Wisconsin, a utility is not obligated to file four rate making principles. Also we can proceed with an approved project under traditional rate making, if the terms of the commission order on the rate making principles are viewed as unsatisfactory to the company. You'll recall that is what WP&L did, with respect to the Cedar Ridge Wind project. By contrast, in Iowa, we must file for rate making principles under House File 577, or any electric power generating station over 300 megawatts in size. The project if approved must be built using the principles ordered by the board or not at all. Historically, House File 577 has worked as intended in Iowa. There have been 790 megawatts of coal fire generation, 1,100 megawatts of natural gas fire generation and over 1,000 megawatts of wind power generation either placed in service or under construction pursuant to this legislation. Next we intend to add almost 500 megawatts of owned wind generation to our system over the next three years. The official ground breaking for WP&L Cedar Ridge Wind Farm took place last year. Access roads have been laid and the foundations have been built. Right now, we are in the winter construction break. In April, however, we will begin public road improvements, crane passed development and underground cable installation. In late May, the towers will be delivered followed by the turbines in June. The first turbine will be erected in mid July. We expect to begin commercial operation some time during the fourth quarter of 2008. The 68 megawatt wind farm is expected to cost approximately $165 million. WP&L is working on an additional 200 megawatts of owned wind generation as well. We have executed letter of intent on a site in our service territory in Southern Minnesota, with the wind regimes are superior to those found in Wisconsin. We are preparing the necessary regulatory filings for Minnesota and Wisconsin. Similar to Cedar Ridge, we plan to use traditional rate making procedures for this project. Pending regulatory approval and the availability of turbines, we expect this capacity to be online during 2010, at a total cost between $400 million to $450 million. In Iowa, we have filed for rate making principles for up to 200 megawatts of wind generation. We have requested a 12.3% return on the common equity component of the investment. However, in negotiations with the Office of Consumer Advocate, we settled on a 11.7% return on equity, which is consistent with the return approved by the IUB in another recent wind project in the state. We expect an IUB decision on this project shortly. IPL has secured development rights on two sites, in North-Central Iowa collectively named Whispering Willow with a combined potential capacity of approximately 500 megawatts. Pending the availability of turbines, we anticipate 200 megawatts of this project to be online during 2010 at a total cost between $400 million to $450 million. And finally, in April 2007, WP&L filed an application with the Wisconsin Commission to purchase the Neenah generating facility. This is an existing 300 megawatts simple cycle natural gas facility located in Neenah, Wisconsin, which is owned by our non-regulated subsidiary. This purchase by WP&L is intended to replace the capacity currently available under a purchase power agreement with Calpine's RockGen facility. We expect the decision from the commission shortly and will then file for approval with the FERC. Pending these approvals, the purchase is expected to occur in June of 2009 when the RockGen PPA expires. The Neenah facility's existing PPA with Wisconsin Energy will expire this summer. We have signed a contract to sell the plants capacity until the proposed transfer of other facility to WP&L in June of 2009. Turning to the legislative arena, last November, several members of the Mid-western Governor's Association including governors from Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin signed the Mid West regional Greenhouse gas reduction accord. The accord presents an ambitious vision for the region. There will be a tremendous amount of legislative and regulatory activity over the next few years to determine how much of this vision can and will be implemented. We look forward to being an active participant in that process. In closing then, I'll summarize the key takeaways from 2007. First, we produced solid financial results despite the negative impact from multiple ice storms in our IP&L service territory, the worse storms in our company's history. Second, we successfully completed two significant divestitures. Third, our financial profile continues to strengthen. This is evidenced by our dividend increase, our successful completion of $400 million common share repurchase program and a strong year end cash position. And finally, 2007 marked the beginning of our substantial generation build-out program. The Cedar Ridge Wind Farm is under construction, the plans to add two new hybrid base load coal units and additional wind capacity continue to advance through the regulatory process. We believe we are well positioned to meet our customer's future energy needs with a plan that balances reliability, economics and the environment. We appreciate, your continued support and interest in our company. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Eliot.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bill. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our comprehensive earnings release is posted on our website. As Bill has touched upon our annual financial highlights, my primary focus here this morning will be on our 2008 financial guidance and an update on rate case matters. In December, we announced our 2008 financial guidance. We are reaffirming this guidance in our earnings release issued earlier today. Slide 8, of the supplemental material on our website details the key drivers for the change from 2007 actual results to the midpoint of our 2008 guidance. Our adjusted 2007 earnings from continuing operations starting point is $0.10 higher than the level we shared with you during the December guidance call. The majority of this increase is attributable to tax items including flow through accounting for income taxes in our Iowa jurisdiction which resulted in a lower effective tax rate than was earlier contemplated. Our 2008 effective tax rate assumptions remain unchanged at 36% on a consolidated basis. Our 2008 earnings guidance of $2.55 to $2.75 per share, calls for utility earnings to be essentially flat net of the transmission sale. This is based upon the midpoint of our 2008 utility earnings guidance of $2.33 per share, compared to $2.34 per share in 2007. Investors should take note of our higher projected earnings at the parent [ph] for 2008, which includes interest earnings on the cash associated with the transmission sale, net proceeds until those funds are redeployed in support of our core utility operations. Let's move to capital expenditures for the year 2008 through 2010, the substantial increase forecasted for 2008 versus 2007 is driven largely by the spending associated with our generation build-out program and an increase in our anticipated environmental related capital expenditures. Slide 7 in the supplemental material references the approximate amount for individual utility generation projects. Our environmental capital spending plan encompasses the next 10 years and includes the installation of emissions controls supplemented with the allowance market as a balancing mechanism. Our upcoming 10-K disclosure will include our current estimated ranges of capital spending to achieve compliance over the next 10 years. In addition for those of you who are interested in more detail on our environmental strategy, emissions profile and compliance plans, I refer you to our Annual Environmental Report which is also available on our website. Among other accomplishments, this report highlights NOx reductions of 33% from 2002 to 2006 due to the installation of Smart Burn technology at several WPL and IPL generation units. Smart Burn technology provided by our RMT subsidiary, lowers NOx emissions at substantially lower capital and operating costs then installing an SCR. We expect 2007 NOx emission rates to be further reduced when final numbers are available. Next I would like to provide an update on our advanced metering infrastructure project or AMI. We expected decision this quarter from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin on WPL certificate of authority application, which would allow us to begin implementing the project for natural gas customers. WPL will also install AMI for electric customers, but that portion of the project does not require prior regulatory approval. Assuming all approvals are received, we estimate the total expenditures on AMI in Wisconsin to be approximately $95 million and for the project to be completed by 2010. We are also planning to install AMI in our IPO service territory. The estimated cost for full deployment at IPO is approximately $105 million. However, the timing and amount of this investment is conditional upon appropriate regulatory treatment in the various IPO jurisdictions. When fully deployed, AMI will provide backbone for a future smart grid capability which will allow customers to better monitor their electric and gas usage and offer increased energy conservation opportunities. These expenditures complement our generation build-out program by furthering our focus on demand side management initiatives. Finally with respect to CapEx, I would like to comment on slide number 4 posted on the website detailing our utility generation plan. This table which will be included in our 10-K now includes the amount of capitalized cost incurred to-date for the major generation projects listed. This totals $99 million as of December 31, 2007. Next we would also like to reaffirm that our 2008 cash flow from operations is expected to be in the range of $550 million to $600 million. This range is consistent with our 2007 results of approximately $590 million. I would now like to touch upon our future financing plans. We plan to fund utility capital expenditures of a combination of internally generated funds, external debt financings and equity infusions from the parent. We expect to issue up to $400 million of long term debt net of majorities in 2008. At year-end, we had approximately $750 million in cash and short term investments. As a result of a strong cash position, we are reaffirming that we do not anticipate issuing external common equity until 2010. Now I will update you on our various rate matters. In late November, we received an order from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approving our request to reopen WPL's 2006 general rate case due to the discontinuation of customer credits. The order authorized and electric rate increase of $26 million for WPL to reflect the customer credits that discontinued at the end of 2007. The new electric rates were effective on January 1, 2008. No incremental change in natural gas rates was requested. The order also clarified the regulatory accounting for Alliant UTC [ph] and current return on quip accounts to ensure that the financing cost associated with their planned capital expenditures are recovered. This reopener also facilitates the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and WPL's desire to evolve to a biannual rate case cycle. WP&L currently plans to file its next base rate case by the end of the month or a 2009-2010 forecasted test period. During 2007, Wisconsin investor-owned utilities worked with Commission staff and broader stake holder groups on a revised mechanism for recovery of retail fuel cost, as both fair to customers and... fair to both customers and shareholders. The Commission is currently considering these proposals for new administrative rules governing fuel cost recovery. As for WP&L's wholesale business which represents approximately 15% of WP&L's electric revenues, formula rates became affective June 1, 2007 subject to refund. We are in the process of settling on the terms of the rates with their customers and will then file with the FERC for final approval. We look forward to having formula rates becoming an ongoing component of our wholesale business as we embark upon our generation build-out program. At IPL, we do not anticipate any rate filings during the course of 2008. Finally, I would like to comment on the customer rate impact of our generation build-out and environmental compliance plans. While many factors go into building and estimate for future rates, the most volatile component is fuel cost, particularly natural gas and purchase power. One of the many benefits for our customers of our build-out program is the replacement of purchase power with coal and wind generation. Coal as a fuel is both lower cost and more predictable, while wind powered energy has no fuel-related cost. Overall, while rate changes will certainly vary, both by year and by customer class, we expect rates to increase at an average annual growth rate of approximately 5% to 6% from 2007 through 2015, when most of our planned new generation and environmental compliance investments will be complete. In closing, we are in the process of finalizing our 2008 Investor Relations plans and look forward to the opportunity to meet with many of you throughout the course of this year. At this time I will turn the call back over to our operator, Margaret, to facilitate the question-and-answer session. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you Mr. Protsch. At this time the company will open up the call to questions from members of the investment community. Alliant Energy's management will take as many questions as they can within the 1 hour timeframe for this morning's call. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Steve Gambuzza, Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Steve.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I had a few questions for you. I guess first on the AMI front, have you selected an equipment provider for the Wisconsin deployment?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we have.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Is that... how do you... is that a public information yet?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I honestly don't know if we've made that public yet or not so.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably shouldn't reply but we'll follow up with Jamie, on that and he can provide you the name assuming we have disclosed it.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Understood, and that's... so full deployment, there will be $95 million through 2010. And when did you say regulatory... when did you said that regulatory process will be concluded on that front?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: This quarter, with respect to the gas portion of the WP&L service territory, there is no regulatory approval required for the electric portions of that investments.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then you mentioned, IP&L would be $105 million, conditional upon appropriate regulatory treatment, I was wondering if you could just expand upon what you meant by that?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Steve, this is Eliot. Iowa has an historical test year with the opportunity for post test year adjustments. As we look forward and embark upon our generation plan, we will attempt to time those investments in a manner that optimizes the recovery of the invested capital for our shareowners before we significantly deploy that capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, so, I guess that mean, that you'd want to time the expenditures, such that you would be shortly filing a rate case subsequent to make --
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, right you got it.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Do you have any... can you give us any... given the very substantial capital investment you are going to making in Iowa, and outside of generation on some of these environmental expenditures. I was wondering if you could just give us some sense as to whether a general rate case filing is it 2008, 09 or 10 event?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably not rather I would not comment on beyond 2008. Clearly we indicated in our... my prepared remarks that we are not contemplating a filing in 2008. I think if you monitor our CapEx plans particularly the availability of turbines and rate case outcomes on our various generation plant applications in Iowa you should be able to derive pretty good insights as to the timing of that CapEx and then enhance related rate filings.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. But I guess the environment is... given that the generation CapEx is all going to recovered under kind of a non-traditional rate making?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it is good question on environmental with reference the Smart Burn technology that we have been using in Iowa and Wisconsin with very good results that's tends to be lower capital cost and buys us some time, generates reduced NOx emissions may well generate credits and we are embarking upon a compliance plan in Iowa that involves a filing with the Iowa Utility Board which will lay out our contemplated plans and once they approve that filing then we would begin a number of those expenditures. We do have a few projects that are previously been improved were... approved where we are beginning to deploy the capital but again I would reiterate as we look at our forward financials we do not contemplate a filing in 2008 and at this point we are not prepared to make any projections for 2009.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Sure I guess what I was trying to understand, it seems like the majority what you are spending is generation related and that's not going to require general rate case filing because you get to recover that under the legislation that exists there.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No that legislation specifies the rate making treatment for recovery return of and return on those investments it still requires a general rate case to have the revenue requirements established to recover those costs.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay that's very helpful, thank you.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes pardon us if we didn't make that clear.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thank you. And then on the calendars that you included in the slide deck for Iowa, when did you say the return parameters... I didn't follow on the return parameters for the coal plant would be established?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it's reasonable to expect that Steve about six months following the Board's determination on the construction application. So sometime in the late third quarter, early fourth quarter of this year.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay and the 11.7% ROE that you settled with, in Iowa on the wind plant when will... are you be ruling on that?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect that eminently as the best adjective I can use to describe when we expect it.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And is there any equity ratio there as well in that settlement?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There's not. They tend to focus on what's being approved in past rate cases. I think for your purposes you should think in terms of that 48% to 50% range.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then finally, you mentioned an expectation when you look out your very substantially capital plan that rates would increase at 5% to 6% average rate through 2015. Just curious what kind of assumptions you are making in terms of fuel cost, is it just based on the forward curves that you see going out or is there substantial benefits from switching the cause. I am wondering if you can comment how fuel went in to that forecast?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Steve your question had the answer, and in terms of gas it's... we look at futures markets. In terms of coal we make modest assumptions in terms of expected increases in price for both the fuel and its delivery. But we don't envision anything, that I'll characterize as out of the ordinary as it relates to solid fuel price and delivery but we use futures market for gas.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our next question from Reza Hitaffi with Polyguard Investments [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Could you please breakdown the three-year CapEx guidance that occur each of the two utilities?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Reza we are looking for that information, I know it will be in our 10-K, I apologize we don't have that handy here. But we have it some for the utilities but we do not have it for the individual utilities.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess you have the generation...
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will call you back on that for that information... wait a minute, here somebody is giving me a piece of paper that might have that information.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Here we go, okay it's actually in... you do not have it in front of you.
Unidentified Analyst: Well I have the press release that has the total utility CapEx.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, what... I can read them off for you very quickly here if you wish.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Total CapEx for IPL 08, $605 million; WPL, $525 million. IPL, 2009, $575 million; IPL... WPL 2009, $735 million; IPL 2010, $920 million; WPL $1.50 billion.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. And just kind of following up on the last series of questions, I kind of got lost a little bit, the recovery of capital of the two large coal plants with that start when the plants go online?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Generally that's the case if the rate cases that we will file capture you know the in service states in a way that is sort of perfection oriented rate making and that will likely be near the case for WPL where we file a forecasted test year. At IPL we have an historical test year with permitted post test year adjustments that should allow us to get very close to that.
Unidentified Analyst: So is it fair to assumer that from now till 2012 you most likely have non-cash ASDC earnings through that time and then starting in 2013 that will become cash recovery of the return as well as return of the capital expenditure?
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that issue varies a bit by the two jurisdictions at IPL, your statement is 100% true. At WPL we are allowed to earn a cash return on some level of construction work in progress. That was one of the clarified... issues that we clarified in the recent re-opener with respect to WPL and in the case that we will shortly be filing for 2009 and 2010. We will of course, ask for an appropriate returns on construction work in progress and the advanced rate making dockets in Wisconsin also will address that issue. And it would be premature to speculate on what exactly will come out of that, but I think if you look at history and what we are doing now, you can get some pretty good insights into where they might land.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Daniele Seitz of Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hi. I... so that you have to heavy cost cap on the projects and since you have a wide range in cost estimates, when do you sense that those estimates will be finalized and given the escalation rate that is going on in construction, does that... do you have some sort of safety net for that?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well commercially our plan Daniele with respect to both of the hybrid coal projects is to reach agreements with our EPC partners on a target price or the ultimate investment. And we would expect that to be accomplished with respect to both of the projects by the time the regulatory filings for fixed rate making principles are made for each of the projects. That in both cases will be some time mid-year this year. In Wisconsin the commission's historic practice has been to authorize the construction of a facility at an estimated cost and then to specify a 5% or 10% addition to that estimated price as it a bandwidth within which the company operates before it has to go back to the commission and get a reauthorization in Iowa as part of the fixed rate making principles there will be a cost cap prescribed.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: I see. Today I'm assuming that it should be on high end of the range that you have or it is still to be decided on the part of the builder?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It continues to be a work in progress but it is fair to assume that in connection with both the target price and the regulatory filings, there will be some level of contingency of built into the price to deal with cost escalations. That's a reason our assumption that I'm sure the regulators in both jurisdictions expect.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Yes, I was also wondering about the replacement of the RockGen contract with actually putting Neenah in rate base. Does... is that the right thing to assume and also is there a saving... will there be savings involved or is it just the replacement of a contract versus the ownership of the plant?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: There will be lower capacity costs reflected in revenue requirement as a consequence of Neenah replacing RockGen simply because it's fewer megawatts.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Neenah is a 300 megawatt project, RockGen is 450 megawatts of capacity charges.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: So which would allow for the rate base signal to plant on a regulated basis?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go next to Jim Ferguson of IAG [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: AIG. I am referring again to slide 4 on the Neenah transfer, could you just clarify how RockGen factors into this transfers just to get regulatory approval for the change of the PPA?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the PPA will fall away by its own terms in June of 2009 Jim.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The Neenah facility is currently owned by an unregulated affiliate, although Alliant Energy we require Wisconsin Public Service Commission approval to transfer it from the unregulated affiliate to Wisconsin Power and Light company because it's an affiliated interest, transaction and Wisconsin law requires the commission approve that.
Unidentified Analyst: So the two... the RockGen and the transfer of Neenah, two separate events, just happened at the same time?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right, they are into related in the sense that, from our integrated resource planning perspective, we view Neenah and its capacity as replacing the capacity available to us under the RockGen contract, obviously 300 is less than 450.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But our integrated resource plan indicates that we require fewer peaking megawatts of capacity than was the case at the time the RockGen agreement was put into effect, now it's a right thing for us.
Unidentified Analyst: And what does the $95 million cost estimate mean, is that the price of the, that you will gain in the sale from non-regulated to regulated?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's the net book value, the estimated net book value of Neenah at the time of transfer. The affiliated interest of legislation and the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act require that, asset transfers from the unregulated side to the regulated side occur at the lower of cost or fair market value.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And that book value is cost.
Unidentified Analyst: So there will be a non-cash transaction within the overall LNT?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. One other thing, in the past, couple of years you've had cash flow augmented by asset sales, are there any to be anticipated in 2008 or 2009?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are not planning on any.
Unidentified Analyst: Is there anything left to sell?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the answer to that is, yes, of course there is a lot... not planning on selling anything. Our unregulated holding adjustment activity over the course of the last few years has been completed.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Steve Gambuzza of Longbow.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Hi just wanted to make sure and understood how the regulation in Iowa is going to work. For example the wind farm you plan on bringing on line and I guess its 2010 is it?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Eliot G. Protsch - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So you've essentially established the parameters for what the investment will ultimately earn, let's say your 11.7% gets approved by the commission. But when you bring the plant on line in 2010 you will have to file a general rate case to adjust the revenue requirement to reflect that return. And that will essentially open up the entire structure for utility is that correct?
William D. Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Mr. Freeman there are no further questions at this time.
Jamie Freeman - Manager, Investor Relations: With no more questions this concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 13, 2008 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada and or 719-457-0820 for international. Caller should reference conference ID number 4784982. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investors section of the company's website later today. Thank you for your continued support to Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman that concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Becky Johnson - Manager of Investor Relations Bill Harvey - Chairman, President and Chief ExecutiveOfficer Eliot Protsch - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Rountos - Talon Capital Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners
Operator: Please standby, we’re about to begin. Thank you for holding,ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Alliant Energy's Third Quarter 2007Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, BeckyJohnson, Manager of Investor Relations at Alliant Energy.
Becky Johnson: Good afternoon. I would like to thank all of you on the calland on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. Withme here today are Bill Harvey, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,and Eliot Protsch, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of thesenior management team. Following prepared remarks by Bill and Eliot, we will havetime to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news releasethis morning announcing Alliant Energy's third quarter 2007 earnings. Therelease is available on the investors page of our website atwww.alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that the remarks wemake on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-lookingstatements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that couldcause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include among others matters discussed inAlliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with theSecurities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update theforward-looking statements. At this point, I would like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Harvey: Thank you, Becky. Good afternoon and thanks for yourcontinued interest in our company. My comments this afternoon are primarilyfocused on updating you on our progress with our generation buildout and otherstrategic initiatives. Later in the call, I will turn it over to Eliot to provide aregulatory update and a more detailed discussion of our quarterly earnings andfinancial guidance. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, the thirdquarter is historically a big contributor to the annual earnings of our utilitybusiness. This year was no exception. Our third quarter results from continuingoperations were $1.05, compared to $0.75 for the third quarter of 2006. Later in the call, Eliot will discuss some of thequarter-over-quarter variance drivers. Suffice it to say, however, we arepleased with the solid financial performance produced this quarter. Moreimportantly, as a result of this strong third quarter results, we have narrowedour consolidated earnings guidance for 2007 to what had previously been the tophalf of our range. As for our utility operations, two of our coal plants wererecently named 2007 best performers by the electric utility cost group. TheEdgewater generating station in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, received the award in thelarge plant category; those stations greater than 250 megawatts and the Lansinggenerating station in Iowa received the award in the small plant category. We are pleased by this recognition of our commitment tooperational excellence and reliability. Moving on to our generation buildout.Last week in Wisconsin we celebrated the official groundbreaking of the CedarRidge wind farm, Alliant Energy's first of many planned rate-based wind farms. We began construction of turbine access roads, foundationsand the substation. This infrastructure work is ongoing and will be completedby year-end. Turbine deliveries are scheduled for the second quarter of nextyear, with turbine erection occurring in the summer of 2008. This 68-megawatt wind farm is expected to be operational bythe end of 2008, at an estimated cost of approximately $165 million. In addition to Cedar Ridge, WP&L continues to evaluatesites for an additional 200 megawatts of owned wind generation. Our focus hasbeen on sites in our southern Minnesota service territory, where the windregimes are superior to those found in Wisconsin. We are in the final stages of preparing thee certificate ofpublic convenience and necessity application, requesting regulatory approvalfor this project. Similar to Cedar Ridge, we plan to use traditional ratemaking procedures for the recovery of and return on this incremental 200megawatts of wind generation. Pending regulatory approval and the availability ofturbines, we currently project 100 megawatts of this capacity to be online in2009 and the balance in 2010, both for a total cost of approximately $360million to $440 million. Checking in on baseload generation, we continue tomake progress in Wisconsin on the development of a 300-megawatt coal plantlocated at WP&L's existing Nelson Dewey site in Cassville, Wisconsin. The proposed unit will utilize circulating fluidized bedtechnology and is being designed to burn biomass. We intend to rely onrenewable resource fields for 10% of the BTU input for the facility. Last February, WP&L filed a request with the PublicService Commission of Wisconsin for the approval to build Nelson Dewey 3 and alsofor fixed financial parameters and ratemaking principles for the recovery ofthis investment under the auspices of Wisconsin Act 7. We are moving through the regulatory process and anticipateapproval of the certificate of public convenience and necessity in the secondhalf of 2008. Our current expectations of the timeline for securing thenecessary permits and procuring hardware allows for an in-service date of 2013. We are in the final stages of negotiating the EPC contractfor the Nelson Dewey expansion, and expect an agreement to be executed in thenear future. In addition, our major equipment specifications are nearingcompletion, and we have issued an RFP for the boiler. As a part of our application process, we updated theestimated cost of this facility to a range of $850 million to $950 million,excluding AFUDC if applicable. This increase is reflective of changes in scope,since our original application, primarily increased biomass capability andreduced wetlands impacts. In April, WP&L filed an application with the PublicService Commission of Wisconsin to purchase the Neenah generating facility, anexisting 300-megawatt simple cycle gas-fired facility, located in Neenah,Wisconsin. This purchase by WP&L is intended to replace the output currentlyavailable under our purchase power agreement with Calpine's RockGen facility.Pending regulatory approvals, the purchase is expected to occur in 2009. Let me now discuss the status of our IP&L generationprojects. IP&L is making progress on the development of a baseload coalfacility at our existing Sutherland generating station site in Marshalltown,Iowa. We plan to utilize supercritical pulverized coal technology for the newunit. The boiler will be designed to burn biomass, such as switch grass, cornstover and wood chips. And similar to Nelson Dewey, the plant is being designedto burn renewable resource fuels for up to 10% of the BTU input for thefacility. Provisions are also being made to allow for cogeneration atthe plant. In July, we filed our siting application with the Iowa UtilitiesBoard, seeking approval to create Sutherland Unit 4. The facility will produce649 megawatts and IP&L plans to utilize up to 350 megawatts of the plant'soutput. IP&L anticipates the IUB decision on this application in the secondhalf of 2008. In the first quarter of 2008, we plan to file for advancedrate making principles under House File 577, similar to the process we used forour Emery plant. We have begun the equipment procurement process for theSutherland expansion by issuing RFPs for the boiler, turbine, and air qualitycontrol systems. Pending regulatory approvals, we currently expect thisfacility to begin commercial operation in 2013. We estimate that our 350megawatts share will cost between $840 million and $910 million excludingAFUDC. Earlier this year, Corn Belt Power Cooperative and CentralIowa Power Cooperative signed letters of intent to be joint partners in thisfacility. We are putting the finishing touches on the joint operating agreementamong us, which we expect to execute later this month. In addition, IP&Lcontinues to negotiate with other potential partners in the plan. Concerning our wind generation in Iowa, in September wefiled our application with the Iowa Utilities Board for determination ofratemaking principles for up to 200 megawatts of wind generation. As part of the filing, IP&L requested a 12.3% return onthe equity component of the investment. We have entered into negotiations withthe developer for the purchase of a 200 megawatts site in northern Iowa andexpect to execute an agreement for the purchase later this month. We anticipate the IUB's decision by the end of 2008. Pendingregulatory approval and the ability of turbines, we expect the 200-megawattwind farm to be completed in the 2009…
Operator: Please stay online. We are experiencing a short interruptionin our program. We will return in just one moment.
Bill Harvey: Hello everyone. This is Bill Harvey. Wisconsin is still hereand so is Alliant Energy. We did have a breakdown in telecommunications. Butlet me back up in my prepared remarks just a little and begin with a discussionof an update on proposed sale of our IP&L transmission assets to IPCHoldings. We continue to move forward through the various regulatoryprocesses. In September the Iowa Utilities Board formally allowed the sale tomove forward, which was a major milestone in the process. Recently, the Office of Consumer Advocate has soughtjudicial review of the IUB's decision. We do not expect the judicial review tobe successful or delay the anticipated closing of transaction. But, as youwould expect, we cannot provide any assurances that the judicial review will beresolved in a timely or satisfactory manner. In addition to Iowa we have received approval from theMissouri Commission. We have also made applications jointly with IPC inMinnesota, Illinois, and at the FERC. We expect to receive the Minnesotaadministrative law judge's recommendation this month. The FERC does not have adefined period of time within which to act, however, we are also expectingtheir decision this month. In addition, both IP&L and IPC have made theirHart-Scott-Rodino filings. The FTC acted on behalf of both organizations, andthe investigation was completed in May. The sale of IP&L's transmissionassets is expected to be positive for our customers and our shareowners.Assuming all regulatory approvals are received on a timely basis, we expect tocomplete this transaction by year-end. In closing, I will summarize the key takeaways from thequarter. First, strong sales and improved electric margins drove better thanexpected third quarter results. Second, we are narrowing our earnings guidanceand have increased the midpoint of our consolidated guidance by $0.05. Third,we successfully completed our $400 million share repurchase program. Fourth, substantial progress has been made on theconstruction of the Cedar Ridge wind farm in Wisconsin, which is slated tobegin commercial operation next year. And finally, the regulatory proceedingsrequired to build our coal and wind facilities and to sell our IP&Ltransmission assets are progressing. We appreciate your continued support forour company and now I would like to turn the call over to Eliot.
Eliot Protsch: Thanks, Bill and thanks to all of you for joining us today.My primary focus will be to provide additional analysis on the quarter as wellas update you on our rate cases and discuss our revised financial guidance. Myremarks pertain exclusively to results from continuing operations. First, as noted in our press release, we have postedsupplemental slides on our website to assist you in your earnings analysis. Youmay want to have these slides available for reference during my remarks. As wewalk from third quarter 2006 to 2007. There are three items that negativelyimpacted third quarter of 2006 earnings, which improved this year. First, $0.07 related to net impacts of weather and weatherhedging, second, $0.07 related to WP&L fuel recovery-related items. Andfinally, Q3 2006 earnings included a $0.05 loss for our New Zealand operations,which have since been sold. Positive EPS drivers for 2007 are as follows: the accretiveimpact of the share buyback was $0.05 per our utility in Q3 2007. In addition,third quarter earnings reflect improved electric margins and a forset benefitfrom the settlement of a federal income tax audit for the period 1999 to 2001.Drilling further into third quarter 2007 utility results compared to 2006. Iwould like to highlight the following. Primarily as a result of increased retail electric salesvolumes, electric margins were approximately $0.07 higher than last year. Wecontinue to experience increased customer usage in general, as well as positiveeffects from the growth in the agricultural processing industry in our serviceterritory. The net impacts of weather and weather hedges were slightlypositive this year as our summer weather hedge functioned as intended. We alsohad a slight pickup from a warmer than normal September which is outside thesummer hedging period. Incentive compensation related expenses were $0.05higher than the same period last year. However, focusing on the right column on the post slide,please note that on a year-to-date basis, incentive compensation expenses areflat. The variance this quarter is related to the timing of the accruals andimproved annual earnings projections. WP&L's fuel recovery was neutral inQ3 '07. WP&L reached a settlement agreement in August to refundany over collection of retail fuel-related costs for the period of June throughDecember 2007. Therefore, we would expect that the fourth quarter will beearnings neutral as well. Now, I will update you on our various rate matters. Withregard to Wisconsin retail rates in June, the Public Service Commission agreedwith our request to reopen WP&L's retail rate case. In September, the PSCstaff issued its briefing memorandum, which was supportive of a $26 millionelectric rate increase in addition to our request for AFUDC clarification. At its open meeting last week, the Commission directed staffto draft an order, which we expect to be approved sometime in the fourthquarter proposing new rates effective January 1st, 2008. We pursued thisre-opener because both the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin and WP&Lhave a desire to evolve to a biannual rate case cycle. WP&L currently plansto file its next base rate case in early 2008, with a 2009-2010 forecasted testyear. As for WP&L's wholesale business which representsapproximately 15 to 20% of WP&L's electric revenues, formula rates becameeffective June 1st, subject to refund and continue to make progress in ourdiscussions with customers with respect to settlement of this case. We look forward to having formula rates become an ongoingcomponent of our wholesale business as we embark upon our generation build-outprogram. I would also like to provide an update on WP&L's gasperformance-based rates or what we refer to as PBR. In our last base rate case order, the Public ServiceCommission of Wisconsin changed the sharing mechanism for PBR to 65% customersand 35% shareholders. In addition, the commission directed staff to work withthe company on exploring various alternatives to the design of the program. In October, the commission issued an oral decision on thefuture of WP&L's PBR mechanism. In its oral decision, the commission gaveWP&L the option to accept a new PBR sharing formula, or to implement atraditional pass through approach. Unfortunately in our judgment, the newmechanism did not include an appropriate risk return tradeoff for customers andshareholders. For that reason, we have selected the traditional passthrough approach. In each of the last two years, the previous PBR formula hasresulted in savings of approximately $13 million for our customers, and an EPScontribution of approximately $0.06 to $0.07 for shareholders. We currently fully expect the full year EPS contribution forPBR to be $0.02 in 2007. We may choose to revisit PBR alternatives as a part offuture base rate case applications. Now to summarize our capital plans. Our projected capital expenditures for 2008 remain unchangedat $580 million. Future capital expenditures beyond our maintenance capitalneeds are, of course, a function of the timing of the capital spending for ourvarious infrastructure projects, and the availability of wind turbines. In addition to new generation, we plan to make significantcapital investments in environmental compliance over the next decade. Thisincludes the installation of emissions controls, utilizing both pre and postcombustion technologies, while using the allowance market as a balancingmechanism. Our 10-Q disclosure includes our current estimated ranges ofcapital spending to achieve compliance. In addition, for those of you who areinterested in more detail on our environmental strategy, emissions profile andcompliance plans, we recently published our annual environmental report, whichis available on our website. Of special note, with respect to NOx reductions, we havealready achieved strong results due to the installation of combustion controltechnology at several WP&L and IP&L units. In October, WP&L filed a certificate of authority withthe Public Service Commission, seeking approval for the gas portion of theadvanced metering infrastructure project in Wisconsin. The electric portion ofthe AMI project does not require a similar type of regulatory approval process.WP&L plans to install both gas and electric meters. We estimate the total expenditures on AMI in Wisconsin to beapproximately $95 million. We also plan to install AMI in our IP&L serviceterritory. The estimated cost for full deployment at IP&L is $105 million.Deployment at both WP&L and IP&L will be phased in through 2011. The timing and the amount of this investment is conditionalupon appropriate regulatory treatment in the various jurisdictions. Before Ileave CapEx, I would like to briefly comment on the slide posted on the websitedetailing our generation plan. This table, which is also included in our 10-Q, now includesthe amount of capitalized cost incurred to date for the major generationprojects listed. This totals $63 million as of September 30th, 2007. We expectthese expenditures to grow over time and thought it would be useful forinvestors to know what has been expended to date, and what amounts may bereflected in rates and thus in our earnings. Now, an update on our various financing activities. InAugust, WP&L completed a $300 million long-term debt issue. The proceedswere used to reduce short-term debt balances to re-capitalize WP&L inconcert with the rate order received earlier this year and to fund capitalexpenditures. Looking ahead to the remainder of this year, as in pastyears, we have now hedged our heating system season margins and as previouslymentioned. We expect to be neutral on WP&L fuel recovery. Thus, when wecombine our fourth quarter outlook with our strong year-to-date performance, weare narrowing our earnings guidance range to $2.52 to $2.62 per share. Finally, with respect to 2007, we are reaffirming our 2007cash flow guidance of $525 million to $575 million. 2008 earnings and cash flowguidance as well as 2008 through 2010 capital expenditure guidance will beissued in mid-December after our budget is approved by our Board of Directors. In closing, we look forward to the opportunity to meet withmany of you at next week's EEI conference. And at this time, I would like toturn the call back over to Katie to guide us through the question-and-answersession.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Protsch (Operator Instructions). We'll gofirst to Steven Rountos with Talon Capital.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Good afternoon, everyone.
Eliot Protsch: Hi, Steven.
Bill Harvey: Steven. 
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: I was wondering if you comment on the OCA's request forjudicial review. What is the timing of that? And what are the next steps forthat?
Bill Harvey: Well, the process is a relatively traditional judicialreview process. The timing of its review is something that's controlled by thereviewing court, not by some other mechanism. I think the important thing towatch for is whether or not there is any quick action by the court. And, secondly, whether or not there's any action by thecourt relating to any possible request for a stay of the sale. There has beenno such request today and we think the probability of any such request beingsuccessful, if it were made, is very low.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Okay. And then on Nelson Dewey, I think that you hadmentioned that the CapEx has increased because of the need to be able to firebiomass in it as well. Can you give us an idea on what the increase is and howit plays out over the '08 to 2010 timeframe?
Bill Harvey: I think in my prepared remarks, I indicated what the totalcapital cost increase was for our share of the facility, but you can think ofit as approximately a $50 million increase in costs. Some of that relates tosite reconfiguration relating to wetlands on the site. Some of it relates to reconfiguration associated with theability to logistically handle the biofuels that will be burned at the plant.And some of it relates to alloy changes in the boiler that will accommodate thecombustion of higher levels of biofuel and what we had originally anticipated.
Eliot Protsch: Steven, with regard to year-by-year estimates when we fileour 2008 guidance, we will give you our best estimate at that point in time interms of year-by-year expenditures for that plant.
Steven Rountos - Talon Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go next to Steve Fleishmanwith Catapult Partners.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Yes, hello.
Bill Harvey: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Could you on the non-regulated businesses in the quarter,could you -- outside of the absence of the New Zealand loss last year, whatwere the drivers at the non-reg generation and the, transport RMT WindConnect?
Bill Harvey: Well, the drivers were really twofold. Number one,substantial increase in the earnings associated with the WindConnect businessand the second is the increase in earnings in the non-regulated generationbusiness due to the retirement of debt associated with that business andconsequentially less interest carrying costs.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. Are these things that could be ongoing to the pointwhere these businesses maybe start going at a higher run rate than before or isthis kind of some just strong performance in the quarter, do you think?
Bill Harvey: Well, the wind connect businesses has been strong. It'sdifficult to predict whether or not that will sustain over the long term. Thenon-regulated generation business, obviously, that debt is gone.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay.
Bill Harvey: So its performance ought to be enhanced over time, butimportantly, the transportation business is benefiting substantially from thetremendous expansion in the ethanol marketplace in Iowa. So, we hope thatbusiness will perform more strongly over time as well. What we expect in thatarea will obviously be reflected in the guidance that we issue in December ofthis year. But I think that's a fair qualitative summary.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. And then one last question, what is your currentexpectation for use of proceeds from the transmission sale?
Bill Harvey: Right now, our expectation is that we will probably redeploythat to our utility business; reduce a little bit of debt at IP&L.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay.
Bill Harvey: Everybody is still there?
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Oh, sorry. So you said redeploy the utilities?
Bill Harvey: Dividend it up to the parent for redeployment both inreducing debt at IP&L and redeploying the capital program of the utilityand otherwise investing it in short-term interest bearing obligations.
Steve Fleishman - Catapult Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ms. Johnson, there are no further questions atthis time.
Becky Johnson: With no more questions, this concludes our call. Thanks foryour continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with anyof your follow-up items. A replay of this call will be available throughNovember 9th, 2007 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 forinternational callers should reference conference ID 4510812. In addition, an archive of the call and the script of ourprepared remarks will be available on the Investors section of the company'swebsite later this afternoon. Thank you.
Operator: We thank you for today's participation. That does concludetoday's conference call.
